===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Onsemi first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you’ll need to press star-one-one on your telephone. You will then hear an automated message advising your hand is raised. To withdraw your question, please press star-one-one again. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you Kevin. Good morning and thank you for joining Onsemi’s first quarter of 2025 results conference call. I am joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO, and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast along with our first quarter earnings release will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and a discussion of certain limitations when using non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that will cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are described in our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the first quarter. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements might change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other events that may occur, except as required by law. Now let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you Parag. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining us on the call. Despite a challenging macroeconomic landscape, we delivered Q1 revenue of $1.45 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.55. Both exceeded the midpoint of our guidance, with non-GAAP gross margin of 40%. Our focus remains on streamlining our operations through our Fab Right approach and investing in R&D to deliver differentiated products to our customers. Both initiatives aim to deliver gross margin expansion as the market recovers. In an uncertain geopolitical environment, our manufacturing network is a source of competitive advantage as we have proactively established a flexible and geographically diversified supply chain for our customers that not only enhances supply resilience but also reduces our risk exposure. With 19 front and back end facilities in addition to our external network, we are well positioned to respond effectively to tariff-related concerns. Based on our understanding of current tariff policies, our expectation is that there will be minimal direct impact to our business. At this time, we expect no major issues in servicing our global customer base and are assisting these customers to minimize their impact by optimizing our supply chains. Although we began to see early signs of stabilization with favorable booking trends towards the end of the first quarter in certain parts of the industrial market, inventory digestion persists and customers remain cautious, as I described last quarter. While customers optimize their working capital in this extended downturn, we have used pricing to defend or increase share in strategic areas over the long term and expect low single-digit pricing declines in certain parts of our business. On the revenue side, following a strong Q4, our automotive revenue in the first quarter declined 26% sequentially, in line with our expectations. Our industrial revenue was better than expected, decreasing only 4% sequentially. The traditional parts of the industrial market are starting to show signs of recovery. You’ll recall this was the first part of industrial to show signs of weakness going into the downturn. Medical and aerospace and defense also increased sequentially, and our AI data center revenue, which we report as part of our other bucket, more than doubled year-over-year in the first quarter. Our differentiated intelligent power and sensing solutions enable us to deliver the performance and power efficiency that our customers need to thrive in their space. Through the downturn, we continued investing to diversify our portfolio and deliver differentiation as the market landscape continues to evolve. In automotive, while inventory digestion persisted in the first quarter, leading OEMs are adopting our silicon carbide in their next platform architectures. We have extended our technology leadership with our fourth generation EliteSiC MOSFET devices based on trench architecture. We have already secured a new 750 volt plug-in hybrid electric vehicle, or PHEV, designed with one of our major U.S. automotive OEMs. This signals the beginning of a transition from silicon to silicon carbide in new PHEV platforms to extend vehicle range and reach a broader customer base, adding to our penetration in full battery electric vehicles, or BEVs, where we continue to gain share over incumbents. Based on the latest electric vehicle launches in China, most of which were unveiled last week at the Shanghai Auto Show, we expect to have our silicon carbide in nearly 50% of the new models. Most of these new models are set to ramp in late 2025, including a PHEV with our silicon carbide. Broader adoption of SiC in PHEVs is expected over the next few years as OEMs redesign hybrid platforms to meet tightening global emissions standards and capitalize on the performance offered by silicon carbide technology to extend the range. We are also winning with our image sensors in automotive applications, which continued to be a differentiator for Onsemi. The superior performance of our technology makes Onsemi the partner of choice for top automakers. In the first quarter, we began shipments of our 8 megapixel image sensor to the leading OEM in China with a global footprint, where we expect to be designed into ADAS systems for their low, mid and high-end vehicles. Another OEM based on Asia has selected our 8 megapixel image sensor for their next generation ADAS platform. In AI data center, we continue to make progress in our strategy by leveraging our strengths in intelligent power. Silicon carbide and silicon-powered devices anchor that strategy and are instrumental in every branch of the power tree. At the entry point of power into the data center, we are capitalizing on the transition to modular UPS systems with our EliteSiC power module solutions, delivering higher efficiency and power density than traditional silicon solutions. We are shipping to the three largest UPS suppliers and with a new platform win that began ramping in Q1, we expect our revenue for UPS to grow between 40% and 50% for the full year over 2025. Within the power supply unit and the battery back-up unit, our silicon carbide JFET combines with our T10 trench FETs to create a winning high power AC-to-DC solution. SiC JFETs are essential in the transition from 3 kilowatt to 5 kilowatt PSUs required in the next generation architecture, and only Onsemi has this distinctive technology. SiC JFET is superior in these high current solutions because it offers the lowest ON resistance in a given footprint. Similarly, our T10 MOSFETs offer industry-leading ultra-low RDS (on) and reduced switching losses. We are ramping with a large U.S. hyperscaler, securing the majority share in their PSU and BBU. We are expanding our portfolio of power solutions using a combination of FETs and power management ICs to address the intermediate bus conversion and Vcore branch of the power tree. With the launch of our Treo platform last November, we introduced our expanding portfolio, including voltage translators, LVOs ultra-low power analog front ends, ultrasonic sensors, multi-phase controllers for clients, and single pair Ethernet controllers for automotive zonal architecture applications. Advancements through the Treo platform are enabling us to accelerate development and deliver innovative solutions to our customers across automotive, medical, industrial and AI data center markets at accretive margins. We have already recognized the first production revenue from the Treo platform and are well on our way to doubling the number of products available year-over-year as we build the franchise towards delivering on our $1 billion commitment by 2030. As we look ahead, while the semiconductor industry is navigating complex macroeconomic factors, there is an increasing need for semiconductors to include power efficiency and sensing capabilities in rapidly evolving sectors like AI data centers, automotive and industrial. Through this downturn, we have maintained our strategic direction and we have continued to deliver value to our customer base on the performance of our technology. We are focused on operational excellence and are well positioned for a recovery with gross margin expansion as we continue to realize the benefits of our Fab Right initiatives. Let me now turn it over to Thad to give you more detail on our results and approach going into the second quarter of 2025.
Thad Trent: Thanks Hassane. While it was a challenging start to the year, continuing to focus on operational excellence has allowed us to drive costs out of our operations to focus on free cash flow generation. We exceeded the midpoint of our guidance with revenue of $1.45 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.55, while Q1 free cash flow increased 72% year-over-year. We increased our share buyback to 66% of free cash flow, repurchasing $300 million of shares in the first quarter. With our large capital investment behind us, we are confident in our liquidity and strong balance sheet and believe returning capital to shareholders is the best use of capital. For 2025, we intend to increase our share repurchase to 100% of free cash flow. As of today, there is approximately $1.5 billion remaining on our repurchase authorization, and we expect free cash flow will remain strong with the cost control actions we have taken, aggressive working capital management, and limited capital investments. Last quarter, I told you that we would be moving aggressively and with urgency in making structural changes to expand gross and operating margins and generate strong free cash flow in the future. In the first quarter, we took two significant steps to benefit the company in the long term and better position us for a market recovery. First, as part of our Fab Right initiative, we reduced our internal fab capacity by 12% through our manufacturing realignment ramp to lower our fixed cost structure. These actions will reduce our ongoing depreciation costs by approximately $22 million on an annualized basis, and we expect to see the benefit on the income statement in Q4 of this year. We will continue to rationalize our manufacturing footprint, driving gross margin expansion towards our long term target and providing greater leverage in our business model as the market recovers. The second action in Q1 was a company-wide restructuring initiative. We made the difficult decision to reduce our global workforce by 9% and further reduce our non-manufacturing sites, driving sustainable efficiencies across the company. These actions are expected to generate approximately $25 million of savings in Q2 versus Q1 with an additional $5 million per quarter of savings realized in the second half of the year. These actions are structural rather than temporary and will drive incremental leverage in both gross and operating margin for the long term. Coupled with our lower capital intensity, we remain on track to our targeted 25% to 30% free cash flow margin for the year. Turning to financial results for the quarter, a slowdown in demand across all end markets resulted in revenue of $1.45 billion, above the midpoint of our guidance. Automotive and industrial accounted for 80% of revenue in the first quarter. Automotive revenue was $762 million, which decreased 26% sequentially driven by weakness in Europe and seasonality in Asia, mainly in China due to Chinese New Year. Revenue for the industrial was $400 million, down 4% sequentially, while our medical and aerospace and defense businesses continue to grow, traditional industrial remains stable. Outside of auto and industrial, our other businesses increased 1% quarter-over-quarter, mainly driven by client computing business offset by normal seasonality in wireless. Looking at the first quarter split between the business units, revenue for the power solutions group, or PSG was $645 million, a decrease of 20% quarter-over-quarter and 26% year-over-year. Revenue for the analog and mixed signal group, or AMG was $566 million, a decrease of 7% quarter-over-quarter and a decrease of 19% year-over-year. Revenue for the intelligent sensing group, or ISG was $234 million, a 23% decrease quarter-over-quarter. ISG revenue decreased 20% over the same quarter last year. Turning to gross margin in the first quarter, GAAP gross margin was 20.3%, which includes restructuring charges as a part of our manufacturing realignment program. Non-GAAP gross margin was 40%, down 530 basis points sequentially and 590 basis points from the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP gross margin declined in line with guidance due to the lower revenue and under-absorption, with lower utilization levels over the last few quarters. Manufacturing utilization increased slightly from 59% in Q4 to 60%, which does not include any impact from our capacity reduction actions. Now let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were $868 million as compared to $328 million in the first quarter of 2024. GAAP operating expenses increased sequentially as it includes restructuring charges of $539 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $315 million compared to $314 million in the quarter a year ago. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was negative 39.7%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 18.3%. Our GAAP tax rate was 13.5% and non-GAAP tax rate was 16%. Diluted GAAP earnings per share for the first quarter was a loss of $1.15 as compared to earnings of $1.04 in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.55 as compared to $1.08 in the Q1 of 2024. GAAP diluted share count was 421 million shares and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 422 million shares. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short term investments was $3 billion with total liquidity of $4.1 billion, including $1.1 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $602 million and free cash flow increased 72% year-over-year to $455 million, representing 31% of revenue. Capital expenditures during Q1 were $147 million. Inventory was down quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis by $164 million and increased by three days to 219 days. This includes 100 days of bridge inventory to support fab transitions in silicon carbide. We expect this inventory to peak in the second quarter. Excluding the strategic builds, our base inventory is healthy at 119 days. Distribution inventory declined another $27 million with weeks of inventory increasing to 10.1 weeks versus 9.6 weeks in Q4. Our plan to support the mass market has continued to pay dividends, resulting in another 29% increase in customer count year-over-year. We do not expect a material change in the weeks of inventory over the near term. Looking forward, let me provide you the key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the second quarter. As a reminder, today’s press release contains a table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance. First, our guidance is inclusive of our current expectation that there is no material direct impact of tariffs announced as of today. Given our current visibility, we anticipate Q2 revenue will be in the range of $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. Our non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be between 36.5% and 38.5%, which includes share-based compensation of $8 million. Our second quarter guide includes 900 basis points of non-cash under-absorption charges, and we expect utilization to decline slightly in Q2. Approximately half of the sequential gross margin decline is from the increased under-absorption in Q2 and the remaining is attributable to unfavorable pricing, as we are seeing low single-digit price declines. Moving onto non-GAAP operating expenses, we expect opex to be in the range of $285 million to $300 million, including share-based compensation of $29 million. We expect our non-GAAP other income to be a net benefit of $11 million with our interest income exceeding interest expense. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 16% and our non-GAAP diluted share count is expected to be approximately 419 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.48 to $0.58. We expect capital expenditures in the range of $70 million to $90 million. We took difficult steps in the first quarter to right-size and refocus the company on the key drivers to achieve our long term ambitions. By continuing to lean into our Fab Right strategy and focus on higher value product lines, we are committing to building a solid foundation that will be a tailwind when the macro environment becomes more robust. In the meantime, we will remain cautious in our approach and position ourselves to capitalize in the future on strong customer relationships with our intelligent power and sensing platforms. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Kevin to open up the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys, thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess my first one, on the revenue side of things, you guys have been consistent with your conservatism, but the flat guide seems to be a bit below the up low single to high single-digit sequential growth that your peers are seeing. Is there anything structurally different at ON that would keep you from experiencing the same sort of upturn that others have started to allude to?
Hassane El-Khoury: Hey Ross. No, it’s not really structural. It’s really depending on the end markets that we versus our peers are exposed to. As you know, we have a big focus on automotive for EVs specifically. EV outside of China still has not seen the recovery. China, as I have mentioned, we’ve gotten a lot of the wins - that’s where most of the ramp is happening in the second half of 2025, so other than just within the markets, whether you’re broad or more focused on sub-markets, like we are for the EV, that’s the only thing I could point to.
Ross Seymore: Great, thanks. For my follow-up, perhaps with Thad on the gross margin side of things, the charge that you took and then generally looking forward, what are the metrics we should use to think about gross margin? You’ve been very overt with your second quarter, but what do we think about, say second half or relative to revenue growth? How much of it just utilization based, absorption based, or are there many idios that ON has? Just any metrics to help us hone in on that would be great.
Thad Trent: Yes, so as I mentioned, we took about 12% of our capacity offline, and that was late in the first quarter so you didn’t really see much of an impact of that in the first quarter. As we go forward with this new footprint, the incremental--as utilization goes up, for every point of utilization, it’s now 25 to 30 basis points of gross margin improvement. Previously that was 20 to 25, so it’s now increased because of taking that capacity offline. As I mentioned, there’s about $22 million of depreciation savings on an annualized basis. We’ll start to see that hitting the P&L in Q4 just because of the lag with the inventory bleed - it takes time for that to hit. But as we go forward, the gross margin expansion in the short term is all about utilization, so as the market recovers, utilization will go up. Now, we are expecting utilization to go down slightly here in Q2, but if we--based on early signs of some stabilization and recovery, we’re hoping that we’ll see some improvement later in the year, and then we’ll see that impact hitting us in late ’25 and in ’26.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on pricing. I think, Hassane or Thad, in the past you had mentioned you are pricing to value, right, and suggested that pricing could stay more resilient. But now, I think you are suggesting that pricing could be a headwind, that it could go down low single digits, and I’m curious what has changed, if anything? Is it a geographic issue, is it a product, is a competitive headwind? Just what has changed on the pricing side, and how much of this flat Q2 sales is because of pricing and then how much is pricing a headwind when we look at the back half of the year?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, so what changed, obviously we’ve been in this downturn, it’s a very extended downturn, and we have to react to market conditions or competitive threats, that some of our competitors are using pricing, and we are going to use pricing to defend and increase share in forward-looking programs. I don’t see that, my comments as going back to the old pricing ways, where it’s the first quarter obviously, and then if not in the first quarter for us, it’s the second. It’s not a plan that I can give you what it is by quarter or what it is for the second half. We’re using it as a tool. We have forward-looking programs that are actually beneficial from a gross margin perspective, that we will defend or even penetrate and increase share based on pricing decisions we make today, so we are going to take it as a tool, but it is a different environment we are operating in. It’s not geographical, it is not specific to a product. It’s really what I would call a more opportunistic approach to it. From the revenue side, I wouldn’t read any more into it from the revenue in Q2. It’s not--the revenues specifically are top line, it’s more on demand driven. It is not really on the pricing impacts specifically.
Vivek Arya: Okay, and then my follow-up question, I think Thad, you mentioned something on gross margin. When we look at Q2, the low end is 36.5%, and I think you mentioned that some of it was because of under-absorption and some of it was pricing. If we start to hypothetically see sales grow from Q3 and Q4, what should be the new range of gross margins that we should be thinking about for the back half of the year, like even a broad range, I think would be useful in aligning the model. Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes, so as I was saying earlier, the impact of utilization is about a two-quarter delay for it to hit the P&L, as you’ve got to burn through roughly 200 days of inventory to see that benefit. It takes about two quarters for that to impact. Given that we’re expecting Q2 utilization to step down here slightly in Q2, that will be a little bit of a headwind. If you think about the rest of this year, we’re likely going to be kind on in this--let’s use the midpoint of our guidance, kind of in this range. Again, we think this is temporary - it’s utilization driven. If you take that 900 basis points of under-absorption, you add it to our guide, that gives you an indication of kind of where our standard margin is and where we think sustainability is in the short term. But for the remainder of this year, I think we’re going to be in this tight range here with improvement coming, assuming that utilization does improve as the market recovers later in the second half. I think there’s a nice tailwind going forward. I think for the next couple quarters, we are in this, let me call it 37.5%, 38% range, just depending on utilization.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Given the pricing environment and you’re saying you’re using pricing to defend market share, can you just give us an update on that $350 million to $400 million non-core business that you are going to exit? Is that still the plan as the size of that changed how rapidly you think you’re going to exit that this year, or will you try and defend your market share and use pricing on that business? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, so what I--specifically on the pricing, we still expect to exit that. We’ve always said this is more market dependent than anything else. I do include some of the pricing in there just to offset some of the utilization in the short term, but it is not on that specific, what I would call the non-core exits that we are planning. We are not defending it to the point where we want to keep it. You can think about it as it helps with utilization, we’ll modulate it in the short term, but our expectation remains.
Thad Trent: Yes, and Chris, I would add in the first quarter, we walked away from about $50 million of that business. We still think that $300 million is probably the likely number for the year. It will be market dependent. If we can hold margins on that in a favorable range, we will keep it, so I think it’s really going to be dependent on how the market plays out and the recovery plays out.
Chris Danely: Okay, great. For my follow-up, it sounds like there’s some nice momentum on silicon carbide exiting this year. Any update on, I guess, the long term growth rate you’re expecting there, and then how about the gross margin range, do you still think you can get that business to 50%?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, from a long term range, obviously we’re not guiding. We’re still expecting growth, we’re expecting to be the market share leader in that business, based on the traction we’ve had today and really the wins, the outlook of the wins, not just the ones we’re ramping in 2025. I mentioned some of the trends for going to the plug-in hybrids with silicon carbide - we have been penetrating that, which will ramp in the outer years, so the outlook remains unchanged. We are still very bullish about the prospects of our silicon carbide within that market and the position we will keep and gain. As far as gross margin, we do believe that the gross margin--today the gross margin is really more impacted by the under-utilization. If you recall, we added the capacity for the market that didn’t really turn out. We modulated a little bit on the capacity that we kept online, but from a standard margin perspective, we are still pricing on value, and as we grow into the capacity that we installed, we still believe we have the best cost structure in the industry.
Chris Danely: Okay, thanks Hassane.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey guys, thank you for taking my question. For my first one, I kind of wanted to look backwards. Entering the year, you guys called out that demand had gotten appreciably worse. It looked like in the quarter, things tracked to where you were expecting, but your peers didn’t really flag all that much of a demand deterioration in the quarter. Can you maybe look back and reflect on what’s happened over the last few months in particular for Onsemi, and in particular, was this in your view an inventory issue that you guys needed to clean up, or were there legitimate pockets of demand that weakened? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes, the quarter played out pretty tightly to what we expected. We were above the midpoint of our guidance. The industrial was more favorable than we expected. Automotive was right on to what we expected going into the quarter. Our other business, a small piece of it, a small piece of the total was favorable as well, being up 1%, so I think in terms of what we saw within the quarter, it pretty much came in line with what we expected. We did see some early signs of stabilization in the industrial market, specifically the traditional industrial side of that business. There are some pockets that are still down, but we took that as a favorable sign coming out of the quarter. Now, there is uncertainty given the tariff situation, but there’s some early signs of stabilization which gives us some hope.
Joshua Buchalter: Okay, thank you. I was also hoping for a little more--could you maybe explain a bit of what’s in the $283 million restructuring charge that was in gross margin? Was that primarily inventory write-down, and could you speak to how you’re thinking about your ON book and channel inventory now? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes, okay, there’s a lot there. On the restructuring, we did a restructuring and then we also did a capacity reduction as well, so an impairment of some of our assets. What hit the gross margin line is a part of the manufacturing realignment program. We did take inventory out as we took capacity out in some of the areas as we’re de-focusing there and as our manufacturing footprint changed, so we had some consumables and other inventory that we took as a part of that charge. What hit the opex line, obviously, was restructuring charges associated with more of the restructuring activity, rather than the Fab Right activities.
Hassane El-Khoury: On the distribution, there’s no change in our distribution. Obviously we’re taking a very disciplined approach to channel inventory, although the weeks are, call it flattish around the 10, which is the sweet spot of where we believe we’re going to be long term - you know, we said between 9 and 11 weeks. We actually drained dollars out of the channel as we remain cautious on the outlook. Obviously for our distribution inventory, we’re always cautious not to ship in more than what we can see demand for, and we’ll remain disciplined on that, so no change and no impact in the DC inventory.
Thad Trent: Yes, and then on the inventory on the balance sheet, we have 219 days. It did go down by $164 million - part of that is the write-off that we took as a part of the restructuring activities. But if you look at our base inventory, exclude the fab transitions in silicon carbide, it’s at 119 days, so it’s healthy. Our target has always been 100 to 120 days, do we’re within that target. I expect inventory will be peaking here in the second quarter, and we’ll start to drain in Q3 and Q4 as the fab transitions continue to get executed and we stop buying from the divested fabs that we divested a few years ago. Inventory should be peaking here.
Joshua Buchalter: Okay, thank you. I apologize for my three-for-one question.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Crawford Clarke : Hi, this is Crawford Clark on for Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the results. I wanted to ask about the industrial segment - I think you’ve talked a little bit about it thus far in response to some other questions, but it sounds like some of your competitors are talking about maybe a little bit more of a broad-based recovery in their end markets. I know you mentioned some strength in aerospace and defense and medical, but was hoping you might be able to put a finer touch on some of the trends you’re seeing outside of those two sub-segments. Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, obviously I can only focus and comment on the markets, or the sub-markets in industrial we’re focusing on strategically and not as a broad base, because we’re not a broad-based industrial supplier. I would say outside of some of the energy infrastructure, everything is up, so I would say broadly it is starting to see signs of recovery - that’s what Thad said, including some of what we call the consumer side of industrial. If you recall, that was the first one that actually went into the downturn, so we’re starting to see signs of recovery there. From a green shoot and a stabilization perspective, we’re actually more positive about industrial now. There are a few pockets, but again there is still uncertainty given the geopolitical environment and the tariffs. Outside of that, we do see stabilization and we do see signs of that recovery.
Crawford Clarke: Got it, very helpful. Then if you could just talk a little bit about your expectations for demand within the automotive segment by geography - I know people are calling out strength in China, obviously first quarter was a little bit tougher given some trends related to Chinese New Year, but if you could talk again about your expectations for demand in auto by geo. Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, same thing - we do see strength in China automotive specifically, driven by EVs, and for us it’s driven by new ramps for silicon carbide, as I mentioned. Coming out of the Shanghai Auto Show, we do see the models that we are in, the models that are going into production. We’re about 50% of these new models that are ramping, and we expect that to start ramping in the second half and therefore our automotive market, China specifically. Other regions, we’ll see, but from a positive outlook, I would say automotive in China EV is the focus, and we see that as remaining favorable.
Thad Trent: Yes, and let me give a little more color to your first question on the guidance going forward. We expect industrial and the other bucket both to be up mid to high single digits quarter-on-quarter. We think auto is going to be down, again just as Hassane talked about, kind of in that high single digit percentage as well. But to your point, we’re seeing industrial strength and we’re seeing it continue in the second quarter.
Crawford Clarke: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Quinn Bolton: Hey guys. I think before your capacity actions, you guys had sized the business to have a 45% gross margin, at one point $7 billion of revenue at a 65% utilization rate. Post the fab capacity actions you’ve taken, are there new metrics you can give us just to help level-set, you know, as demand recovers, utilization recovers, where gross margins could go over the next year or two?
Thad Trent: Yes, I think I gave the data point earlier that every point of utilization is now 25 to 30 basis points of gross margin improvement. If you think about us today roughly at 60%, stepping down slightly in the second quarter in terms of utilization, you can do the math getting back up to 85%. I also gave the data point that we’re--the gross margins in Q2 are expected to be negatively impacted by 900 basis points of under-absorption, so as I said, the gross margin is going to be driven by utilization in the short term.
Quinn Bolton: Got it, but the standard, I guess then, utilization or standard gross margin would be about 46.5, right? If I take the midpoint of the range, add that 900, that’s where you would get back to as utilizations increase, but is that utilization getting back to 65%, 75%, or should we just use the 25 to 30 basis points of utilization and assume that’s pretty linear?
Thad Trent: Yes, that’s right. That’s right. The 25 to 30 basis points is the right move. The 900 basis points is assuming you get back to fully utilized, right, so that will take us a while to get there, but your math is absolutely right.
Quinn Bolton: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Gary Mobley with Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Hassane, you’ve highlighted a couple times the 50% win rate for silicon carbide based models introduced in the Shanghai Auto Show recently. It sounds very impressive, but maybe if you could just establish a little more context in terms of what market share position you’re coming from. Obviously that’s a huge market opportunity, so just sort of size the dollar impact that that could eventually translate into, and did you have to concede on pricing against some of the China suppliers to win that business?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, so first from a market share perspective, we do expect that 50% specifically in China, if you’ll notice, it’s the only EV market that is growing with the 800 volt focus, 800 volt battery which yields to a 1,200 volt silicon carbide device. We do maintain the share there, we see the share increasing. Obviously I’m not giving guidance on the dollars until the customers start ramping. We do see a big ramp in the second quarter already, and that will continue through the second half of the year, so we do see those programs ramping. When I say we see it in the backlog, we’re starting to prep for those shipments, so from a market penetration, I think we can say we have well penetrated the market. It is not a pricing discussion. It is more of a capability discussion. It’s not really competing with the local--you know, you mentioned China for China or local vendors for silicon carbide. Our competition in China specifically is really more with our standard peers, our global peers rather than the local, because we’re still ahead on performance I made the brief comment in the call, we introduced our trench-or sampled our trench, and we’re going to start to see as the new wave of these products to go to market will start revenue on our trench in 2026, so we have a very strong road map on silicon carbide. It is not specifically related to pricing, it is more on performance of the product, which ends up saving a ton of money for our customers on their system level side, whether it’s slower batteries or smaller system costs. That’s the reason we win, and like I said, we’ve maintained and increased our share in China, and we will continue to do that. It’s a big focus market for us.
Gary Mobley: Thanks Hassane. Just a quick follow-up, it sounds like, and correct me if I’m wrong, that opex could trend down maybe another $5 million per quarter off that $292.5 million base that you’re guiding to for the second quarter.
Thad Trent: Yes, that’s right - you’ll get about $5 million per quarter in Q3 and Q4.
Gary Mobley: Got it, thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes, hi Hassane and Thad. Just a quick question on the pricing side. Is that [indiscernible] pricing specific to ON or that what you see in the industry, and if you could give us some color on silicon versus silicon carbide [indiscernible], then I have a follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, I don’t know--I don’t believe the pricing is ON-specific. I think a lot of my peers have talked about it. A lot of my peers have talked about it in the context of the annual price negotiations and so on. I talk about it a little differently. I talk about it as a pocket of pricing in order to maintain or even increase our share, especially in the outlook given where most of our customers are. It’s not something specific, and it is not related to silicon or silicon carbide specifically. I’m not breaking it down to that, because we are using it as a tool. Now, one thing on the pricing as well, a lot of people fail to also look at along with any of these low single-digit pricing declines that we talked about, we’re working on cost improvements for our products as well, which are usually at that range or slightly above, so forward looking as we gain the share and we ramp, we are expecting to offset most of the pricing declines with cost actions. That’s why we feel comfortable doing it in the short term to maintain and grow the share, but in the long run we usually--we’ve always offset any pricing discussions with cost actions, and you’ve seen us do some of the cost actions today with the fab realignment or capacity realignment discussions that we’ve had. We’re going to continue to do that. I’m not seeing the concerning approach or a concerning sign. It doesn’t change our trajectory in the gross margin. We still have very strong gross margin expansion opportunities ahead of - that’s what we are setting up the company for, and as the market recovers, you’re going to start seeing all of that come through the P&L.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it, thanks. Just a quick follow-up - on the order side, the high single digit percent down sequentially, is that--are you seeing some headwinds from the auto tariffs or auto parts? Can you give us some more color around there? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look - we said we don’t have direct impact from the tariffs for our business. That’s the only thing I can comment on at this point, because the tariff is one day yes, one day no. It’s too soon to talk about any impact, indirect impact, meaning to us, therefore an impact to our customers. That’s too soon to call that. That’s where in our guide, we talked about we remain cautious based on what we know today There’s no direct impact, however there could be indirect impact, but that is a time-based question which I don’t have an answer to, therefore the best thing I can give you is our cautiousness in the guide and our outlook.
Thad Trent: We also haven’t seen any material pull ins or push outs as it relates to tariffs, so as Hassane said, no direct impact. Indirect over the long term, we’ll see what happens; but in the short term, we haven’t seen any customer activity that would give us concern.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it, thanks.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Your shipments to direct customers were better for the second consecutive quarter; in fact, over the past two quarters, your direct business is up 3% versus your disti business is down about 34%. Do your direct customers just have less excess inventory and therefore maybe you guys are shipping more towards consumption trends? Any color on the large divergence would be helpful.
Hassane El-Khoury: No, not really anything to read into that. A lot of our distribution business also, or half of our distribution business is going to customers that we deal with directly. The other half of our distribution is more on fulfillment, so I wouldn’t read a lot into it. But we did talk about some of the pockets of inventory subsiding as far as the inventory drain, which is translating into better than expected industrial and [indiscernible] of industrial. I look at all of these overall as a single outlook or single indication to where the markets are, but not specifically disti or direct.
Harlan Sur: I appreciate that. Then part of the weaker dynamic back in Q4 was a lower book of turns business. You saw better booking trends towards the end of this particular quarter, or the reported March quarter. Did that include your turns business, and what’s in your guidance for this quarter, June quarter, are you guys assuming similar, higher, lower turns percentage versus Q1?
Thad Trent: Yes Harlan, I would say we saw strength, right? We saw strength late in the quarter in terms of order patterns, right, and specifically on the industrial side of the house. As we look into Q2, we still need turns, right - I mean, I think customers are booking at lead times, just given the uncertainty, but we still need turns, and I would say it’s pretty consistent with how entered the first quarter as well, so no material change other than order patterns, I think have gotten a little more stable, a little more predictable.
Harlan Sur: Great, thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yes, thank you. I had a longer term question on Treo - Hassane, you reiterated the $1 billion for 2030, and you did talk about some design wins. Could you help us a little bit - you know, where are you getting these design wins, and could we start to see already some material revenue in Treo next year?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, that’s a good question. First off, our exposure with Treo is really very broad. I gave some examples that span from automotive, from AI data center, and from industrial, medical. The beauty of the platform is it’s very versatile as far as going from high performance analog to high power drivers and high power PMiX and so on, so overall we’re very pleased with the traction. I talked about we remain on track to double the number of products year-on-year - that remains on track and a focus for the team, and really we’re starting to ship revenue this year. As far as material revenue, of course, it’s a ramping business, ramping product revenue, and more importantly at more favorable margins. We talked about the margin profile for that Treo platform being 60% to 70% - that remains true as we start to ramp and will continue as we expand. As far as material revenue in 2026, obviously it’s going to be more material than it is this year, but material from a company. You’re still not going to see it at a company level given the scale of our other business, and other business is ramping as well. But where we are today, based on where we expect it to be, we’re on track, actually slightly ahead, but we’re very excited about the promise of the franchise that we’ve built.
Tore Svanberg: Yes, thank you for that color. As my follow-up for Thad - Thad, capex 6% of revenue this quarter, with the new footprint, how should we think about capex for the second half of the year?
Thad Trent: Yes, for the whole year, there’s some lumpiness, right, in terms of the capex, just based on timing of equipment coming in; but most of our capex now is just maintenance capex, so for the year, you should think about capex as being in that mid-single digit percentage of revenue. With the lower capital intensity, this is what’s giving us confidence in the free cash flow and why we’re increasing our buyback to 100% of free cash flow.
Tore Svanberg: Great, thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from David Williams with The Benchmark Company. Your line is open.
David Williams: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess first is can you give us a revenue run rate to get to that full capacity utilization, just given what you’ve taken out this quarter?
Thad Trent: Look, I don’t have a specific number as you think about it sitting here, because it’s going to depend on internal versus external. I think if you model the downside of as capacity came out or utilization decreased, it’s likely the same going up. We manufacture about 70% of our products in-house, but I think it’s going to be very linear as revenue increases, but I don’t have a top line because it depends on mix. If higher value products are ramping first, that will have a different impact than lower ASP products, but I think from a modeling standpoint, you should just look at the downside and the upside is very similar.
David Williams: Thanks for the color there. Then just secondly, and I think Hassane, you spoke to this earlier, but just wondering what you’re seeing in terms of the silicon carbide competitive dynamics within the domestic market in China. It sounds like we’re seeing more of that, but just kind of curious how you’re seeing that. Obviously your performance is better, but how do you think this plays out over the next 12 to 18 months? Could we see that shift back into maybe the more domestic side, given the tariff situation? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, I don’t think we are in the same bucket as some of the locals. The local, they’re not really competing at the stage where we are with our customers. I mentioned most of our competition are the global peers, not really the local. Now, is there going to be, just like IGBT, a small sliver in the market that’s really not looking for performance but just an on/off switch, that would potentially use the local? Yes, but that’s not really a focus market for us. Where we play, which is really performance especially as the automotive OEMs in China want to compete on a global scale, which most of them do, they’re going to be focusing really on performance, really on integration and system-level performance impact, which is really us, and we come in the lead. We’re seeing that in the--I mentioned on the 50% penetration, just based on the Shanghai Auto Show from a few weeks ago, so with that, it gives me comfort. Now obviously, we’re not sitting still. I talked about introducing our trench, which is again yet a new generation for us versus the global peer and versus the local vendors in China, so we’re not standing still from R&D. As they develop their local solutions, we’re going to maintain our technology leadership. It is not a question of tariffs in this case because, as you know, our silicon carbide is manufactured outside of the U.S. from a global footprint as well, and our flexibility in our supply chain gives us a lot of options to serve the customers, but most of the decision at a customer level is really made on technology and our performance. That’s how we’ve always won, and that’s how we continue to win.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks for squeezing me in, guys. Hassane, perhaps just back to your last answer there, just as we think about potential reciprocal tariffs, you were talking about flexibility in your footprint. Some people have a China for China strategy. How do you serve China without these reciprocal tariffs, and do you increase a fab-less relationship in country? I know you deal with SMIC [ph], I think, do you increase that relationship? What is the flexibility that you do have to address reciprocal tariffs in China, let’s say?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, so first, I don’t want to ponder on what the tariff could or could not be, given just the volatility of the tariff situation one day versus the other. I will give you what we are doing, which is what we control. First off, we are in China and we do have manufacturing in China. We have a couple of our sites--manufacturing sites are actually in China. We do have foundry relationships, so we are not looking at China from the outside. We’re looking at China from the inside, so therefore for me, I’m not worried about the impact of it. We have a lot of--19 factories total globally. It gives us full flexibility. Most of our products are qualified in more than one location, which means from servicing the customers, whether a customer is in China or a customer in China that would export, we are very well positioned for it. Of course, we’re always looking at our strategic footprint, whether we do something specifically in China or not, but there has to be a strategic need for it, not just in reaction to a tariff that may or may not be there. We look at it from a technology perspective, we look at it from a competitive advantage perspective. We do feel very competitive with our existing footprint and we’ll continue to address that.
Christopher Rolland: Thank you for that. As a second question, just as I look at disti inventory, this is the lowest level of disti inventory you guys have had in quite some time. I’m just wondering, is there a change in strategy here or is it just a reflection of the softer outlook? How do you guys know that this is the right level, and I would think given the macro uncertainty, your distis would also want more geographic-based inventory and flexibility there, so why drain the channel at this point in time? Is this where we’re going to hold these inventory levels?
Hassane El-Khoury: No, so if you think about it from a weeks of inventory, we are where we want it to be - that’s our sweet spot. I said we are focused on 9 to 11 weeks, and we’ll go up or down depending on if we have a ramp in the following quarter or not, so we’ll manage the business within that range. As far as the dollars, we’ve always said we maintain very high discipline on disti inventory. I’ll tell you distribution will take more inventory from us, but however what we are waiting on is really sustainable recovery. We’ve seen starts of it, so as the top line revenue grows into the outlook, then we will continue to feed the inventory in the channel to service the customer. But for us, it is a customer focused effort. I mentioned earlier 50% of our distribution is what we call named customers, so we do have outlook, we do have forecasts, and we do have really backlog from these customers directly, whether we service them through distribution or not. We don’t see that as, call it a strategic drain of inventory but more of a management of the inventory with the outlook that we see and the macro environment. From a dollar perspective, that very well can change as we see more sustainable signs of recovery, but you can expect the weeks of inventory to remain in that range that we described.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks Hassane.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of today’s conference. I’d like to turn the call back over to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO for any closing remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you for joining us on the call this morning. As we navigate the rest of this year, on behalf of the executive team, I’d like to express my gratitude to our global employees, our customers and our shareholders for their commitment and dedication to Onsemi. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does include today’s presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ON Semiconductor Corporation fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you need to press star one one on your telephone. You will then hear an automated message advising your hand is raised. To withdraw your question, please press star one one again. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Core Development, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Good morning, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's fourth quarter and full year 2024 results conference call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO, and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast along with our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings release will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call and the recorded website will be available for approximately thirty days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and a discussion of certain limitations when using non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, are described in our most recent Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the fourth quarter and full year 2024. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements might change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions, or other events that may occur except as required by law. Now, let me turn it over to Hassane.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call. 2024 marked the fourth year of our transformation journey. Transformation that began by focusing our efforts where we add value: intelligent power and sensing technologies. We've invested in differentiated products to win with disruptive innovation and the high-growth megatrends of automotive, industrial, and AI data centers. We streamlined manufacturing through our Fabrite strategy and improved operational efficiencies in doing so. Market conditions aside, and I'll get to those, I'm proud of the hard work our worldwide teams continue to put in, and I want to thank everyone for their tenacity amid what continues to be a very difficult environment. We remain committed to our winning formula and have demonstrated resilience in our business model, delivering non-GAAP gross margin of 45.5% against revenue of $7.1 billion for the full year. As for the market environment, demand declined late in the quarter and continued into January, resulting in fourth-quarter revenue of $1.72 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 45.3%, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.95. Regional revenue declined sequentially except North America, which remained flat, with Japan seeing the sharpest decline. Quarter-on-quarter declines were driven primarily by our non-core market segments. Amid a backdrop of end-market softness and geopolitical uncertainty, inventory digestion persists across our key end markets. Our stance has not changed. We are prioritizing value; we will not play in highly volatile price-sensitive markets. We are maintaining the integrity of our value proposition and positioning ourselves for profitable growth in the future. Our fourth-quarter automotive revenue increased 8% sequentially, driven by China, followed by North America. Results were driven by share gains and new customer ramps. China grew 18% quarter over quarter, and while Q4 was up, an early Chinese New Year and extended shutdown period have already impacted January EV deliveries from the top China-based automakers. Demand from all other regions weakened towards the end of the fourth quarter, which continued into Q1. In the US, tier ones have been impacted by lower global auto demand than expected in the fourth quarter, along with slower EV ramp than anticipated. Entering Q1, we expect persisting volatility due to the geopolitical uncertainty across all geographies as our customers assess their manufacturing footprints and the impact of tariffs. We are monitoring the demand signals of EV adoption given the uncertainty around EV tax credits and slowing infrastructure deployment. In Europe, EV demand weakened in Q4, with new vehicle registrations dropping 10% month over month in December. Our industrial revenue decreased 5% sequentially, with weakness in the traditional parts of the business. The PMI across all major regions remained weak, and the slowdown in manufacturing activity was further compounded by ongoing inventory digestion, and we expect the weakness to persist into 2025. Smaller but growing parts of the business that we don't break out are AI data center and aerospace and defense, where revenue grew more than 40% and 50%, respectively. In silicon carbide, our fourth-quarter revenue increased sequentially, resulting in a 22% increase for the second half over the first half of 2024. For the full year, revenue declined slightly from 2023 as programs did not ramp at the expected levels. We remain focused on executing our strategy. We have delivered on our 200-millimeter technology development and sampled customers. We are balancing our internal versus external substrate supply, and we are winning with the market movers by pushing the boundaries of innovation. The performance of our silicon carbide enables us to deliver optimized system performance while lowering the total cost of ownership to our customers without eroding the value of our solutions. In China, we continue to win based on performance, and we expect to gain share in the silicon carbide TAM as the transition to 800-volt batteries continues. Furthering our strategy of delivering the complete powertrain for automotive, industrial, and AI data centers, we closed the acquisition of Corbus Silicon Carbide junction field-effect transistor business. The SiC JFET portfolio complements our elite SiC power solutions and is the most competitive technology to get the energy efficiency in power density and power supply units for AI data centers. It is a high-voltage play in AI data centers, and as power levels in these systems are nearly doubling, AC to DC conversion for UPS and PSUs is transitioning from silicon solutions to silicon carbide. We expect the JFET to continue to replace the incumbent superjunction technologies in PSUs as the need for smaller footprint, better performance, and lower cost continues to increase. In terms of silicon carbide, revenue growth and AI design wins for the hyperscalers started to ramp in the fourth quarter, and we expect our SiC JFET and SiC MOSFET revenue to continue to grow in 2025. The acquisition of this highly capable team and technology also accelerates our readiness for emerging markets such as EV battery disconnects and solid-state circuit breakers. We expect this portfolio to unlock a $1.3 billion TAM with a 30% revenue CAGR through 2030. Despite the current environment, we remain committed to our long-term strategic goals, and we continue to invest in disruptive innovation to drive profitable growth and to emerge stronger from this downturn. In November, we introduced the most advanced analog and mixed-signal platform for intelligent power and sensing solutions. Our new Treo platform, built on leading-edge BCD 65-nanometer technology for high performance and advanced features, supports the industry's widest voltage range of 1 to 90 volts for unmatched integration. The Treo platform embodies our strategy of prioritizing high-value products and will accelerate our portfolio proliferation to unlock a $36 billion TAM opportunity at up to 70% gross margins. The modular architecture of the platform is enabling us to sample products faster. This year, we will start to reap the benefits of the investments we've already made in the technology and capacity at our East Fishkill fab. As we ramp up revenue and double the number of products available on the market, customer reaction has been very positive. They are taking advantage of the level of integration and accelerated time to market for applications such as Ethernet for automotive zonal architecture, ultrasonic sensing for ADAS park assist, and high-efficiency power management for AI data centers, and they are actively designing Treo-based devices into their next-generation platforms. As we look ahead to 2025, visibility is very limited, and customers are taking a wait-and-see approach in a backdrop of geopolitical uncertainty. We will continue to focus on what we can control. We are taking this opportunity to review our portfolio and further rationalize based on the value we bring. We will optimize our manufacturing footprint, improve our cost structure, and we will control spending by focusing on efficiency through automation while we continue to invest in R&D to support our long-term growth. Our actions will position us to better benefit from a market recovery while supporting our long-term strategy. Let me now turn it over to Thad to give you more detail on our results and approach going into 2025.
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. As Hassane mentioned, despite the downturn, our 2024 results demonstrate our team's relentless pursuit of operational excellence to drive cost efficiencies in a weak market environment. Their efforts allow us to maintain gross margin at 45.5% against revenue of $7.1 billion and to generate $1.2 billion of free cash flow, a 3x increase year over year. Our proactive approach to prudent cost management and capacity planning has proven to be the right strategy to deliver better results than the company has ever achieved in similar market conditions. Looking to 2025 and beyond, we believe rightsizing the organization will benefit the company in the long term. These structural changes should position us to expand gross and operating margins and generate strong cash flow in the future. We are moving aggressively and with urgency on the following actions. We plan to further rationalize our manufacturing footprint and reduce excess capacity through our Fabrite strategy. These actions will reduce our underutilization absorption as we lower our fixed cost structure. We expect to see the results of these actions to positively impact the income statement in late 2025 and continue driving margin expansion towards our long-term target by providing greater leverage in our business model as the market recovers. We will make structural changes across the company to reduce our operating expenses. We are exploring a number of options, including rationalization of our product headcount reductions and potential site closures. We expect to see a meaningful impact of these actions as early as the second quarter. We will continue R&D investments in differentiated high-margin products to support our long-term growth. And we will focus on free cash flow generation in 2025 as we manage working capital tightly and reduce capital spending to our revised intensity target of mid-single-digit percentage range in 2025. We generated $422 million of free cash flow in Q4, a 39% sequential increase. We're committed to our long-term target of returning 50% of free cash flow to shareholders through our share repurchase program, and in 2024, we exceeded it by returning 54% or approximately $650 million. This includes $200 million of share repurchases in the fourth quarter, and there is approximately $1.7 billion remaining on our repurchase authorization. Turning to revenue for the fourth quarter, a slowdown in demand across all end markets resulted in revenue of $1.72 billion. Automotive and industrial accounted for 84% of revenue in the fourth quarter. Automotive revenue was $1.03 billion, which increased 8% sequentially, driven by programs that ramped in silicon carbide. Revenue for industrial was $417 million, down 5% sequentially. Inventory digestion persists, and we saw further degradation in the traditional parts of industrial, offset by pockets of growth in medical. Outside of auto and industrial, our other business declined 24% quarter over quarter and more than was seasonally expected. We've seen early signs of pricing pressures in pockets of these non-core end markets, which we will not pursue, and we will exit over time if the volatility returns to historical levels. Looking at the fourth-quarter split by the business units, revenue for the Power Solutions Group or PSG was $809 million, a decrease of 2% quarter over quarter and 16% year over year. Revenue for the Analog and Mixed Signal Group or AMG was $611 million, a decrease of 7% quarter over quarter and a decrease of 18% year over year. Revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group or ISG was $303 million, a 9% increase quarter over quarter. ISG revenue decreased 2% over the same quarter last year. Turning to gross margin in the fourth quarter, GAAP gross margin was 45.2% and non-GAAP gross margin was 45.3%, down 20 basis points sequentially and 140 basis points from the quarter a year ago. Manufacturing utilization decreased to 59% in Q4 as we aggressively took action late in the quarter to match our demand visibility. Now let me give you some additional numbers for your models. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $371 million as compared to $330 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $321 million compared to $306 million in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased sequentially due to the timing of R&D project expenses. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 23.7% and non-GAAP operating margin was 26.7%. Our GAAP tax rate was 14.2% and our non-GAAP tax rate was 16%. Diluted GAAP earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.88 as compared to $1.28 in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.95 as compared to $1.25 in Q4 of 2023. GAAP diluted share count was 430 million shares and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 426 million shares. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments were $3 billion with total liquidity of $4.1 billion, including $1.1 billion undrawn on a revolver. Cash from operations was $580 million, and free cash flow increased 39% sequentially to $422 million, representing 25% of revenue. For the year, we generated almost $1.2 billion of free cash flow. Capital expenditures during Q4 were $157 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 9%. Inventory was flat quarter over quarter on a dollar basis and increased by three days to 216 days. This includes 100 days of bridge inventory to support fab transitions in silicon carbide. We are nearing the completion of these strategic builds and expect this inventory to peak in the first half of 2025 as we ship and convert the inventory to cash. Excluding the strategic builds, our base inventory is at 115 days, which continues to be within our target range of 100 to 120 days. Distribution inventory declined $55 million, with weeks of inventory remaining relatively flat at 9.6 versus 9.7 weeks in Q3. Our plan to change the mix in the channel to support the mass market has resulted in an 18% increase in count year over year. We expect distribution weeks of inventory to be plus or minus ten weeks going forward. Let me provide you the key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the first quarter. As a reminder, today's press release contains a table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance. Given our visibility, we anticipate Q1 revenue will be in the range of $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be between 39% and 41%, with utilization declining to mid-50% in Q1. This includes share-based compensation of $7 million. At the midpoint of our guidance, approximately half of the quarter-on-quarter change in gross margin is attributable to the drop in revenue as the under absorption is calculated on a lower revenue number. An additional 100 basis points is due to unfavorable product mix, and the remainder is driven by lower utilization, which now drives a 20 to 25 basis point impact for every 100 basis points of utilization at these lower utilization levels. This change is due to the higher fixed cost as a portion of total factory cost. As the market recovers and utilization improves, we will see significant leverage in our gross margin as these costs dissipate and we recognize the benefit of our Fabrite cost reductions. Moving on to non-GAAP operating expenses, we expect OpEx to be in the range of $313 million to $328 million, including share-based compensation of $31 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP other income to be a net benefit of $14 million, with our interest income exceeding interest expense. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 16%, and our non-GAAP diluted share count is expected to be 425 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.45 to $0.55. We expect capital expenditures in the range of $110 million to $150 million. As you can see, we are not standing still. The structural changes we plan on making will position us to react quickly and favorably to changing market conditions. We believe electrification, AI data center, and renewable energy are still the major growth drivers for our industry over the next decade. And we remain confident our technology and innovations in these markets will allow us to capitalize on those trends. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Kevin to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question or a comment at this time, please press star one one on your telephone. If your question has been answered and you wish to remove yourself from the queue, please press star one one again. We will pause for a moment while we compile our Q&A roster. Our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. First question, I want to get into the structural versus cyclical side. You guys have been conservative for quite some time on a cyclical basis, probably one of the first ones. But, yeah, the magnitude of this drop is very, very significant. Hassane, I know you talked about late in the quarter things kind of fell apart from a demand perspective, but how much of this do you believe to be ON Semiconductor Corporation specific versus the end market? And just from a revenue basis, are you at all concerned that the structural end market portfolio or product portfolio be as resilient as you hoped?
Hassane El-Khoury: No. Look. I think that the big change in the precipitous drop, the one thing I can say that is ON Semiconductor Corporation specific is the non-core business that has seen the largest decline, and we've been very consistent not to play in that volatility. If you recall when we started the transformation, we had a big portion, call it, the $800 to $900 million of non-core business where we said we would exit, and we've exited about half of that. And we're seeing with that extended downturn, we're seeing more and more volatility in that pricing. But we remain consistent with our strategy that we're not going to play in this highly volatile market, and we're going to maintain the value of our products. Which is where we're investing. You know, think Treo, think silicon carbide, think in the medical and so on. All of these are where the growth is going to come from. And in the short term, as we see the volatility, we're not going to participate, yet we will choose to rationalize our portfolio further and match our capacity accordingly.
Thad Trent: And, Ross, I would add just the size of that business that Hassane is talking about, the non-core. It's, you know, roughly $350 to $400 million that is more volatile that, as this downturn extends, we will exit over time. Just to put a sizing to it.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for that, Thad. And then I guess along the lines of the sizing side of things, you talked about some of the structural actions you are going to take on the cost front as soon as Q2 and then some of the benefits potentially on the COGS side coming into the back half. Any sort of color as far as putting magnitudes around those?
Thad Trent: No. Not at this point. We're still working on the plans. We'll give updates throughout the quarter as we solidify those plans. So expect some updates as we go. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Just first kind of few clarifications. So Q1, what are you expecting for the sequential segment trends in automotive and industrial segments? And I think you mentioned something unfavorable in the mix. And then any early look at Q2 seasonality because Hassane, what everyone is obviously trying to guess is what is the path of recovery for ON Semiconductor Corporation from here.
Thad Trent: Yeah. So by end market, Vivek, automotive's going to be down the most. We think that's going to be probably 25% or more down sequentially. When you look at industrial and other, we think it's going to be down mid to high single-digit sequentially.
Hassane El-Khoury: You know, on the visibility side, you know, we're sticking with visibility of about a quarter. Of course, we have some looks into Q2, but it's too early to talk about seasonality in Q2. Given, really, the volatility and backdrop of geopolitical and tariffs. As early as over the weekend. So we're not going to be talking about Q2 yet as we get more and more visibility, we'll update then. But as far as recovery, look, I think I know what others have seen have said. It's a lot of the everybody's, you know, talking about, oh, the second half would be better than the first half and so on. It's the same string that everybody's pulling that they did in 2024. I don't subscribe to that. I subscribe to the data I see, and we're going to manage the company to the data we see. Because getting it at this point will just be upside for us as the market recovers. And I'd rather have that and be right in that aspect versus hope for a recovery, run the company. And if the recovery doesn't come, now you have a headwind. I'd rather all of that work that we do now, like Thad said, not standing still, to be a tailwind for us whether there's a recovery or not.
Vivek Arya: For my follow-up, Hassane, so if I look at Q1 automotive, I think you mentioned down 25%. So let's say $770 million or so. It is sort of reset back to mid-2022 levels. But, you know, it is still well above the levels we saw pre-COVID, right, which were in the $400 to $500 million quarterly range. What is the right baseline that we should have when we start to think about the automotive business for long periods of time? Because you have seen industrial businesses get reset back to much lower levels, but automotive is still above the 2019 levels. It's closer to 2022 levels. So how do you think about what is that right baseline? When was automotive at the right baseline level for us to project it? What have been the effects of LTSA's pricing? You know, content, EV, silicon carbide, etcetera. That'll help us project what your automotive business can be over the next several years as you start to normalize? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look. I think from looking forward, it's hard to talk about a baseline given all the changes that we've done to our portfolio, and you mentioned some of them. You know, the growth in silicon carbide, which is not just the growth in silicon carbide, but a mix shift even on the ASP side. You know, a silicon carbide module is a much higher dollar content than some, for example, the discrete we used to ship more of prior. So from a unit, you can expect, you know, unit decline, but revenue went up. So it's hard to get a baseline given how drastic our portfolio has shifted over the last even two to three years. But moving forward, you know, our long-term view, which remains consistent, you know, outside of the market environment today, our long-term view remains consistent, which is SAR plus call it, high to low teens. Oh, sorry. From high single-digit to low teens. That's the range over SAR. So which is what we're seeing. That, I would say, is the baseline that we are building to and the baseline we are investing to, which is both a mix shift into higher value products, especially as an example, we start introducing Treo. Which comes with a margin expansion as well towards our long-term target. So moving forward, that's how you can think about it. But it's hard to go backwards and talk about a baseline just because of the shift that we've done over the last few years.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much for taking the question. Hassane, I wanted to go back to the automotive outlook for Q1, down call it 25% sequentially. This outlook is much worse than many of your peers. I'm just curious what's driving the delta there. Is it pricing? Is there a non-core component within automotive? Any additional context or color there would be really helpful.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. So, of course, there's a non-core business component to it, as I mentioned. So that's built into the fourth quarter. But some of it is the silicon carbide, you know, we've always said silicon carbide quarter on quarter is lumpy. We've had a great second half. However, in China, it's all driven by China. China today is looking at the softer Q1. I think that's temporary, you know, as it digests the inventory that they built. It's not our inventory, but I'm talking about the vehicle inventory. We're monitoring that. You have an early Chinese New Year. Some of the Chinese customers have done an extended shutdown in order to absorb that inventory. So net-net, I don't worry about that quarter-on-quarter lumpiness as I look at it over a multi-quarter period. We're still gaining share both in China and some of the European names. I've said it before, you know, they're not ramping at the rate that we expected. But they're still ramping, which is what drove the second half of 2024. So quarter on quarter, you know, the number is what the visibility shows. But the structural changes in the business and the outlook remain unchanged.
Toshiya Hari: That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe one for Thad. You know, you talked about rationalizing your portfolio. You talked about reviewing your manufacturing footprint. As you draw up your forward strategy and your plans, is the aspiration to kind of hold on to the 2027 model that you guys shared with us a couple of years ago, you know, i.e., gross margins of 53%, operating margins of 40% or I mean, I realize the backdrop is very, very different at this point. So should we think about should we assume you guys are looking at sort of a different or updated long-term model at this point? Thank you.
Thad Trent: No. Look. We still remain committed to that 53% target. If you look at the gross margin, in the short term, it's all impacted by utilization. Right? I talked about the moving pieces, but utilization is the largest headwind that we have right now. Assuming the market recovers and, you know, we continue to execute on our Fabrite, we will rightsize our manufacturing to fit the size of the company here, and we don't need that top-line revenue that was in that original target, but we do remain committed to that 53% gross margin target. You look at the gross margin actions that we're taking now, it's primarily a lot of non-cash actions if you think about it. And it'll generate strong free cash flows as we think about this year and in 2026 and then obviously as we go into 2027 and hit that target. We believe we'll hit that. But even if you look at 2025 from a free cash flow standpoint, we believe we're going to hit that target model of free cash flow of 25% to 30%. In 2025 for the year. We achieved it in Q4 of 2024 with a 25% free cash flow margin, and we believe we'll continue to generate strong free cash flow going forward.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you so much.
Operator: One moment for our next question. The next question comes from Christopher Danely with Citi. Your line is open.
Christopher Danely: Hey. Thanks, guys. I guess for the rest of the year, how would you expect the auto versus the industrial growth to trend? Do you expect auto to recover after Q1 or no visibility at all?
Hassane El-Khoury: It's too early to talk about the rest of the year, to be honest with you. We know what designs we have. We know what designs we're ramping. You know, at this point, the shares have been gained. The designs have been qualified. It's purely an end-market demand right now.
Thad Trent: Yeah. And we do believe that we're still under-shipping natural demand. So at some point, you gotta come back to that level. It's just a matter of when.
Christopher Danely: That's fair. And then a question on silicon carbide. With this decline, are you guys reassessing your long-term target in silicon carbide as far as growth or margins go?
Hassane El-Khoury: No. Not on the margin because you can think about it. It's a demand. So as far as growth is concerned, you know, outside of the short-term lumpiness and the volatility and really the EV, our long-term growth, we aim to be the leaders in the market from a market share perspective. And we aim to run the highest profitability silicon carbide business we have given the innovations that we believe we bring to the table. So that remains unchanged. There will be some strategic reviews of the capacity. But overall, we're focused on that market, and that will remain a tailwind for us both on growth and margin.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I had two. I was kind of curious, I wanted to go back to the non-strategic business. You said $350 to $400 million. Just how much of that is in terms of the guidance for March, are you planning on some of that delta coming out in March, or is that something that would be on top of what you're seeing in March and would come out further in the year if you make those decisions?
Thad Trent: No, look, we think that if that business, if we do lose that business because of pricing, it'll happen over a multi-quarter period. So it's not all baked into Q1. It's further out into the year. And like I said, that will really be market-dependent at that point. We'll keep that business if it's good margin like it has been historically, but if the pricing continues to drop, we'll just let it wither away over time.
Blayne Curtis: Gotcha. And then I want to ask, the auto demand by geography. You actually were up in December. A lot of people saw China strength. I think you called it out. I'm just kind of curious if you can just talk about March demand by geography and auto?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. I think in general, we expect it to be down. I don't think we can call out, you know, relatively speaking, there are some regions that are better than others, but the growth that we've had was China, as I spoke about in my prepared remarks. And getting into Q1, you know, I highlighted the early Chinese New Year and the extended shutdown. So that's, again, a demand environment. We are in these sockets. We ramped in the fourth quarter. As customers sell through their inventory, meaning the inventory of cars, not our inventory with them, but the cars. As that inventory sells through, they will replenish, and we'll see the orders recover. So that's the uncertainty because it's purely a consumer confidence end game. As we get better visibility after the Chinese New Year, we will be able to get more clarity on how the rest of the year will be.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I also wanted to ask about the first-quarter gross margin. So you walked through the 100 basis points of unfavorable mix and then the new rule of thumb, you know, adding probably 100 to 150 basis points headwind as well. Can you sort of, I guess, provide more details on the remaining part of the sequential decline? And also, any more details you can give on what's specifically driving the unfavorable mix given, you know, it sounds like you're walking away from business as is. Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yeah. So starting with the gross margin, if you do the walk from Q4 to the midpoint of our guidance in Q1, and I said this in our prepared statement here. Roughly half of that decline is a calculation change in the under absorption. So if you think about the under absorption on a lower revenue number, that's driving half of that margin delta right there. 100 basis points from the unfavorable product mix. And then there's, you know, you do the math, it's roughly about 150 basis points from the underutilization as we drop utilization down further. The mix is just purely a product mix. You know, if you think about the long tail of customers that we talk about and some of these businesses, you know, that's what is remaining soft. Some of this industrial soft. So it's purely just a product mix unfavorability kind of in the short term here. We believe that over the long term that will come back as well. So if you think about, you know, whenever there's a recovery and revenue comes back, you will get that half of that delta just with the revenue increase because it's a pure calculation. That make sense, Josh?
Joshua Buchalter: Yeah. Thank you, Thad. And then for my follow-up, you mentioned sort of inventory levels coming down at your auto tier one customers. Any metrics you can give us on how much inventory you expect to strip out downstream at your tier ones and where levels, I guess, are now and where you expect them to be exiting the first quarter?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look. It's not really an industry response because every tier one, depending on their financial and the strength of their balance sheet, are taking a different approach to inventory. It's hard to get 100% visibility there. I mean, we work with customers as we see orders. Our priority is depleting. So we're not pushing inventory out. That's why Thad mentioned we believe we are well under-shipping demand. At some point, that will recover. However, the inventory levels at our customers are really directly correlated to what the demand is, and as demand deteriorated, you know, inventory looks elevated, and they will keep taking action. So it's kind of a moving target, but it is not industry-specific, you know. We have some tier ones we work with that have already achieved it. So we're already shipping through demand. But in general, there's still a lot of digestion across the industry.
Joshua Buchalter: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Yeah. Hi, Hassane and Thad. Just wondering when you look at the fab utilization, how that should play out over the next couple of quarters, I guess, after Q1, like, do you see that flat or maybe second half picking up, or is it in some trend?
Thad Trent: Well, like, utilization's all going to be demand-driven. Right? We said that in Q1, our utilization will drop to the mid-50% range from 59% here in Q4. So we've already taken that action. For what we can see right now, we'll kind of be running in that range plus or minus until we see demand recovery. Once we see the demand recovery, utilization will go up, and then there's, you know, the natural latency until you see gross margin improvement. That'll happen when we see the demand, the market recover.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And in terms of the silicon carbide outlook, I think you said it might be up year on year. Just wondering if any color around that and the backlog, how that's trending there as well? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: No. Like, the only comment I made is we're designed in. We gained the share. You know, you saw that in the strength getting into the second half of 2024. At this moment, 2025 is purely a demand. We're gaining share across all major customers. But at this point in time, it is what they will end up achieving from, call it, vehicle, EV vehicle sales we will ramp accordingly. But we're in a very good position with the customers. It's purely an end-demand commentary.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, thanks for the question, guys. Some others look like they're starting to see stabilization. And so I'm wondering about the delta there. Could this have been related to your emphasis on LTSAs? And with auto down, I imagine everyone's complying with LTSAs just given that drop. So do you think part of this kind of delayed response is around LTSAs? And then secondly, should we expect them to be renegotiated moving forward here?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. We don't believe so because our stance has been very consistent across even the last couple of years that we've been negotiating LTSAs. We've been negotiating LTSAs to match demand as closely as the visibility of the time. You know, some LTSAs have been negotiated multiple times. It's not something new that we're doing in Q1 of 2025 as a response. That's been a consistent and continuous effort that we have with the customer. On really landing onto a, what I call, the win-win. So I don't believe that's got those two are related. I don't think the LTSA call it amendment or negotiation has accelerated. We've been consistent throughout 2024 as we are with the customers trying to land to what the real demand environment is. Because what we did, and again, I've been very consistent with that. We're not going to overship demand just to adhere to the LTSAs. So your comment, you know, our customers abiding by the LTSAs, they are, but they're a change in the LTSAs over the last few quarters, call it, just to be able to land where they believe and we believe a healthy inventory digestion happens, in order for us to get back to what the natural demand is, has been our approach for the last few years. That remains our approach even into 2025.
Christopher Rolland: Excellent. And there was not a lot of discussion around image sensors. I'm just wondering how much of that auto weakness is related to image sensors. Is there anything to note in terms of pricing or competition or internalization in China? How would you classify image sensors overall?
Hassane El-Khoury: I think image sensors have been more stable. I wouldn't call anything up or down. Our approach for image sensors has been the same for the last few years. You know, we've been trimming our portfolio. We're not aiming to be, you know, number one market share with tortuous profits. Well, we've used shortages in the last few years because remember all that business is outsourced. What we've done over the last few years is refocus our efforts and refocus our image sensing business to what we call machine vision. Where the quality of the image sensor is where the value comes in. Because it's really processed directly by a machine versus an LCD. That's been ongoing. We're happy with the consistency of that business. We are ramping the eight-megapixel. So as the market shifts, but that business is, I would call it, more stable. We do see competition, and we're attacking it as we see fit. But again, just like I mentioned on the overall portfolio, we are focusing where we add value, not where we can just ship units.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks, Hassane.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Gary Mobley with Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. You were clear on your messaging with respect to non-core products and the pricing pressures in that particular, you know, product group. But maybe if you could talk about pricing trends for some of the core products. I presume you just went through annual price negotiations. Perhaps you can give us an update on pricing trends there for the vast majority of your business.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look. I think what people refer to as the annual price negotiation, which is a Q4 negotiation with an impact in Q1, we're not seeing that. Are there benefits and efficiencies that we have done in our product? You know, we've talked about our Fabrite, talked about taking cost out of the products. Of course, as we do that, customers see some of that benefit as our margin expands from a call it, standard margin. If I take out the underutilization that Thad walked you through, I focus really when I talk about the value of the products. I focus on our standard margin taking out the manufacturing underutilization in the short term. If I look at that, that's been very consistent. Because we are offsetting whatever discussions we have with the customer. We're offsetting it with efficiencies of our own internally. Those I wouldn't call pricing negotiation. Those are efficiencies because the typical pricing negotiation that you're referring to, look, there's no demand out there. So you give price reduction just for the heck of it? Then you end up with a gross margin headwind and no additional demand. There's no demand elasticity based on proprietary products, which is where our focus has been. But from an efficiency perspective, of course, we are working with customers to support their transition to our new products as we gain those efficiencies. But net-net, it's good for margin and good for the customer.
Gary Mobley: Okay. That's my follow-up. I want to ask about silicon carbide wafer sourcing. The market overall for devices, you know, clearly underperformed by expectations in 2024. And there seems to be more adequate supply of raw wafers coming from China. So any update on your internal sourcing of raw and epi wafers, whether that be internal or external?
Hassane El-Khoury: No. We've been, well, we do both internal and external. We have a lot of sources qualified externally. And we will manage the transition internal-external. As far as mix, you know, there's the first, what you have to think about is the certainty of supply in a backdrop of geopolitical uncertainty. If you take that out, we are basically balancing our internal and external. We have qualified both internal and external. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've qualified 200-millimeter, but we've qualified the 350-micron thick substrates, which is state of the art today from a silicon carbide wafer thickness. And those are running in the fab, and we've sampled customers. So from an execution perspective, we're on track. From a mix perspective, we have full flexibility. We believe we're in the best of both worlds where we can do internal, external, and we will continue to refine the mix between internal, external as we proceed through 2025 and as we get some stability and clarity in the geopolitical environment.
Gary Mobley: Thanks, Hassane.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Joe Moore with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joe Moore: Thanks for taking the question. The $350 to $400 million price-sensitive revenue that you're thinking about this year, are there any end markets or geographies in particular that we should think about as being more price-sensitive or more aggressive there?
Hassane El-Khoury: No. I think it's more of a product rather than a region. What I mean by that is more market products. Now it could be that some of these markets are more skewed to a region, but we don't look at it as a region. We don't have local pricing practices based on region. We look at it as a product and end markets. So that's kind of how I look at the non-core revenue.
Joe Moore: Got it. That's helpful. And then I think in your deck, you talked about AI data center revenue growing more than 40% in 2024. Wondering how you're thinking about the growth opportunity in 2025 with the potential acceleration from the JFETs business.
Hassane El-Khoury: We expect that business to continue to grow as we, you know, we've had some penetration in the second half of 2024. Of course, that will continue to grow on an annual basis. We do have some platforms that we are designed in, and those will start adding up to the 2025. So we're on beat with the design cycle in that market. With our new products, and we're looking forward, our Treo platform will start getting us faster beat so we can do more and more aggressive portfolio introductions for that. But we're in a good spot today. That growth will continue in 2025.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. I had a question about gross margin. When the recovery comes, should we still think about the 20 to 25 basis points in improvement per utilization? Well, per increase in utilization. And that I assume that that's sort of a comment prior to some of these site changes that you are considering.
Thad Trent: Yeah. That's right. And you should think about the 20 to 25 as, you know, from here, you know, up to low 60. Right? After that, go back to the 15 to 20 basis points. Right? As you just get the scale there. So the change there was the fact that our fixed costs are becoming a larger percent of the overall factory cost. You can only cut so much variable cost. Right? And so we're kind of getting down when you're stepping down into the 50% range. You're, you know, you're kind of hitting up against that. So get to a point where you get you start to get some scale, and then we go back to the 15 to 20 basis points. Similar to the numbers we've given you in the past. But, yes, that is all based on current capacity.
Tore Svanberg: Great. That's very helpful. And as my follow-up on Treo, how should we sort of track the financial success of that business? Are you going to be, you know, perhaps sharing with us your revenue associated with that business or the impact of gross margin in any given quarter? Just trying to understand financially how we should track the success of Treo.
Hassane El-Khoury: No. The intent for me is to give you kind of the updates as we report on, call it, the early milestone because those are the leading indicators. So what you'd expect is, you know, product introductions, confirmation of the margin profile, and, you know, maybe at some point, depending on the customer and their willingness, is a joint announcement with customers as they design it in. We have customers, as I mentioned, that will start to ramp in 2025. So first revenue is actually going to happen. But don't expect to update, you know, on a quarterly beat or on an annual beat at that level of granularity.
Tore Svanberg: That's helpful. Thank you, Hassane.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Hassane and Thad. I had two qualitative ones for you. I think earlier you mentioned that you're still under-shipping relative to your true demand. So I was curious if you could give us an idea, you know, starting off with the guide that you gave for the March quarter, if you were just to kind of give us an idea of what's your true demand estimate is. In other words, how much are you under-shipping, or what is the market able to take for your best guess if you were not to under-ship?
Hassane El-Khoury: That's a hard one because unless you have 100% visibility of what the inventory is at the cost by customer, but also demand is a moving target. You know, demand has not stabilized as we've talked about, and I think some of my peers have talked about. But, you know, different peers talk about different end markets. But I think what's consistent across the board is demand has not really landed and stabilized. So as that's a moving target, inventory remains, or inventory levels that the customers would like to achieve, remains a moving target. That's why when we talk about, you know, at some point, it has to snap back, and we'll see that when we get there. But today, we're just managing to what we can see. And while making sure we don't over-ship, but, you know, back to the LTSA question, which is the reason we keep negotiating the LTSA. We want to make sure we are at or below demand in order to accelerate to the extent we can, the inventory burns so we do get to a normalized view soon.
Harsh Kumar: I got it. Okay. And then I wanted to ask you about one of your neighboring companies in Arizona also. They supposedly had some of the worst inventory problems, and they guide posting as bad as perhaps yours. I mean, neither the automotive nor the total guide. And I was curious what to put you, I'm not asking you to comment on their business, but I'm trying to understand, I guess what I'm trying to say is are you trying to pad for some level of decline that you're building in based on your judgment, or are you strictly giving us a guide based on what you see?
Hassane El-Khoury: It's purely based on what I can see. I don't give guide, and I'm not running the company based on what peers have done. Of course, I look at what peers have done across, you know, the quarter and across their earnings and what they look at. But everything you get from me is purely in context of ON Semiconductor Corporation. Because everybody has a different portfolio. Everybody has a different strategy. So I can't really peg anything to it. However, what I would say is from an inventory, and the inventory I can't control. From an internal inventory and DC inventory, our internal inventory, you know, clicked up in days, but in dollars, consistent. So we have been very disciplined about maintaining and not letting our inventory get out of line. So the margin that you see is a pure margin, not inflated by an inventory build at all. So that's point number one where our discipline comes in. From a disti, you've also seen us be very consistent on our disti. Actually, the distribution inventory in Q4 dropped $55 million. So we drained as we saw the softness in Q4, towards the end of Q4, we took decisive action and we reduced disti inventory by $55 million in the quarter. So the inventory that we have visibility and the ones we control, we are very disciplined. Again, so when we see a recovery happen, we turn on manufacturing, utilization goes up, revenue goes up, and margin will go up accordingly. That's what we're running the company to achieve, and that's why we'll continue to focus on the stuff that we can control.
Harsh Kumar: That's fair. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of today's conference call. I'd like to turn the call back over to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO, for any further remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. I want to thank our worldwide employees again for their perseverance through this downturn. Remaining focused on operational excellence and innovation will enable us to continue to drive value for our customers and shareholders and emerge stronger than we were going into this. We intend to provide additional information on our progress at a future date. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the onsemi Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call over to Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal : Thank you, Tanya. Good morning and thank you for joining onsemi's Third Quarter 2024 Quarterly Results Conference call. I am joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on The Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast along with our 2024 third quarter's earnings release will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and the discussion of certain limitations when using non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are described in our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the third quarter of 2024. Our estimate or other forward-looking statements might change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions, or other events that may occur except as required by law. Now let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury : Thank you, Parag. Good morning, and thanks to everyone for joining us on the call. Our third quarter results once again demonstrated the structural changes we have made to the business with revenue, gross margin, and earnings per share all above the midpoint of our guidance. With a sharp focus on execution and operational excellence, we have delivered on our commitments, amid continued softness in the market. Over the last several quarters, we've talked about an L-shaped recovery, and as expected, the demand environment remains muted with ongoing inventory digestion and slow end-demand. Our outlook for all markets remains unchanged as uncertainty persists among our customers. Automotive continues to be soft with slowing EV sell-through. Industrial, which slowed first, has not broadly recovered except for pockets in utility-scale solar and aerospace and defense. Regionally, China and Japan are recovering with strengths in XEVs, but North America and Europe remain soft in both automotive and industrial. Despite the current slowdown, we are confident in our strategy. We are in the markets that matter, the fastest growing segments of the automotive, industrial, and AI data center that will continue to outpace the growth of the semiconductor market overall and we are committed to delivering value to our customers through product and system-level innovation. The breadth and performance of our portfolio continues to be a differentiator enabling us to optimize energy efficiency for our customers' applications as a one-stop source for intelligent power and sensing solutions. In Q3, our silicon carbide revenue increased sequentially, driven by utility-scale solar and share gains in China BEVs. Outside of China, although programs went into production, the sell-through is expected to be below our forecast for the second half of this year. We will continue to cautiously monitor and demand to avoid building inventory on our customer shelves that would impact 2025. For the full year 2024, we don't expect meaningful market growth as third-party reports would suggest. We expect our silicon carbide revenue to be in the low to mid-single digit growth over 2023. On the technology development front, we have qualified our 200 millimeter M3e silicon carbide ahead of schedule. Our 8-inch wafers are running in the fab at 350 micron thickness and yields are equivalent to those on our 6-inch wafers. We are sampling from both internal and external sources for substrates. We remain very deliberate with our silicon carbide strategy. We are focused on vertically integrating up where our advanced packaging solutions deliver system optimization for our customers. We will participate where we are differentiated and where our margin levels match the value we provide to our customers. In automotive, China is driving the pace of innovation and leading the transition to 800-volt architectures where silicon carbide is critical to enabling faster charging, extended range, and better energy efficiency in vehicles. Our 1200-volt M3e silicon carbide is well positioned to be used in China's extended range electric vehicles, as they transition to 800-volt architectures where a small internal combustion engine can recharge the battery. We expect to exit the year with approximately 50% of China's best silicon carbide market share based on our design win activity, as we continue to broaden our penetration with the top OEMs. In industrial we lead the market with our silicon carbide portfolio. Our industrial SiC customer count over the last four quarters increased 17% as compared to the previous four quarters. Beyond silicon carbide, we have been investing in the performance of our power portfolio to address emerging trends in renewable energy. Global solar installations are expected to reach 552 gigawatts in 2024 versus 433 gigawatts in 2023 at a 27% year-on-year increase and global energy storage system installation are expected to reach 178 gigawatts with a year-over-year increase of 69%. We continue to gain momentum in these markets based on the leading performance and power density realized using our high-density F5BP IGBT and hybrid SiC and IGBT modules we announced in the quarter. We are designed in with the four of the top five utility-scale manufacturers with our latest generation of Field Stop 7 modules delivering application optimized solutions that increase power density and efficiency with voltages ranging from 650 to 1200 volts. Our intelligent sensing business grew 11% quarter-over-quarter with strength in ADAS and industrial imaging across a range of applications, such as machine vision, robotics, and scanning. We are proliferating our portfolio to access new industrial applications, enabling our customers to select and optimize the feature set for their needs. Over the last year we have released 10 new image sensors across four product families and we are getting traction and applications that include medical imaging, biometrics, autonomous mobile robots, and automated guided vehicles to name a few. Our 5 and 8-megapixel Hyperlux LP image sensors, for example, are an excellent choice for entry level 4K video surveillance camera. With industry leading low power, low light sensitivity, and wake on motion. In 2025, we plan to introduce a new family or image sensors to further broaden our offering. We've also received positive feedback from our customers and channel partners on the SWIR technology, we acquired last quarter. This differentiated technology enables us to expand our industrial offering into agriculture, medical imaging, inspection and aerospace and defense applications. In data centers, we have a tremendous opportunity as we expect the power delivery market for enterprise, cloud, and AI servers to double from $2.2 billion in 2024 to $4.4 billion by 2028. As power requirements in racks continue to scale from 40 kilowatts to 120 kilowatts, we expect our addressable content per rack to continue to increase. We have invested in this space through the downturn, delivering a silicon and silicon carbide portfolio capable of meeting the ever-increasing demands of AI data centers across the entire power tree. We have released multi-phase controllers, which combine with our industry-leading smart power stages to deliver full VCore solutions to power NVIDIA and ARM-based CPUs. We continue to gain traction with our T10 PowerTrench MOSFETs, eFuse, Point of Load, and VCore products, securing design wins with three of the top four hyperscalers in North America, which are expected to contribute to revenue in 2025. We have also been investing to broaden our portfolio of analog mixed signal products and we look forward to Electronica next month when we plan to share more detail about our new portfolio. Let me now turn it over to Thad to give you more details on our results.
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. Our team's focus on execution and operational excellence in the face of ongoing market challenges delivered another quarter for revenue, gross margin and earnings per share were above the midpoint of our guidance. Q3 free cash flow increased 41% sequentially as we achieved our CapEx target ahead of schedule, with our capacity expansion largely behind us. The consistency of our results demonstrate the resilience we have built in our business model. We remain focused on high-growth megatrends, optimizing our manufacturing footprint, and we're investing to lead the market where we can add value for our customers. These structural improvements continue to deliver better results than the company was able to achieve in prior downturns. If we dive into revenue for the third quarter, we saw broad-based softness offset by silicon carbide growth, which resulted in a 2% sequential increase to $1.76 billion. As Hassane mentioned, inventory digestion persists across our business groups in automotive and industrial, which accounted for 79% of our revenue. Automotive revenue was $951 million, which increased 5% sequentially, driven by silicon carbide and ADAS image sensors. We continue to see softness in [end-demand] (ph), but content gains driven by silicon carbide in China are driving our growth in this market. As compared to the third quarter of 2023, automotive revenue was down 18%. Revenue for Industrial was $440 million, down 6% sequentially and 29% year-over-year. We saw pockets of growth in utility-scale solar and our aerospace and defense business, while the traditional industrial remained relatively stable in the third quarter. We have recently received trusted foundry accreditation at our East Fishkill fab, which will allow us to expand our aerospace and defense business. Looking at the split between the business units. Revenue for the Power Solutions Group, or PSG, was $829 million a decrease of 1% quarter-over-quarter and 23% year-over-year. Revenue for the Analog and Mixed Signal Group, or AMG was $654 million, an increase of 1% quarter-over-quarter and a decrease of 16% year-over-year. Revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group or ISG, was $279 million, an 11% increase quarter-over-quarter driven by ADAS. ISG revenue decreased 15% over the same quarter last year. GAAP gross margin was 45.4% and non-GAAP gross margin was 45.5% compared to 45.3% in Q2 and 47.3% in the quarter a year ago. We have maintained our gross margin above the mid-40% and improved it by 20 basis points over Q2, with utilization remaining flat at 65%. As a reminder, in prior downturns, our gross margin had been around 30% at these utilization levels. As we continue to drive efficiencies across the company through our Fab Right strategy, we are well-positioned to benefit from gross margin expansion once the market begins to recover. As I mentioned earlier, our investments in capacity expansion are largely behind us. We now expect our capital intensity target to be in the mid-single-digit percentage range for 2025 and beyond, as compared to our previous target of 11%. This is the result of the excellent work our manufacturing teams have done to improve our efficiencies across our network. This new CapEx target includes the brownfield investments in the Czech Republic we anticipate making over a multi-year period. Lowering our capital intensity will increase free cash flow margin towards our targeted 25% to 30%. We also remain committed to our long-term target of returning 50% of free cash flow to shareholders. Over the last 12 months, we have returned 75% of free cash flow with $200 million in share buybacks in the third quarter. Since initiating our $3 billion share repurchase program in February of 2023, we have returned just over $1 billion to our shareholders. Now let me give you some numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $354 million as compared to $344 million in the third quarter of 2023. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $304 million compared to $322 million in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating expenses were lower than the midpoint of our guidance due to active cost control and lower variable compensation. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 25.3%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 28.2%. Our GAAP tax rate was 11.5%, and non-GAAP tax rate was 16%. Diluted GAAP earnings per share for the second quarter was $0.93 as compared to $1.29 in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.99 as compared to $1.39 in Q3 of 2023. And GAAP diluted share count was 432 million shares, and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 428 million shares. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments was $2.8 billion with total liquidity of $3.9 billion, including $1.1 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $466 million, and free cash flow increased 41% sequentially to $294 million, representing 17% of revenue. Capital expenditures during Q3 were $172 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 10%. Inventory increased by $18 million sequentially and decreased by 1 day to 213 days. This includes 100 days of bridge inventory to support fab transitions in the silicon carbide ramp. Excluding these strategic bills, our base inventory decreased sequentially by $32 million or 4 days to 113 days, which continues to be within our target range of 100 to 120 days. Our mass market customer count grew 15% year-over-year in the third quarter, as we have been increasing inventory in the distribution channel to support this growth. Distribution weeks of inventory were 9.7 versus 8.9 weeks in Q2, and we expect distribution inventory to increase to 10 weeks plus or minus in Q4, as we continue to see this long tail of high-margin customers. Looking forward, let me give you some key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the fourth quarter. Given the current macro environment and our demand visibility, we anticipate Q4 revenue will be in the range of $1.71 billion to $1.81 billion. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be between 44% and 46% with flat to slightly down utilization. This includes share-based compensation of $7 million. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses of $300 million to $315 million, including share-based compensation of $31 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP other income to be a net benefit of $12 million, with our interest income exceeding interest expense. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 16%, and our non-GAAP diluted share count is expected to be approximately 427 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.92 to $1.04. We expect capital expenditures in the range of $130 million to $170 million. And as a reminder, today's press release contains a table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance. While we are cautious about the near-term macro, we remain committed to our long-term strategy. We've remained disciplined and continue to invest for the future, both in new generations of intelligent power and sensing products and to position the company to scale efficiently for a market recovery. To wrap up, we are investing in the fastest-growing segments of the industry as the world shifts towards renewable energy, electrification, automation and AI. The breadth and performance of our portfolio address the growing need for energy efficiency and the proliferation of sensor-driven ecosystems. Our employees continue to be the foundation of the resiliency of onsemi, and I want to acknowledge the hard work of our teams across the globe, as we remain committed to unlocking shareholder value. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Tanya to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess the first one is on the silicon carbide business. I know it's not the hugest part of your total revenues, but strategically, it's incredibly important. When -- Hassane, you talked about that being up low to mid-single digits. Do you believe that is just evidence of a cyclical weakness? Or has something started to secularly change as people have gotten a little more concerned on not only the pace of EV growth, but competition coming in and commoditization and those sorts of dynamics?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, Ross. We do still believe it's cyclical. Therefore, that's why I made the comment that the long-term trend for electrification and EV in general, has not changed. And very important to note, the designs or the models that we expected to ramp did go into production, they just didn't ramp to the level that we expected, which says that it's a short-term demand, but back to the lumpiness of EV adoption and not a change in strategy or a megatrend type. Otherwise, those models will have been canceled or not even launched. So customers did launch the sell-through, as we expected and you saw during the quarter is not coming as expected from the OEMs, and therefore, we're cautiously monitoring Q4 for that. But nothing changes in our long term, nothing changing the strategic importance of SiC, and the importance of plays in EVs, as EVs in China, followed by US and Europe, will continue to be adopted.
Ross Seymore: Thanks Hassane. And I guess for my follow-up, One for Thad on the gross margin side of things. Has anything changed in your ability to hold the 45%? Obviously, in your [quarter-end] (ph) guide, it didn't. But as you look forward, you said utilization is going to be flat to down on one hand. You also talked about demand continuing to be weak. But the CapEx is also coming down. So lots of moving parts, it seems. Is the net conclusion anything different than what you've said before on both the 45% floor and the 53% peak?
Thad Trent: No. I think if you look at where our utilization is today at 65%, plus or minus, that's where historically, we've been at a low point. And holding that mid 40% margin has been kind of a major initiative for us. As we look forward, you obviously get some mix in Q4, which -- why our guidance is slightly lower. But no, as we look forward, we are optimizing that manufacturing footprint. We are focused on Fab Right, we're continuing to take cost out. So at these levels, we can hold.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Vivek Arya of Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. My question is, if we look forward, Q1 is when you tend to have some of these pricing discussions with your customers. And I imagine at some point, right, some of the benefits of long-term supply agreements tail-off. So Hassane, I'm curious, what's kind of your early preview on how these pricing discussions will take place? Just how we should think about Q1 seasonality given all the comments you made about the macro environment?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, we don't guide two quarters out, but let me give you kind of our strategy and how we approach this because, first off the industry is not going back to in my view, a Q1 kind of cliff. Negotiations happens throughout -- ramps happen any quarter. And new design wins, which is where you set pricing, happened during any quarter. So I don't believe a Q1, as you have always seen, it historically is kind of a pricing click. Having said that, our approach -- and we've been very consistent with that since we -- since I started four years ago -- is we are going to price on value. We are not going to chase after the market. We actually walked away from a lot of that business. We will continue to price on value, and we will continue to pursue opportunities where we provide value. Which means that as soon as an opportunity is a pricing discussion, meaning the lowest price wins, that is not strategically a business we want to win in. Which means our focus on getting to that 53% margin model that Thad reiterated in the prior comment is a strategic focus for us, and we will continue to create products that differentiate, add-value to the customer, and therefore, hold the margin and not get into this quarterly or even annual price negotiations levels.
Vivek Arya: Thank you. And for my follow-up, if the macro environment is softer, why is ON deciding to expand distribution inventory? I thought the prior thinking was that you would keep inventory, I think, around nine weeks or below nine weeks, but it is going up in Q3 and the assumption is that it goes up in Q4. So what's the thinking and the trend behind that? And can that create an overhang as we go into the first half of next year?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So that's a very good question. So a few quarters ago, we mentioned that we are going to start seeing the Disti inventory, which we really have started over the last few years, servicing the high-volume customers or a lot of the key customers for us. And the strategy behind that is to expand the mass-market customers and expand the mass market in general that we have started, and that's typically a high-margin business. So what we've done two quarters ago is we started putting very strategic products into the channel. And the customer count, the mass market customer count has been very favorable. Therefore, our strategy has really been executed properly and yielded the results we wanted, which is mass market, higher customer count and higher margin mix into that channel. So we will continue to do that. What we monitor is of course, the FIFO level, meaning products that we put in, are they POSing out? And over how many quarters are they POSing out? Which means we're not building inventory in the Disti that just stays there and creates that overhang. So we have a very tight process. We started that strategy with the intent of growing that mass-market customers. We have done that. And therefore, we have a pretty good recipe to be able to do that while not building the overhang that typically you would see in distribution inventory in a slow market environment.
Thad Trent: Yes. And Vivek, the mass market customer count has been up 15% year-over-year. So you can see that the strategy of moving that inventory in there is working. For that customer base, you just need inventory on the [Disti selves] (ph). Our Distis would still take more inventory than we're willing to ship them, but we are controlling it tightly.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning, thanks so much for taking the question. Hassane, I guess my first question is on the silicon carbide business. I'm curious what your application mix or customer mix looks like today and going into 2025 versus what it looked like a year ago? I think a year ago, it was something like 80% auto, 20% industrial. And then within auto, you were very over-indexed to one North American customer. I think on prior calls, you had talked about that mix broadening out to companies in Europe and customers in China, particularly on the automotive side. So I'm curious what that looks like today, and more importantly how it broadens out into 2025?
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So the mix overall between auto and industrial is about the same. You can think about 80%-20%, give or take, on -- depending on the quarter and the ramps that we talked about. And that -- we don't expect that to change. Because look, the industrial softness and the automotive softness both kind of happened, which means there is not a over strength in one market or over softness in the other to change that mix in -- on quarter-on-quarter or even year-on-year. So we expect that to be the same, about 80%-20%, which matches the total -- the TAM of that market. So we're indexed to the market mix as it stands. As far as diversification, yes I talked about ramps in China EV, which is really the strength that we've seen in silicon carbide. We've seen share gains in key customers already. We always talked about penetration and gaining share within those accounts. That's been happening. I talked about Europe ramping in the second half. That also did happen. The difference is, the end volume is not what we expected. So from share gains from design wins that are actually going to production, everything is happening on schedule and we're in these sockets. But the end units is not where we expect it to be, which goes back to Ross' question earlier, when the market does recover and that volume goes up again, we are going to see that benefit on the upside because we are already all in these sockets and it's qualified. So that's what we have to look forward to, and that's what we're staging for.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you. And then as my follow-up on capital intensity -- and maybe this one is for Thad. So medium to long-term, your target is now mid-single digits percentage of revenue versus 11%, which I think is a pretty big change. You talked about some of the reasons and capacity expansion being behind you and you guys being able to identify some productivity gains. But has there been any changes in how you think about, for example, in SiC, internal substrates versus external silicon broadly, foundry versus internal, whether it be wafer processing or packaging and test? Any structural changes to how you think about your footprint?
Thad Trent: Yes. And Toshi, just to be clear, the 5% is now our new long-term target, right? So we've achieved our target. Our original target was 11%. We achieved that, and we talked about that last quarter coming down below the fact is our manufacturing footprint is just getting optimized here, right? So now we've moved into a phase where we are still going to invest in the Czech Republic. But a lot of this now starts to become maintenance capital on the footprint that we have as we continue to focus on the Fab Right strategy. So I wouldn't say there is a structural change here as much as the performance has exceeded our expectations.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. On the silicon carbide, obviously we're going to keep expecting the growth on silicon carbide as the market kind of recovers and goes on the uptick, as I mentioned in my prior comments. A large shift of capacity is going to be going from that 6- to 8-inch, where you are going to get more output with an already installed CapEx on the 6-inch as we convert it with a very CapEx light. It is purely a conversion. We are not building new furnaces or new sites. As we convert from 6 to 8, you're going to get a boost in capacity just from the number of die. That's going to keep supporting our growth, and then follow that up with the Czech Republic investments. But we also do procure externally. We never said it was going to be 100% internal. We have an internal and external mix. The mix will change as we go over time based on our CapEx and our internal expansion. And our 8-inch internally has been performing very well, already at 350-micron going into fab, which is basically best-in-class today. So we expect that to continue with the CapEx level that Thad mentioned. So very efficient, forward-looking expansion to support a revenue growth. So you are going to see a lot of it going to the bottom-line.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be coming from Chris Danely of Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hi Guys. I think that's me, Chris Danely. Maybe I should put on my Sopranos accent again. A couple of longer-term questions. So Thad you mentioned that CapEx is peaking and going down. Can you just talk about like depreciation for 2025 versus 2024? And then what you expect depreciation to do for the next several years as it tails-off?
Thad Trent: Yes, it's really consistent with where we are today. If you think about what we're bringing on and what we brought on in the last few years, it is already hitting the P&L, right? And then you've got some roll off as we continue to bring on that capacity in the Czech Republic. So it's roughly in line to where it's going to be. As we look into '25, I don't see it as a headwind. It is roughly kind of in that 7% revenue range. And I don't expect that changing for '25 or '26.
Chris Danely: Wouldn't depreciation go down with the lower CapEx?
Thad Trent: Yes, eventually, it will, right? But you still got some capacity that is coming on this year, right? So I don't think that has it. But when you look out into '26 yes, it should start coming down.
Chris Danely: Okay. Great. And then for my follow-up, another longer-term question on -- just silicon carbide. So if the market is -- if growth is slowing and the market is flattening out a little bit, what about all this bridge inventory you guys have? Is there any risk of like pricing or anything like that? Or how do we get rid of that bridge inventory? And then where do we expect that to go over the next four quarters?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So there is no concern in pricing. When we talk about the bridge and the strategic inventory build on silicon carbide, we are talking about substrates only. So we can basically build it to whatever customer demand comes in. So we hold it purely in substrates. Most of it doesn't even have [EPI] (ph) in it, so voltage is not even defined yet. So it is at the most common denominator of our whole customer, whether it is auto or industrial, and launching from that is where we create finished goods. So there is no risk to obsolescence, no risk to pricing. We will build to demand based on when we get it and based on the outlook. And that's why we don't add value to that inventory and hold it anywhere closer to finished good just to keep that optionality.
Chris Danely: Thanks Hassane very helpful.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question will be coming from Blayne Curtis of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just want to drill into the auto segment. I thought I heard you say that the growth sequentially in auto was driven by silicon carbide. I just wanted to kind of double click on the -- what you're seeing by geography? I mean there's been this expectation that China is going to gain share in EVs. Can you just talk about what drove -- what geography drove that strength? And to the extent that China EVs do take share globally, your positioning there. I saw you talked about 50% share, but those are in design. If it happens now, I'm just kind of curious if that's good or bad for you?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So the strength obviously, for us, in auto and in silicon carbide was driven by China and the share gains we've had in China specifically. When I talk about design wins or the share based on design wins, I refer also to my comment, I think last quarter about the Beijing Auto Show and 800-volt kind of platforms that we are in, where I would say, it is further from design win. It's actually in vehicles today. So as these vehicles ramp, which they started now and they will ramp into '25, that should start seeing extended strength. But we did see the strength in China, both from a total market and our penetration in that market with the designs that we already have. We expect that to continue in '25.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. And I was just curious, you mentioned the data center. Can you just wrap some maybe timing around that in terms of when you could see kind of first revenue? And in terms of -- you said you've been working on it for a long time here. What's the right time frame to think about getting design wins for that?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So look, we already have design wins. We already have revenue in that segment. Obviously, it is early time revenue, but there is revenue. The products that we have launched now, you expect revenue in 2025, as products get qualified and the customers ramp. For example, we did -- we announced the [T10 Trench Pad] (ph) last quarter. We already have design wins on that being qualified at the hyperscalers. So we expect revenue from these products that I talked about in 2025, but we already have product or revenue on existing products already this year. So we are in the market. We're working on new platforms, we're working on new designs. And with our new product introduction, that's really going to boost the portfolio that we are able to offer customers.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks Hassane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be coming from Quinn Bolton of Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Quinn Bolton: Hi, Hassane, I just wanted to follow up on the AI data center wins that you just mentioned. I think you said you had wins at three of the four hyperscalers for multi-phase controllers and individual voltage rigs. I just wondered one clarify? And two, if that's the case, is that more for CPU power? Or does it also include GPU or AI accelerator? And then I've got a follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. We didn't – we are not specifying exactly which product specifically. I rattled off the portfolio because when you go into an account and we target the power tree, you need to be able to show coherent or cohesive power distribution from the beginning to the end. That's why we started with SiC, with the PSU all the way to the course. That really is the general approach that we have, both for the NVIDIA and the ARM.
Quinn Bolton: Got it. And then for Thad, I think East Fishkill was expected to be about a 100 basis point headwind to margins Q3, Q4, and then sort of taper-off into next year? Just want to make sure that's still the right way to think about the East Fishkill overhang?
Thad Trent: Yes, that's correct. It's still about 100 basis points dilutive to the corporate gross margin, will continue to be that way in Q4. When we look into '25, it will be -- you think about it as being fairly linear in terms of improvement. And by the end of the year, most of that 100 basis points will be off the company at that point as we exited that business for GLOBALFOUNDRIES.
Quinn Bolton: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be coming from Josh Buchalter of TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Joshua Buchalter: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. Sorry for belaboring silicon carbide, but you are probably used to it by now. I wanted to sort of ask about the guidance for low single-digit growth again? Can you -- it was helpful walking through some of the auto versus non-auto and then commentary on your lead customer. Can you give us any details on what each of those buckets are growing? Because I'm trying to reconcile the ongoing share gains in China with what looks like a stabilized outlook at your lead customer with the low single-digit growth. Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So look, we are not breaking our growth by industrial and auto. In general, we talked about the diversification as we get more and more of designs, both regional diversification and within a customer diversification, as we get into more platforms within the customer to offset the lumpiness that you see model to model. North America is up for us. And that's based on commentary I made before, both on ramp and share gain. I will leave the guide and outlook to our customers' earnings and our customers' commentary. But North America for us was up. China was up. So you can see everything was up as expected, just not at the level that we expected for the second half of the year due to end-demand, which is very well-publicized by the OEMs themselves. But being up regionally gives you a little indication of where the shares are as far as design wins and ramp and the penetration within these accounts.
Joshua Buchalter: Got it. Thank you. And then following up kind on that, one of your large peers talked about their China auto business up 20% sequentially this quarter. I'm guessing you won't give us a metric there, but maybe you could talk about what you are seeing in that vertical specifically? Because since the earnings, we've gotten a little bit of concern that there might be some pull-in or idiosyncrasies going on with that market. So I'd be curious to hear you expand on what you are seeing in the China auto market a bit. Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I think I know who you are referring to. I think there is only one that did earnings already. So we are not in the same buckets. For us electrification, when I refer to electrification is really the drivetrain, which is where silicon carbide plays, not necessarily in general. So it may be a mix thing only, which is a discrepancy, but our China business did grow as well. We are not breaking out regionally -- regional growth from the overall growth. But China did grow in automotive, and it grows specifically with the strength in EVs driven by silicon carbide.
Joshua Buchalter: Thanks Hassane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question will be coming from Christopher Rolland of Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hi, thanks for the question. I guess my first is can you break-down automotive geographically for us just into some larger buckets between Europe, Japan and China for us?
Hassane El-Khoury: So I'm trying to think.
Thad Trent: Well, China is strong. I think it's --.
Hassane El-Khoury: China is strong, yes.
Thad Trent: Hassane, just walk --.
Christopher Rolland: I mean, just as a percent of revenue, sorry.
Hassane El-Khoury: No, we are not breaking down markets by regional percentages. We're -- because there's a lot of it -- does it shift through or -- and leave the country? It gets too lumpy and too confusing. So we look at it as a market by region indication, whether was it up or how it behaved, just to give you a strength of where the strength is coming from as we get through this L-shape.
Christopher Rolland: Okay. I was just talking kind of larger percentages roughly, but if you can't provide that, that's okay. I guess for my second question guys like TI are going back to consumer customers, broader markets. It sounds like with your distribution comments, you might be a little more warm to these markets. I'm not sure. But could you talk about how you are approaching that other bucket?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes --.
Christopher Rolland: Price, but are you a little more open? Yes.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I wouldn't talk about open consumer market or not. Our focus is value. When we put -- when I talk about the mass market -- and like Thad said, seeding that market with distribution inventory because it has to be on the shelf for us to ship. We're not looking at -- it's for this market or that market. We look at it as a mass market. Any customer can buy those products as long as the margin is provided on the value that those products provide. But I will be very, very clear on the call. Our strategy of chasing other markets at the expense of margin, just to get top line or utilization is not -- no longer part of our strategy. So we are not going to get into this trap, let's go maybe squint a little bit on pricing to get what we need on utilization and revenue. We are actually focusing on value. We are not going to dilute our value, and we will maintain the product value, whether it is going through mass market or not.
Christopher Rolland: Thank you Hassane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be coming from Vijay Rakesh of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi, thanks for letting me ask the question. Hassane and Thad, just a quick question on the inventory side. When you look at Disti and OEM inventory, can you talk to where those levels should be within December versus what normal levels are? And then a follow-up.
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, on the Disti side, I said it in my prepared remarks, we expect the weeks of inventory in Disti to increase slightly, 10 weeks, plus or minus, as we focus on that mass market. When you talk about end customers, look that's really hard for us to monitor, right? There is definitely inventory out there. We think the inventory digestion is ongoing. But a lot of that is going to depend on end-demand. If end-demand picks up, that inventory burns through quicker.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. One thing, just to be – it is not an industry commentary either. You have some customers that have low -- very low inventory. We are talking about a couple of weeks. And then you have others that have much longer and much larger inventory that they are trying to bring down. So it's not an industry commentary where we can say it is inventory is everywhere. And that's more related to -- if you look at the Tier 1 and you listen to their earnings, they are stating their inventory position and what they're trying to get it to. The OEMs have finished good inventory, that's also very well-publicized. From our side, we are able to triangulate a lot of that. And obviously, we're into the accounts with the OEMs directly, trying to get the end-demand. So that's why it's -- I wouldn't say it is an industry-wide. It is a customer by customer. So it's hard to say how many weeks do we believe or how long does it take to drain.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And then last question. When you look at -- and good to hear your 200-millimeter silicon carbide is ramping well. But as you -- let's say, looking out, exiting 2025, let us say, what would be a mix of internal 200-millimeter silicon carbide?
Hassane El-Khoury: Well, we are actually driving to about 80-20 or 70-30. Even if we are able to do more internally, we are managing the mix because we would like to always have an external feed into our factory just to keep the lines and really the quality baseline fresh across all sources. So we don't expect that outlook to change.
Vijay Rakesh: But it is a [70 internal] (ph) or --.
Hassane El-Khoury: Internal.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be coming from Tore Svanberg of Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. Hassane. I had a question on the share gain in China EV for 800 volt. I think last quarter, I think you said approaching 60%, I think now you said 50%. Is that just a technicality? Or did something change quarter-over-quarter?
Hassane El-Khoury: No, nothing changed. Nothing changed. It's -- it's the same design wins, same everything. As you ramp, you are going to start -- well, as you ramp actual design, you are going to start getting that -- the uptick from it.
Tore Svanberg: Perfect. I just wanted to clarify that. Second question is on the mass market and the staging of inventory. So how far will you go? Is 10 weeks sort of the highest we should expect for the next few quarters? Or would it go beyond that as you continue that staging?
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, I think our new target range as we think about kind of a normalized market is nine to 11 weeks, right? So that 10 weeks, plus or minus, is right in the sweet spot. But I don't think you're going to see us go north of 11.
Tore Svanberg: Great. Thank you Thad.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question will be coming from Chris Caso of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you good morning. The first question is on the capital intensity that you mentioned moving lower. I guess, is there anything structural in that we should be contemplating? Or is this just a function of where utilization is right now and the fact that you can grow revenue into the existing capacity? And perhaps with that, given where the utilization levels are right now, is there a particular sort of revenue capacity that you could grow into without increasing the CapEx very much?
Thad Trent: Yes. Chris, it's Thad. So look, we've made big investments over the last several years. Those investments went primarily to silicon carbide and EFK, right? So both of those investments are now behind us. We do have more in silicon carbide as we go forward. Thinking about that Czech Republic investment, but that's over a multi-year period. So I wouldn't look at the structural, I would look at this as achieving that target early, and it's based on the performance of our manufacturing footprint. I've said this many times, we continue to optimize that footprint and drive cost out and drive efficiency up, which gets more units out. And obviously at 65% utilized, we have a lot of capacity. So there isn't a need to bring capacity on, other than for the strategic nature of silicon carbide. The rest of this will be primarily maintenance.
Hassane El-Khoury: And I wouldn't -- yes. And I wouldn't think about our CapEx level as hindering any growth -- future growth at all. As I mentioned in my prior answer, silicon carbide volume or capacity is going to grow just by very low CapEx conversion from 6 to 8. We will give you a boost in capacity, our analog mixed signal new products will be landing in East Fishkill, which is again a new fab that's going to support the growth. So we are very comfortable with where our footprint is, and we'll continue to look at optimizing our brownfield investment.
Chris Caso: Got it. Thank you. I guess as a follow-up, I'll ask you another question on silicon carbide. And interested in your view on where this market goes into next year. And I recognize that where volume goes is a tough question at this point. But the other part of silicon carbide is penetration because silicon carbide, the penetration rate is still relatively low. I think you've got some visibility there on design wins. So I guess the first part of the question is, where do you think you can grow this business next year? And then secondly, how much of that growth potential growth comes from penetration versus just EV units?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, in general I agree with the statement that our view or long-term view of silicon carbide or electrification market remains unchanged. That was why we started the call with Ross's question of does that cause us to change any of our outlook? The answer is no. Because of exactly the two points you brought up. EVs are going to continue to grow. The rate of growth year-on-year will be lumpy, but it is still growth. And then you have on top of that, you got silicon carbide penetration within the EVs. As you mentioned, today, we are only -- if I take out the market -- a North American market leader, we are about 6% as an industry, silicon carbide penetrated into EVs. If you refer to my comments last quarter about the Beijing Auto Show, most, if not all of the new model that were introduced specifically in China were 800-volt driven with silicon carbide. So that penetration of silicon carbide into EV will continue to grow into 2025. and then the market will define how much of the unit volume of EVs will grow into '25. For us, we expect silicon carbide to also grow in 2025 given those two trends that I mentioned.
Chris Caso: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question will be coming from Jed Dorsheimer of William Blair. Your line is open.
Jed Dorsheimer: Hi, thanks for taking my question, fitting me in. I guess first question, Hassane, I was wondering if you might be able to elaborate on the value proposition that your customers are asking you about in the power tree data center specifically? Do you see it -- how does that relate to the efficiency and the shift to modules in EVs? And what gives you confidence that silicon carbide versus gallium nitride is going to be the solution there? And then I have a follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Okay. There's just a couple of things, and I will try to reiterate just to make sure I get the question and I give you the right answer. So from the AI in general, the power tree is efficiency. You can have the most efficient conversion at the GPU. And then you can lose most of it from, call it, the PSU all the way in. So efficiency of the power tree is important. That's becoming more and more important not to the module or the server maker, but more for the hyperscaler. 1% efficiency loss on a power tree. Think about that loss on a rack. Think about that utility bill that they would otherwise not be getting by getting the 1% efficiency. That's the benefit that we are seeing. Your next question is about silicon carbide versus GaN. Those are two different things. Silicon carbide, when we talk about silicon carbide and the product that we announced last quarter at 650-volt, that's more closer to the grid in the power tree. If I think the power tree grid all the way to GPU, that's more in the PSU high-voltage PSU conversion. As you get closer, you get silicon and GaN. As you get closer, higher frequency, lower voltage where you want the efficiency. That's where for example, you have silicon products that are as efficient, which are [T10 Trench Pad] (ph) and that's what's gaining wins. So it's not about silicon carbide versus GaN versus silicon. It's really a different branches in that power tree is where the most optimal technology needs to fit. And our ability to provide all of these give us that portfolio and that competitive advantage at the customer. So that's how we look at it. And by the way, to your comment on electrification or EVs, same concept in EVs. There's -- we still have IGBT. We have silicon carbide, and we have hybrid, where you don't need 100% SiC or 100% IGBT. We look at the power tree and automotive the same way, where we focus on providing the best efficiency with the most optimized performance to cost benefit for the customer. The same formula is getting us into the power tree for AI.
Jed Dorsheimer: Got it. That's helpful. I'll jump back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be coming from Harsh Kumar of Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Saw a good job controlling what you can control in this tough environment. Thad, I had one for you. Your guiding revenue as sort of flattish. Should I assume the mix between the two key end-markets, automotive and industrial to be kind of the same flattish, just basically what it was last quarter? Or is there some puts and takes that I can think about?
Thad Trent: No. We think automotive is going to be up low to mid-single digits just with the silicon carbide continuing to ramp. Industrial is kind of flattish, maybe slightly down. The other bucket will likely be down. But we think auto will outgrow the overall total.
Harsh Kumar: Great. And then maybe one for Hassane. Hassane, when you talk to -- I'm curious, I want to get some visibility on what kind of conversations you have with your customers. It seems like there is excess inventory. It seems like there's lackluster end demand, seems like it's both. So when you talk to your customers, when do they envision a turn to happen or they simply don't know? And is interest rate a factor here at all, as it starts to kick in into the economy? And then my last part of the question, separate, was one of your competitors got basically a lot of CHIPS Act money, much more than I would have thought. I was curious where you guys stand in that spectrum?
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So first, on the dialogue with the customers. Look the conversation with the customer, nobody has got a better crystal ball than the other. So the conversation with customers is really around how are we both going to get ready for a recovery in demand. And if the recovery happens quickly, how are we going to be ready versus 2021, for example, where the shortages happened? That's the strategic dialogue of visibility of communication, really the tightness of the relationship that really is important here. I was in Europe, for example last week, where the dialogue was I would say 50% about that. The other 50% is new designs. So the design in activity at the OEMs, driven by the OEMs into the Tier 1 also has not slowed down, which tells you that nobody is taking this as a change in a long-term strategy, electrification and so on. So everybody remains committed to their plans. Everybody acknowledges that there is lumpiness in demand. It could be helped by interest rates, absolutely because it's consumer confidence and consumer spend. But when is it going to play its way through the economy, that's the knee in the curve that we are waiting. But what we can do now is making sure we're ready. We talked about strategic inventory builds on the silicon carbides for us to react quicker, et cetera. These are things we can do along with our customers to be ready. As far as CHIPS money, I won't comment on where we are specifically. We've always said we're going to do what we need to do for us as a company. And the support from the CHIPS Act is very welcome to offset some of the investments we have to make in North America. We're not going after it just to build new fabs and build new capacity that we otherwise will not need. Because you may get funding, but you'll pay for it on the back end once you have the building running. We are not going to be going down that path. You heard that about our investments in our CapEx and our new model, we are going to work within these parameters. As far as what I’d call, the preliminary terms that one of our competitors got, I wish him luck. I think the struggles were not related to funding. The struggles were related to operational, but I wish him luck.
Harsh Kumar: Fair enough. Thanks, Hassane. Thanks, Thad. Thanks, Parag.
Operator: And this concludes our Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO, for closing remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you for joining us on the call this morning. And I want to thank all our employees for pushing through this prolonged period of uncertainty. We'll continue to navigate the market environment and deliver value to our stakeholders by focusing on our execution and operational excellence. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the onsemi Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there'll be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and thank you for joining onsemi's second quarter 2024 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2024 second quarter earnings release will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and a discussion of certain limitations when using non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are described in our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the second quarter of 2024. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements might change and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect the actual results, change assumptions, or other events that may occur, except as required by law. Now, let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag. Good morning, and thanks to everyone for joining us on the call. In the second quarter, we exceeded the midpoint of our guidance for revenue, non-GAAP gross margin, and non-GAAP earnings per share as our global teams continue to execute on all fronts. As we indicated in our Q1 call, we are seeing some stabilization in demand in our core markets. Inventory digestion persists with some pockets improving as customers maintain a cautious stance in 2024. We don't see a change to the L-shaped curve I talked about in Q1, but we expect parts of industrial, such as Energy Infrastructure to recover in the second half. Among the regions, Asia-Pacific, namely China is recovering, driven by both automotive and industrial. During this time of market uncertainty, we have not taken our foot off the pedal and remain focused on what we can control our execution. We have doubled down on our investments to build out our strategic portfolio of Analog and Mixed-Signal and Power Solutions. We have been gaining share by securing significant design wins in power, and we have continued to improve our cost structure through ongoing structural changes. All these efforts position us very well in a recovery with top-line growth and gross margin expansion. Our advantage remains in our comprehensive and innovative product portfolio to capture market opportunities. onsemi's intelligent power and sensing solutions have become synonymous with high efficiency and performance, which are critical to solving customer problems and the high-growth megatrends in automotive, industrial, and AI data centers. In Intelligent Sensing, we continue to invest to sustain our technology and market leadership. We announced the acquisition of SWIR Vision Systems to add disruptive, colloidal quantum-based-dot-based short wavelength infrared technology to our portfolio to further strengthen our industrial and defense product offering. We will leverage our manufacturing and R&D expertise to accelerate the commercialization of this technology with cost-effective and differentiated products for industrial and defense applications. On the Analog and Mixed-Signal product development, in addition to sampling our first products, we are now proliferating a broader range of product families from high-performance analog with integrated power and automotive to a low-power sensing interface in medical. This broad range of applications and products we can already offer to our lead customers highlight the competitiveness of this new technology platform. We are excited to share more detail about our Analog and Mixed-Signal product and technology roadmap later this year. We continue building on our design-win momentum and last week, we announced that Volkswagen Group has selected onsemi to be the primary supplier of a complete powerbox solution as part of its next-generation traction inverter for its Scalable System Platform, SSP. The first-of-a-kind solution features silicon carbide-based technologies in an integrated module that can scale across all power levels from high-power to low-power traction inverters to be compatible for all vehicle categories. VW Group is the second-largest automotive OEM in the world and we expect that all VW brands, including Volkswagen, Audi, Porsche, Skoda will be powered by onsemi's silicon carbide in their next-generation platforms. To best support VW Group and our global customer base, we have also announced a multi-year investment in the Czech Republic for a vertically integrated silicon carbide manufacturing facility. This strategic expansion provided the European Commission approves the incentive measure would enable us to meet the rising demand for our silicon carbide modules and other power semiconductors by bringing front-end manufacturing and advanced packaging capabilities to Europe. As customers place an increasing importance on geopolitical risks to their supply chain, they value the resilience we have built into our manufacturing footprint through our Fab Right strategy. Our collaboration with the Czech government on this state-of-the-art facility aims not only to support our European customers, but also positions onsemi as a central piece of the European power ecosystem, further enhancing our supply resilient strategy. Additionally, onsemi is a silicon carbide market-share leader in China and we are designed into nearly 60% of the BEV models from OEMs who are primarily introducing their 800-volt platforms at the Beijing International Auto Exhibition last quarter. China is the largest and fastest-growing BEV market in the world and Chinese OEMs are adopting onsemi silicon carbide solutions based on the market-leading efficiency of our modules and devices like the M3e we've just announced. In automotive, silicon carbide will continue to outgrow the industry for many years as EVs are adopted, but also as the penetration rate in EVs increases. The latest research reports show that 22% of EVs in production are enabled with SiC, excluding the market leader, only 6% of the EVs worldwide include SiC, but all OEMs are driving adoption to improve range and cost of the vehicles. Our success with SiC in automotive extends to the industrial market with demand expanding beyond energy infrastructure with emerging mass market applications, such as commercial heating, ventilation and air-conditioning. The use of 1,200-volt silicon carbide and HVAC applications leads to more efficient, reliable, and compact systems, ultimately reducing energy consumption, improving electromagnetic interference and operational costs. We are already working with customers looking to integrate silicon carbide into their next-generation designs with revenue over the next three to five years. We remain on track to outgrow the silicon carbide market growth by 2x in 2024 through share gain and our geographical and market diversification strategy. Specifically on the share gains and supporting our revenue growth, our bottoms-up assessment has our growth in units outgrowing the BEV unit growth by 2x, further supporting our outlook. We also have a significant opportunity in the data center and AI market where our focus is on leveraging our silicon and silicon carbide portfolio to address the entire Power Tree. In Q2, we released our latest generation of T10 PowerTrench family and EliteSiC 650-volt MOSFET that are being designed into various subsystems of the AI data center, including power supply units, battery backup units, and intermediate bus converters. These solutions offer superior efficiency, high thermal performance, and reduce power losses, making them ideal for data centers and energy storage systems. They can reduce energy consumption by 10 terawatt hour annually as compared to our previous generation, equivalent to powering nearly 1 million homes per year. We continue to invest in multi-phase controllers to pair with our industry-leading smart power stages, which enable highly efficient power delivery to the CPUs and GPUs. As power consumed by AI data center racks increases from 40 kilowatts today to 120 kilowatts in 2025, our addressable content is expected to increase from $2,500 to $9,500. Our strategy to focus on the high-growth megatrends of automotive and industrial by partnering and innovating with the market leaders and disruptors has proven successful. We have been investing in power and sensing technologies to further our leadership position, and we will continue to leverage our portfolio to address adjacent market opportunities such as AI and data centers. Let me now turn it over to Thad to give you more details on our results.
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. In the second quarter, our teams once again demonstrated remarkable resilience and adaptability in navigating a challenging market environment. Our Q2 results exceeded the midpoint of our guidance with revenue of $1.74 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 45.3%, non-GAAP operating margin of 27.5%, and 12% free cash flow margin. We continue to deliver consistent gross margin performance against a challenging market and underutilization, once again demonstrating the structural improvements in our business model. Q2 revenue declined 7% sequentially and 17% from Q2 of 2023. This decline was driven by an ongoing inventory correction in the automotive and industrial end markets, which together contributed 79% of our revenue. While we are facing short-term demand uncertainty, our long-term outlook remains unchanged. We are at the forefront of the fastest-growing segments of the automotive, industrial, and AI data center markets and we expect to resume our growth trajectory as end-customer inventory levels normalize. In line with our expectations, automotive revenue declined 11% quarter-over-quarter to $907 million, a decline of 15% over the same quarter last year. From the time we embarked on our transformation in Q4, 2020, which included a strategic shift to focus on automotive, our automotive revenue has nearly doubled, largely driven by increasing content for vehicle electrification and ADAS. Our industrial revenue was $468 million, down 2% sequentially and 23% versus the second quarter of 2023. As we noted in our Q1 call, we are seeing pockets of stabilization in this market. Looking at the split between the business units, revenue for the Power Solutions Group, or PSG was $835 million, a decrease of 15% year-over-year. Revenue for the Analog and Mixed-Signal Group or AMG was $648 million, a decrease of 18% year-over-year. And revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group or ISG was $252 million, a 22% decrease year-over-year. The revenue drop for all business groups was driven by ongoing inventory burn in the Automotive and Industrial market. GAAP gross margin was 45.2% and non-GAAP gross margin was 45.3% compared to 45.9% in Q1 and 47.4% in the quarter a year ago. We continue to maintain gross margins above 45% through this downturn, even as our utilization has reached a historical trough of 65%, which positions us well for a market recovery. For reference in previous downturns, our gross margin was approximately 30% at these utilization levels. We continue to deliver on our Fab Right strategy of driving efficiency across our global operations. In Q2, we executed additional restructuring actions to improve the cost structure of our manufacturing network to support our gross margin expansion plans. We expect our gross margins to benefit once demand begins to recover and we increase utilization back to normalized levels. This coupled with ramping of new products at accretive margins will allow us to achieve our long-term target of 53%. Now let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were $396 million as compared to $319 million in the second quarter of 2023. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $308 million as compared to $306 million in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating expenses were lower than our guidance due to active cost control and lower variable compensation. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 22.4% and non-GAAP operating margin was 27.5%. Our GAAP tax rate was 15.8% and non-GAAP tax rate was 16%. Diluted GAAP earnings per share for the second quarter was $0.78 as compared to $1.29 in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.96 as compared to $1.33 in Q2 of 2023. GAAP-diluted share count was 433 million shares and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 429.5 million shares. In Q2, we deployed $150 million, or 72% of our free cash flow for share repurchases. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments was $2.7 billion and we had $1.1 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $362 million and free cash flow was $208 million, representing 12% of revenue. Capital expenditures during Q2 was $154 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 9%. We achieved our long-term target ahead of schedule due to higher efficiency resulting from the structural changes in our manufacturing footprint. We expect to remain at or below our long-term target of 11%, including the investments needed for the silicon carbide expansion in the Czech Republic. Inventory increased by $78 million sequentially and increased by 20 days to 214 days. This includes 97 days of bridge inventory to support fab transitions in the silicon carbide ramp. Excluding these strategic builds, our base inventory increased $6 million sequentially to 117 days, which is within our target range of 100 to 120 days. Distribution inventory increased as expected to 8.9 weeks versus 8 weeks in Q1 to support the mass market, which we have underserved for the last two years. Let me now provide you the key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the third quarter. Today's press release contains a table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance. Given the current macro-environment and our demand visibility, we anticipate Q3 revenue will be in the range of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be between 44.4% and 46.4% with utilization in the mid-60% range. This includes estimated share-based compensation of $7 million. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses of $305 million to $320 million, including estimated share-based compensation of $31 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP other income to be a net benefit of $12 million with our interest income exceeding interest expense. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 16% and our non-GAAP diluted share count is expected to be approximately 429 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.91 to $1.03. We expect capital expenditures in the range of $130 million to $170 million. And as we've previously highlighted, the acquisition of SWIR Vision Systems is not expected to have any meaningful impact on our near or mid-term financial outlook. Through this downturn, we have remained committed to our long-term financial model. We are allocating resources for future growth while continuing to execute on our strategies to enhance operational effectiveness throughout the company. During the second quarter, we announced the consolidation of many of our facilities to improve efficiencies and accelerate time-to-market by centralizing our efforts into fewer centers of excellence. We have continued to invest in R&D to drive long-term growth and capitalize on opportunities in Intelligent Power and Sensing despite the market downturn. We also remain committed to our capital allocation strategy. Over the last 12 months, we have deployed 78% of our free cash flow for share repurchases, significantly higher than our stated long-term target of returning 50%. Since initiating our $3 billion share repurchase program in February 2023, we have returned $814 million to our shareholders. Finally, at, onsemi we are driven to excellence. Guided by this principle, we hold ourselves accountable not only to our financial commitment but also to our environmental initiatives. This past quarter, we published our 2023 Sustainability Report, marking another pivotal step in our ongoing commitment to sustainability and highlighting the progress we have made in the past year. Wrapping up, I'd like to thank our employees for their dedication to excellence. Our strategy is working and we remain committed to unlocking shareholder value. We are a more resilient company with steady growth drivers, an innovation pipeline, and trusted relationships with our customers and suppliers around the world. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Kevin to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess for my first question, kind of two sneaky parts to it. But any pluses or minuses by your three segments for the third quarter guide? And then the bigger part is, Hassane, you talked about some stabilization on the Industrial side and even Energy Infrastructure potentially rising in the back half. Any sort of similar color on your Automotive business that dropped pretty significantly sequentially? You talked about some design wins in EVs, et cetera. How are you looking at that for the back half of the year?
Thad Trent: Yeah, Ross, it's Thad. To answer your first part of the question, you broke up a little bit, but I think I got it. The end markets played out pretty consistent with what we expected going into the quarter. We are expecting both automotive and industrial to be down. It played out that way. If we saw any signs of improvement, it was really in that industrials, we continue to see some stabilization there. So really played out as we expected during our guide for the quarter.
Ross Seymore: Yeah. And I guess for my follow-up question, then moving on to the gross margin side of things, Thad. You talked about some of the idiosyncratic drivers, the East Fishkill side of things as well as the fab divestitures in the past. Can you just walk us through any evolution of those? We get the utilization rate when that goes up, that's going to be beneficial. You laid that out clearly. But the 100 basis points from East Fishkill, that's a headwind this year, and then the fab divestitures, which I think is about a two-point tailwind when those kick in. Can you just walk us through how those unfold over the next kind of 6 months to 12 months?
Thad Trent: Sure, sure. So starting with utilization, which is the key driver here in the short-term, just to reiterate what we've said in the past, every point of utilization is 15 basis points to 20 basis points of gross margin improvement. So as you think about us coming off of a low of 65% going back into normalized levels, you can do the math on the gross margin expansion on that. And you're right, East Fishkill with the global foundry business that we're running in there is about 100 basis points dilutive. We'll continue that through the rest of this year. And then we'll start to see that start to moderate in 2025. And then the other piece is the fab divestitures. We divested four fabs in a couple of years ago, and it's $160 million of fixed-cost that we'll start to recognize as demand picks up and we start manufacturing those products within our existing network. So we've got to bleed through that inventory that we've been building for those fab transitions. And as we move that into our network, we start to see that benefit. And then the last thing is, and I noted it in my prepared remarks is the ramping of new products that accretive gross margins. And I think if you start to do that math, you can start to get pretty close into our gross margin target. The long-term target mean 53%. So we feel good. We just need a market recovery here and we have some nice tailwinds.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to revisit the Q3 outlook question. I think at the midpoint, you're guiding is up a bit sequentially and I was hoping you could, Hassane maybe give us a sense of how you see your different end markets, especially automotive, do you expect that to be up, down, flat sequentially? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I mean, Vivek, if you look at our biggest market 79% of revenue this quarter to auto and industrial, we expect those in the third quarter to be flat-to-up slightly.
Vivek Arya: Okay. And then maybe as a follow-up, over the last few months, we have seen deceleration in battery-powered EV demand. And I'm curious if you look at your silicon carbide outlook for this year in absolute dollars or not versus the market. How do you think it has fared? Do you think -- what you thought in terms of absolute dollars for this year? Is it still on track for that or has that view changed? And then kind of B of that, I think you mentioned more optimism for the China EV market. Is your share in China EV above or below that 35% to 40% share that you think you will have globally for this year?
Hassane El-Khoury: So let me break it -- break it down. So for the silicon carbide market, I think, like you said, regionally from a BEV market, it's very different regionally. The comment and the reports that you're seeing more Western than China. But overall, we do expect the BEV market to remain healthy with a little lumpiness in the short term. But long term, we're still -- the penetration of BEV and the penetration of silicon carbide within BEV is still call it, mid-single-digit without the market leader. So having said that, I will anchor back on 2024 growth of 2x market. I'm not going to get into the absolute dollars. We have the absolute dollars that we're driving to internally. But I will anchor on the 2x market given all of the news and all the headlines that you referred to. From the China perspective, I talked about our penetration in China being over 60 -- about 60%. So in China, we're ahead of where we are with the rest of the world or overall, but that's also a timing, meaning we started in China given it's the biggest market ahead of everybody else. If you recall, at the end of last year, I mentioned that in 2024, we do expect the ramps to start in Europe. So as the ramps start in Europe, the blend of geographical distribution of our revenue for silicon carbide will change in the second half. But overall, China is ahead of the rest of the world from our market share as well just because it's the biggest market and we started there earlier.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Hassane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with GS. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much for taking the question. I wanted to follow up on the SiC business as well. To the extent you're willing to share Hassane, curious how that business trended in Q2, whether it be on a sequential basis or a year-over-year basis? And what your expectations are for Q3? And then I guess for the full year, I'm guessing that the mix of your business, whether it be by application or customer has evolved over the past 90 days. Yeah, what's your outlook there by geo and application today versus 90 days ago?
Hassane El-Khoury: So, I'm not going to break out our silicon carbide on a quarterly basis given what we've been talking about the lumpiness of the revenue. That -- and really the timing of customer ramps when they start, when they peak, and when they stabilize. For that, we're only going to be covering silicon carbide revenue on an annual basis and we'll talk about it at the end of the year of where it all landed. What I will tell you is we -- externally, what I stated is the 2x market, that's where we look at. That's where we're trending. And I added in my prepared remarks, when I look at units growth, which is a lot of it is socket of designed and share, we're also trending at the 2x further supporting our growth in silicon carbide. From a regional, we talked about China being strong for us. Europe in the second half will start seeing some ramps in Europe. That's again in line with what we talked about at the end of last year. So all that is coming in exactly as we expected. And we continue to diversify our design in with the announcement with VW Group. That's, of course, out longer in time, but still adding to the geographical distribution of our revenue over time.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you. And then as a quick follow-up, just on distribution inventory, it went up a little bit sequentially at the end of June. Curious what's embedded or what's assumed in your Q3 guidance? And as you think about the next couple of quarters, several quarters, what's your plan in terms of managing that inventory? You sound relatively still muted as it pertains to the cycle. You know, should we expect weeks to stay generally flat, or do you feel like that can go up just given how much you had underserviced that business over the past couple of years? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes, Toshiya, it's Thad. So we exited the quarter at 8.9 weeks, just where we expected. We talked about that mass market you referred to that we need to put inventory into the channel. So we're achieving that well. We're managing it tight still given the market uncertainty. But for Q3, I think it's going to be right in this range, let's call it, 9 weeks. And I really think through the remainder of this year and probably into next year, you're kind of looking at that type of range, 9 weeks plus or minus. We'll see how the market recovers and the adoption of the mass market. But that's our plan for the short term here.
Toshiya Hari: Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Hi. Just a quick question on the -- in the prior quarters, you've given your order of backlog. If you could give us some thoughts, color on what the semi -- silicon carbide backlog looks like. Thanks.
Thad Trent: The silicon carbide backlog, you know, look, we announced a few things here over the last few quarters, right. I mean that backlog is healthy, right. There's some short-term softness as it's well-known in the EV market, but I would say the backlog is still very healthy.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, if you look at design-in activity, whatever we feel in the market in the short term, and I call it short-term, given the trend for silicon carbide, not just in BEV, by the way, we talk about silicon carbide in industrial, proliferating further because of the benefit that it brings and even silicon carbide making its way into the power stages of the AI data center. So when we talk about silicon carbide, we're talking about a long-term multi-year megatrend. That's why we're participating in it. So in the short term, of course, we all see what the market shows. But nevertheless, customers are still investing in silicon carbide for their platforms, whether it be a car, industrial, or AI data center, as I mentioned. This is what we can control is our design and capability on our new products, which means that as the market starts to go uptick the other way and BEV starts to proliferate further, we are in a much better position than otherwise we would be if we weren't winning today. The VW Group announcement is an example of such a large deployment of silicon carbide in a electrification platform. So if you talk about backlog as that, that's exactly what we can't control and we're working on. That same story happens in industrial, that same story happens in the AI. We're designed in. Now the ramps will support our growth.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And one quick question. On the 200-millimeter side, any thoughts on how you're looking at that ramp on silicon carbide?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, still on track to what we said we will qualify 8-inch this year, that's when I talk about qualifying, it's substrates all the way through fabs. So that will be qualified this year, starting revenue next year in line with our expectations that I outlined last year. So no change to that. Obviously, we look at the 8-inch as a -- what we've talked about earlier, 8-inch for us is a capacity expansion. So once it's qualified, we sample and we start seeing revenue. We will start increasing the share of 8-inch internal versus 6-inch as we confer -- convert our furnaces and so on in order to support the ramp. But from a capability 8-inch, I'm very happy with where 8-inch is, and therefore, we're right on track.
Vijay Rakesh: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I just want to ask that you talked about only really the energy business inflecting in the second half. So just kind of curious, I mean, obviously, the auto market has come in a little bit weaker. I'm just kind of curious, you said you're sticking with that L-shaped recovery. Is it right to think though that as you look through the rest of the calendar year that you're looking kind of flat? Just wanted to understand the comment of just highlighting that one bar.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I mean, L, I would say flat. So, Blayne, I have no reason to call a recovery. Now look, is there going to be some green shoots here and there, some markets within our automotive and industrial that will fare better than others? Probably, I don't have a crystal ball. That's why I can manage to what we can see and I can guide to what we can see. But what I would put it in perspective is we're not planning or seeing a -- what I would call a recovery, which is a big deviation from kind of flattish. So some recovery in certain areas that will change the course. We don't guide in the out quarters, but that's kind of my view of the market today.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. And I just want to ask a lot of comments or questions on silicon carbide. I want to ask on Intelligent Sensing Group. So that business is down quite a bit. I mean, you have a driver with 8 megapixel in terms of ASPs. I'm sure you're working through some inventory there as well. Just kind of outlook in terms of that content driver, where that is today? And where you see that could go? And then kind of just should that follow the same trajectory of recovery?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Yes. I mean we have the difference with image sensing, we do have a big market share in that -- in that market in the ADAS automotive market. So that's more on the recovery of the market itself. But like you mentioned, there is an ASP uplift that will increase our revenue disproportional from just the unit growth and also a penetration rate that as ADAS gets to more level 2+, you got more units within the base of the SAR that we're targeting. So you can think about it as SAR plus the content uplift, both ASPs and units. Now importantly also, I do want to talk about the industrial side of that business where we don't have the same market share as we do in automotive. So there's more expansion we can do. We've had a slew of new products that we've introduced in the industrial market. The SWIR acquisition we've made adds yet another layer of that differentiation and the technology leadership for our image sensing group, that goes specifically in the industrial and the defense market. So again, same strategy of regional and application proliferation that we're doing in the power, you're seeing that kind of parallel in the imaging or the sensing business.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks Hassane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question and good morning. I know you mentioned that auto was kind of in line with your expectations, but I think 11% sequentially was a little worse than I was expecting and some of your peers are printed this quarter. Was that a conscious decision on onsemi's part to ship more conservatively or did something -- did anything in your customers' behavior change over the last couple of months as some of the weaker auto production came out or maybe something idiosyncratic would fit? Most importantly, does the slight growth in the third quarter that you're guiding to assume you're roughly shipping to end demand or is there any more digestion going on there? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, let me start with the last part. We believe it's below end demand as I talk about the inventory burn. But as far as quarter-on-quarter guide and it's hard and I'll give you a piece of advice. It's hard to compare to peers because it's all a timing. In the short term, when I call it within a 90 day plus 90 days, minus 90 days, it's really a timing discussion of how much inventory was there, how far ahead or below end demand. At the end of the day, you have to look at it from an end-demand. End demand is exactly what I -- what I mentioned. We don't see signs of recovery, but we do see signs of stabilization. Over a multi-quarter period, it's all going to stabilize and everybody who ships into auto is going to converge to an auto number plus their content specifically to the company. So I don't look at it as a delta to peers or a delta to our customers. It's literally a -- where do we believe the automotive market is. Some of our Tier-1s have more inventory than others, so it will take them longer. But inventory burn is directly related to demand. Demand accelerates, inventory burns accelerate. Demand doesn't, inventory burn takes longer to achieve. So I would call it just a timing thing. There's nothing, I guess, intentional in managing to a number here.
Joshua Buchalter: Thank you. I appreciate that color, Hassane. And then thanks for the data point on the ex-market leader silicon carbide attach rate being in the 6% range. I mean, you're speaking with customers and have great insight into obviously ongoing design-wins in their product ramps. Any intermediate milestones you could give us on where you expect the stick attach rate to be maybe in 2025 or over the next few years? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, I mean we still see a growth in silicon carbide as a market driven, of course, by the auto, industrial and AI that I talked about. So it's a broad proliferation. I think it's too early to talk about 2025. We'll have to see how 2024 exit rate is and really what the market does in 2025. If you look at a lot of the reports that are out there and talked to a lot of the customers that have reported already, it's a very broad range of what 2025 is going to look like. So it's too early to talk about 2025. What I can talk about is the rate of design-wins that we have, because that I can't measure, that I can't control and that I can provide where we are. I'm very happy with that progress. We talked about China, and we talked about the Beijing Auto Show where literally we went through every car that got announced in the show and I can tell you exactly that we are designed into it. As those cars ramp and as those cars become successful and the market recovers for, both in China beyond what it is and outside of China, those are the design-wins that are going to ramp for us and dictate what 2025, 2026 and beyond are going to be. So I will tell you, from a design-win perspective and a market relation perspective, we are firing on all cylinders here, or I guess I shouldn't say cylinders. We're firing on all motors today.
Joshua Buchalter: Well, thanks, Hassane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham and Company. Your line is open.
Quinn Bolton: Hey, Hassane, I'm just wondering if you might be able to give us any sense of sort of timing of the VW ramp. You mentioned you thought you'd be across pretty much all of the VW models over time. Are they staged, or do they sort of all ramped in the same general time period? And then I've got a follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Typically, well, that's a question for them really. I can't disclose their plan for a ramp. But it's not an on-off switch. I guess, I can say that.
Quinn Bolton: Got it. And then just looking at the second half, it's pretty clear your message is that end-demand hasn't really started to recover yet, maybe it's stabilizing. So as you look at your L-shaped recovery comments, I guess I'm just trying to reconcile, you guys are shipping below end consumption right now as inventory is being digested. Is your L-shaped commentary really more a reflection of end demand, or of your revenue because I would think at some point as the inventory digestion process ends, you would snap back to consumption. And I would think that would put some growth into your numbers if you're currently shipping below consumption levels. So, any thoughts on that reconciliation would be helpful. Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes, this is Thad. You nailed it, right. When we talk about the L-shaped recovery, it's really our revenue, right. We believe right now, we're still under shipping natural demand as there is an inventory digestion going on. As that inventory is got off, we think our revenue over time will increase again. But yeah, the L-shape is not demand, it's more of our revenue just given the inventory out in the channel.
Quinn Bolton: So it sounds like we've got a couple more quarters of that inventory digestion from your vantage point.
Thad Trent: Well, I think it depends on demand as Hassane said, right. I mean, if demand picks up, the inventories bled faster. If demand slows, it takes a little bit longer. But look, for what we can see for the remainder of this year, that's why we're saying L-shaped. If you look at Q3, we're up almost 1%, we'll see what Q4 does.
Quinn Bolton: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks, guys. Just a quick question on the inventory going back up. It sounds like there's still plenty of inventory out there amongst certain OEM customers. So given the L-shaped recovery, why would the disti want to take up their inventory and not keep it flat?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Sure. If you recall in our last -- this is Hassane. If you recall on our last call, we talked about the mass market. So it's not really the top customers or the named customers that we have, it's more of the tail of customers that we really ourselves have starved and I've mentioned it multiple times and during the call it, the pandemic where we didn't have a lot of -- we were supply-constrained. We prioritized all of our lead customers at the expense of the broad market or mass market. Right now, we talked about how we're starting to replenish and address the mass market. We started last quarter, so we expected that slight uptick. So it is driven strategically by us. Obviously, the metric for -- just to give you a little insights of how I look at it and why it's important for us. I look at it as new customer counts that we are adding. And that's again mass market thousands of customers. As that remains on an upward trajectory, even today, we will continue to replenish the mass market. So strategically, that's a closed-loop approach that we -- that I look at operationally to manage this.
Thad Trent: Yes. And Chris, if you look at that 8.9 weeks, there's actually a mix-shift within that 8.9 weeks, right. So more going to the mass market and less going into specifics for customers as we continue to bleed through that inventory. So we're managing that inventory extremely tight in the channel. And just keep in mind, historical levels of inventory in the channel was 11 weeks to 13 weeks. So we're significantly below where the company had been historically.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. That's really helpful. And then for my follow-up on silicon carbide. I know you're not given any numbers or anything, but if we look at your backlog and pricing for the year for next year, was there any volatility? Has that changed in the last three months? Any sort of changes in your own like 2024, 2025 backlog, or pricing assumptions?
Hassane El-Khoury: No. No, pricing is stable, if you recall. I mean, whether the units are coming in exactly what we had in the LTSAs or not, pricing is in the LTSA. So we've been very consistent about -- we discuss with customers on the LTSAs to reach to a win-win, but we invested based on the ROI and ROI is specific not just on volume, but also pricing. We can't control volume, neither can our customers to a first order as market dependent. So we're flexible there. But from an investment and pricing, I would say that's stable and that's really stable across all of our business. I won't just say about silicon carbide and it's seen in the margin holding where it is versus historical. So pricing is stable. And recall, when we started on this transformation journey, I said we're pricing for value. Value doesn't change based on the market environment. If the product brings value, then the product brings value and will price accordingly, and then the volume in units will follow up with the market.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks, Hassane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hey guys, thanks for the question. Just given some of your announcements mid-quarter on data center power using SiC, I was wondering if you guys could size that opportunity. It sounded like AI in 2025 was at least $0.5 billion opportunity, just running some rough numbers there. But if you could size the opportunity to talk about kind of your expected market share, or any other details that would be terrific.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I'm not breaking the AI market at that level. We will as that market really in my view, starts proliferating for us. If you recall, the same thing we did with energy infrastructure where we started talking about it from a design-win until it became a more meaningful part of revenue and more meaningful part of the market. So stay tuned. What I would like -- what I talked about today is the opportunity from a product perspective, design in and really the, call it, the SAM per -- per rack and as we make progress through these and with our new product introduction on the mixed-signal analog, not just on the power, we'll give out a little bit more detail on that.
Thad Trent: And Chris, if you go back to our Analyst Day last year, we talked about the data center growing at 22% over a multi-year period. I think with AI and data center ramping, you can think about that over a multi-year period. It's probably being higher than that.
Christopher Rolland: Excellent. Thank you. And then my second question is around LTSAs. I don't know if you have any numbers or updates there, but just kind of how are they trending? Have you noticed in terms of pushouts, renegotiations? Have those slowed? Have they become more favorable in those negotiations? Any changes over the past couple of quarters here?
Thad Trent: Yes, Chris, I would say it's pretty stable. So the lifetime value of our LTSAs are $14.7 billion. If you look at what's shippable over the next 12 months, it's about $4.4 billion, so about 30% of that. Pretty consistent with the -- with what we've been seeing as you ship LTSAs. And I think as we've said, the LTSAs, pricing is stable, it gives us that call on demand changes and why we've seen many of the market shifts prior to many of our peers. So I think the LTSAs are strategic in the way that they're actually proving value in how we manage our business.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, I mean, even today with the market environment that we've been talking about, we do have customers asking for LTSA because it's not -- you don't need the LTSA when the market is what it is today, they stage on needing the LTSA when the actual market recovers and they don't want to be stuck in traffic in the allocation. If the snap back is across all markets and very quick, so it's a future-proofing, it's a strategic tool and of course, it drives that discussion with the customer about what is their need based on new products and existing product ramps.
Christopher Rolland: Thank you, guys. Very helpful.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Your direct customer business was down about 18% sequentially in the June quarter versus your disti business, which was up 5%. So it seems that most of the inventory-related issues are with your direct customers. And given that orders are probably the best indicator of inventory dynamics at your direct customers since you don't monitor the sell-through. Did the order trends in direct start to stabilize in Q2? And has that stabilization continued so far quarter-to-date?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So first of all, on the mix-shift between disti and direct, keep in mind, most of that industrial business goes through the distribution. So that's that long tail of customers. So that's why you're seeing a little bit more there where the big automotive guys typically are direct. So you're right. As we've seen some recovery in industrial, you're seeing a little bit more of a shift to disti and a little bit less on direct. So I think it's just kind of a short-term as you go through this digestion period. Looking forward, I would say things are -- things are stabilizing here.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for that. And then other of your peers in the analog and power markets have seen a pickup in China. I know in the first quarter, you had not seen the seasonal pickup post-Chinese New Year as you move through the second quarter. It looks like Asia, which includes China, you did see slight sequential revenue growth. So have the order trends also started to stabilize and improve in this region? And is it broad-based or biased more towards industrial and/or automotive?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So we said in our prepared remarks, we're seeing China stabilizing. We're seeing growth there. It's both automotive and industrial. We talked about energy infrastructure as well as the second half recovery. So that would be a lot of that goes through China. But yeah, I would say it's the broader market of auto and industrial in China, and that's definitely leading the recovery right now.
Harlan Sur: Great color. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good morning. Thanks for letting me in. Just a follow-up on China. How sustainable do you believe this is? How would you categorize inventories in China specifically? Are you seeing any type of government incentives? Or is it just that there's a rebound after several quarters of weakness?
Hassane El-Khoury: I guess that's a tough question to posture. But that the market pickup in China, I think the demand is coming back. We've had a pretty big trough what we talked about in the prior question, there was no recovery after the Chinese New Year. We've been talking about potential regard. So I look at it as driven by end-market demand, not necessarily a specific government incentives or any of that because I haven't really seen any major announcements in China to drive their economy. So, therefore, I would call it as a broad-based demand stabilization towards a recovery. For us with our penetration in China on silicon carbide and really on the silicon across the board, we will just benefit and we will see it. And given that we are very tight on the inventory in the channel, we will see the sell-through much quicker than having to wait to drain through large channel inventory like potentially some of our peers. So from our view, we've established ourselves in a very good position to see the uptick really quick. We started to see it in Asia, specifically in China like we talked about. But I wouldn't call it any specific incentives that may or may not be sustainable. So, therefore, as long as the market stays the way it is, I would call that sustainable.
Tristan Gerra: Okay, great. Very useful. And then as my follow-up. Maybe I missed it. What was the point-of-sales for disti in Q2 sequentially? And what was the percentage of disti of your total revenue in the quarter?
Thad Trent: Yes. All that on the website that we post. Distribution as a percentage of total increased whereas direct actually decreased, but that's all posted on the revenue trends that we put on the website there.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, thanks, guys. I guess congratulations on weathering the storm reasonably well in this cycle, gentlemen. Hassane, one for you. Is it fair to say that your win at Volkswagen should put all the wafer quality rumors, guzzle, conjecture, whatever you want to call it that's been going on in the last year that should be put to rest now that you've got a major win like Volkswagen? And then the second part to that question is, is there still -- is your -- are your wins in silicon carbide still a function of wafer availability, the fact that you are -- you can make your own wafer? And did you say that you're the lead at Volkswagen for this particular set of wins?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So by the way, by now, I thought the whole rumors about yields and quality and all that nonsense has been put to bed. But just for the record, if not, the answer is, of course, the answer has always been. So for the few non-believers out there, I think they're either not listening, not looking at the signs, not listening to the announcement or the head is buried in the sand. We've been very clear about our performance. Our wins have been speaking for themselves. So the answer is, of course, somebody like VW Group doesn't award on a whim. They award based on audits, reviews, and based on in-depth, on-site, and technical depth and reviews. So I'll just put it -- put it at that. As far as the VW win, we are the primary, which is to answer your question, yes, we are the primary for that and the breadth is for the VW, a brand overall, or the VW Group overall.
Harsh Kumar: Appreciate it, Hassane. And for my follow-up. In the past cycles, Hassane, we've seen the channel recover fast, particularly when it's been starved in this manner. I guess, I'm going to put you in a theoretical spot here. Why do you think the channel is not spiking up? Is it because there is still plenty of inventory out there and they don't feel like they need to load up just yet and it's going to come or is something shifted in the way they're thinking about stocking product?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I mean, I can't speak for the channel in general. I can speak for what we've done in the channel. If you recall, the last few years, we've been managing the channel way tighter than a lot of our peers and really way tighter than they would want us to manage. They would take more if we ship more. But we didn't want to have a balloon in the channel inventory like some of our peers have because that puts us quarters away from seeing a recovery because even if you get the POS recovered and you have a lot of weeks in the channel, that's that latency that we didn't want to have and we want to be closely tight. That's why I mentioned strategically, as we ship specifically to the mass market, the metric I use is customer count increasing that we ship to. So we are shipping and replenishing the mass market. And I do monitor again, it's not a quarterly metric, think about it as inventory velocity. From the time we ship it to the mass market, how long before it ships out. That velocity is monitored the number of customers is monitored. That's why I feel very good about increasing our channel inventory for the mass market. But if you talk about channel inventory for the top customers, the industrial customers or what I would call the named customers, that just follows the trend because, look half of our inventory in the channel is fulfillment. So it is demand-related directly.
Harsh Kumar: Got it. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call back over to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: We continue to prioritize operational excellence through the market correction and demonstrate the resilience of our business. We're very proud of our global teams for executing through the current demand environment with prudent financial management. We are a better-structured company because of the work we put in during the downturn. Thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the onsemi First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal. Please go ahead. 
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and thank you for joining  onsemi's First Quarter 2024 Quarterly Results Conference Call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO, and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2024 first quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately 1 hour following this conference call, and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a discussion of certain limitations when using non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investors Relations section. 
 During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding the future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, are described in our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the first quarter of 2024. 
 Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other events that may occur except as required by law. 
 Now let me hand it over to Hassane. Hassane? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag. Good morning and thank you all for joining us on the call. In the first quarter, our worldwide team delivered revenue of $1.86 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 45.9% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.08, all above the midpoint of our guidance. We have remained laser focused on our execution, driving new design win growth of 30% quarter-over-quarter, and gaining share in silicon and silicon carbide based on the strength of our technology. 
 Customers value the breadth of our portfolio and the superior performance of our intelligent power and sensing technologies, which continue to fuel platform wins. Leading indicators of future revenue to support our plan to outgrow the market in automotive and industrial with new product revenue in Q1 increasing 9% year-over-year, and we expect it to continue to outpace total company growth with favorable gross margins at scale. 
 Specifically, we believe our silicon carbide business to have the best financial performance in the industry on a fully loaded basis with more than 50% of substrates coming from internal production in the first quarter. The performance of our silicon carbide solutions, combined with our vertically integrated supply chain, are enabling us to rapidly diversify our customer base. 
 Having just returned from the China Auto Show in Beijing, I remain confident that we are continuing to gain share and expanding into the top 10 leading Chinese OEMs where we are already designed into the newly announced 800-volt EV platforms and set to start ramping in the second half of 2024. 
 As for the global silicon carbide market, we still expect an increase in the TAM, although at a lower rate than previously anticipated. The increase is primarily driven by incremental volumes of EVs produced globally over 2023, even as total SAAR is projected to be flat to slightly down. 
 We continue to gain share in silicon carbide and diversify across all markets and still expect our revenue to increase 2x the market growth in 2024. Outside of silicon carbide, there was incremental softness in the market in the first quarter. 
 Inventory digestion persisted across the automotive and industrial markets with stabilization in the traditional part of our industrial business. We remain cautious about the second half outlook, but we expect customer inventory levels to normalize and the market to stabilize. 
 We will maintain our disciplined approach to navigating the current environment and expect to deliver predictable results as we have demonstrated. Through this environment, we're also investing to further our leadership in the high-growth megatrends of automotive, industrial and cloud, including data centers. 
 During our Analyst Day last May, we highlighted a $19 billion high-margin TAM opportunity that we could service by expanding our portfolio of power management and sensor interface technologies. To best align with the strategic intent, we have formed the analog and mixed signal group, which will deliver industry-leading full system solutions for these markets. 
 Electrification remains the largest growth opportunity for onsemi across xEVs from BEV to ATV. We provide a unique value proposition for our customers with our wide range of silicon carbide and IGBT solutions along with our high-powered packaging technologies. 
 Our revenue from xEV grew by approximately 60% year-over-year, significantly outpacing unit production, and we continue to gain share with our silicon carbide and silicon products primarily in BEV. 
 In automotive sensing, the shift towards higher-resolution image sensor for ADAS systems continues with customers moving to better performance options. Our revenue for 8-megapixel image sensors increased more than 30% quarter-over-quarter and more than 60% year-over-year, demonstrating the market trend towards higher resolution for ADAS systems. 
 In medical, we are leveraging AI technology in our processors for hearing aids to adapt to the user's unique hearing environment for an improved listening experience, and we are designed in more than 50% of over-the-counter hearing aids currently available in the market. 
 With a relentless focus on innovation, we are actively investing in new products and technologies to extend our competitive advantage and drive above-market revenue growth at favorable margins, consistent with our Analyst Day commitment. 
 We remain on track and continue to make progress towards 200-millimeter in silicon carbide. We are already sampling new mixed-signal products, and we are gaining share across the portfolio based on the differentiation of our technology. 
 Our investment in cloud and data centers over the last 3 years has enabled us to benefit from the incremental opportunity we are seeing from the rapid rise of AI. Next-generation AI server racks will require 200 to 300 kilowatts of power, as much as the power needed in a BEV. 
 Our full suite of high-efficiency power tree solutions from the power supply unit or PSU to the CPU or GPU consuming the power continues to present the content expansion opportunity as customers look to us to solve their power density problems in data centers. As we look forward with disciplined, consistent execution while maintaining the customer-centric mindset, we will navigate the current environment and continue to deliver value for our stakeholders. 
 Let me now turn it over to Thad to give you more details on our results. Thad? 
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. Our teams have been relentless in their pursuit of operational excellence. Their focus on execution to drive more predictable and sustainable results once again delivered first quarter results that exceeded expectations. Our ability to respond to the current market environment and deliver better results than ever in a downturn demonstrates the resiliency we've built into the business over the last 3 years. 
 Amid continued inventory digestion in automotive and industrial, we reported Q1 revenue of $1.86 billion, down 8% quarter-over-quarter and down 5% year-over-year. Our automotive business of $1 billion grew 3% as compared to the quarter a year ago and declined 9% quarter-over-quarter, in line with our expectations. Vehicle electrification and advanced safety applications remain the long-term growth drivers for this business. 
 Our revenue for industrial was $476 million, down 14% versus the first quarter of 2023, and down 4% sequentially. We are seeing early signs of stabilization in our traditional industrial business, which is slightly less than half of our total industrial. Long term, we expect upside opportunities in industrial to come from energy infrastructure, factory automation and medical applications. 
 As a result of our strategy to shift to the high-growth megatrends for the sustainable ecosystem, our Automotive and Industrial revenue accounted for 80% of our business in Q1. 
 Looking at the split between the operating units. Revenue for the Power Solutions Group, or PSG, was $874 million, an increase of 2% year-over-year coming from higher silicon carbide revenue in automotive and industrial applications, offset by a decline of silicon power products. 
 Revenue for the analog and mixed signal group, or AMG, was $697 million, a 6% decline year-over-year driven by declines in industrial and automotive. As previously announced, we have formed AMG to deliver industry-leading full system analog mixed-signal solutions. Prior period revenue has been reclassified and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 Revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group, or ISG, was $292 million, an 18% decrease year-over-year due to a decline in industrial and automotive. Gross margin -- GAAP gross margin was 45.8% in the first quarter and non-GAAP gross margin was 45.9% compared to 46.7% in Q4 and 46.8% in the quarter a year ago. These results exceeded expectations, even though utilization was at 65%, a slight decrease from 66% in Q4. 
 In prior downturns, at similar utilization levels, our gross margin was approximately 30%. Though muted By utilization, our gross margin expansions continue. Most notably, our Fab Right strategy of optimizing our existing footprint is well underway, and our teams continue to drive operational excellence with cost improvement opportunities. 
 At East Fishkill, we have aggressively improved the operational efficiency of the fab, reducing the fixed and variable cost to reach parity and wafer costs with our other fabs. The dilutive impact in Q1 was 140 basis points as compared to 200 basis points in the fourth quarter. We expect this to be roughly 100 basis points dilutive for the remainder of the year for the ongoing foundry business with GLOBALFOUNDRIES. 
 As a result of our cost-reduction efforts at EFK and our Fab Right initiatives, we now expect 1 point of utilization improvement across our manufacturing network will result in approximately 15 to 20 basis points of gross margin improvement. 
 Now let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter was $328 million as compared to $353 million in the first quarter of 2023. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $314 million as compared to $286 million in the quarter a year ago. As Hassane mentioned, we continue to invest to further our leadership position in our focus markets. 
 GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 28.2% and non-GAAP operating margin was 29%. Our GAAP tax rate was 15.7% and non-GAAP tax rate was 16%. GAAP earnings per share for the first quarter was $1.04 as compared to $1.03 in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per share was near the high end of our guidance at $1.08 as compared to $1.19 in Q1 of 2023. 
 GAAP diluted share count was 437 million shares, and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 432 million shares. In Q1, we deployed $100 million or 36% of our free cash flow for share repurchases. In the last 12 months, we have repurchased $560 million worth of shares and returned nearly 100% of our free cash flow back to our shareholders. 
 Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents was $2.6 billion, and we have $1.1 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $499 million, and free cash flow increased 3x year-over-year to $276 million, representing 15% of revenue. 
 Capital expenditures during Q1 were $222 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 12%. As previously indicated, we expect 2024 capital intensity to be in the low teens for the full year. 
 Inventory increased by $35 million sequentially, and days increased by 15 days to 194. This includes 86 days of bridge inventory to support fab transition in the silicon carbide brand. Excluding these strategic builds, our base inventory decreased $31 million sequentially to approximately 109 days. 
 We continue to proactively manage distribution inventory. Disti inventory was down $19 million sequentially with weeks of inventory at weeks -- at 8 weeks as expected versus 7.2 weeks in Q4. As previously mentioned, we expect to replenish the channel in 2024 to service mass market customers and expect inventory to start to normalize with increasing inventory levels to approximately 9 weeks over the next few quarters. 
 Now let me provide you the key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the second quarter. A table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is provided in the press release related to our first quarter results. Given the current macro environment and our demand visibility, we anticipate Q2 revenue will be in the range of $1.68 billion to $1.78 billion with softness across all end markets. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be between 44.2% and 46.2%. As we have shown, our structural changes are proving sustainable, and we expect to hold the mid-40% gross margin for -- floor with utilization in the mid-60% range. 
 Our Q2 non-GAAP gross margin includes share-based compensation of $6.5 million. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses of $313 million to $328 million, including share-based compensation of $28.6 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP other income to be a net benefit of $12 million with our interest income exceeding interest expense. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 16% and our non-GAAP diluted share count for the second quarter is expected to be approximately 432 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.86 to $0.98. We expect capital expenditures in the range of $180 million to $220 million. 
 Our financial strategy and long-term targets remain unchanged. We are investing for our future while leaning on our playbook to drive operational efficiencies across the organization. We also remain committed to our capital allocation strategy of returning 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders over the long term. 
 We are a different company today, and I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our employees around the world for the value they've unlocked during our transformation journey. Their efforts were most recently recognized by the management top 250 ranking published by The Wall Street Journal, which identifies the most effectively managed businesses. We are proud to have been named as posting the biggest gain of any company and we will continue to strive for operating excellence as we navigate the coming quarters. 
 With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Kevin to open it up for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: First question, Hassane, I just want to get into the linearity of demand you saw in the first quarter and thus far in the second quarter and maybe specifically what you're seeing in the silicon carbide side. I know you said that the market TAM is going to be slower, but you'll still grow 2x that. What's your estimation for what the market TAM is going to do? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Specifically, on the first quarter, we did see a slowdown through the quarter. Specifically, if I were to break it, you can think about it after Chinese New Year, typically, we would expect a slight recovery or back to linearity, and we didn't -- that's where we started to see some of the incremental softness that we talked about, specifically in auto.
 As far as the silicon carbide, I think it's too early in the year to call a market. What I'm basing my comments on, and specifically the 2x growth, is really a bottoms-up share gain that we have based on a vehicle-by-vehicle and socket-by-socket that we're designed in. And we know what the sockets and the designs of the platforms are out there.
 What is pending to see today, and like I said, it's early in the year still, is the sell-through of these vehicles. As we get through the second half of the year, that picture will get clearer. I'll get a little bit more accurate as far as what the market would do. But for right now, we're looking at it as are we designed in more than 2x the sockets that are deployed this year, and the answer is yes. 
Ross Seymore: I guess for my follow-up, Thad, from you -- one for you on the gross margin side of things. Congrats for holding the 45% floor. Can you just walk some of the idiosyncratic puts and tastes going forward? I know you said what the utilization impact will be when revenues and all of that go up. But East Fishkill, exiting fabs, all those sorts of things, what sort of -- what are the pluses and minuses as we think about gross margin through the year? 
Thad Trent: Sure, sure. So just starting with the utilization. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, 1 point of utilization is 15 to 20 basis points of gross margin improvement. So think about us being at the mid-60s. If we get back up into the low 80s, you can do the math on the tailwind there.
 For East Fishkill, we expect this year, it's about 100 basis points dilutive as we go through the rest of the year. That's the foundry business. As I mentioned, we now have the cost parity with our other fabs. So we're happy with the progress we've made there. That gap is underutilized. So you get that benefit, as I mentioned, on the utilization.
 The other component is the fab divestitures from 2022, the 4 fabs. We start to see that's starting to be monetized in 2025. That's $160 million of annualized costs. We won't see it all in '25, but we'll start to recognize it in '25 and the outer-years as we move that production into our fab network. So that's another nice tailwind.
 And then we've got the ramping of new products that are accretive to gross margins. That includes silicon carbide. As we continue to scale silicon carbide in '25 and further, that becomes accretive. And all new products, as Hassane mentioned, the new product revenue is growing, that at scale is all accretive as well. So I think if you do the math there, you start to get pretty close to our target. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. 
Vivek Arya: Hassane, I'm trying to understand the message and the outlook for the second half that we get the -- weaker and the headwinds for Q2, but how should we think about the pace of recovery from here? Because I thought I heard Thad say that you plan to increase, I think, distribution inventory. That sounds like a positive message, but if things started to get weaker towards the end of Q1, that doesn't sound like a positive message. 
 So I'm just trying to understand what are you trying to signal for the second half. Is Q2 the bottom? And how should we think about Q3 from what we know today? Obviously, it's a fluid environment. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I'll -- let me try to clarify here. First off, I'm not going to call the bottom. I was very clear last time, I'll call it when I'm sitting on the top on the other side. But what we are seeing -- we did see the slowdown -- that slowdown -- inventory digestion and demand. And I believe the 2 are related persistent in our outlook for Q2. But for the second half, we are starting to see stabilization in demand.
 Now I wouldn't go as far as calling it a recovery. But I think if I were to use a letter that everybody talks about, it's an L at this point, meaning we're seeing stabilization, we're seeing recovery, meaning it's not deteriorating further. Now whether or not the demand will pick up, that's too close to call that. But at least we see stabilization in our outlook. 
Vivek Arya: Okay. And then on the silicon carbide, just 1 or 2 near term and then kind of the longer term. On the near term, what did your silicon carbide sales do in Q1, either sequentially or year-on-year? And what's your China exposure? 
 And then there's a lot of industry discussion about low-priced EVs. And I think you guys have both silicon and silicon carbide. And I'm wondering if there is an industry move towards the so-called lower-priced EVs, especially in the U.S. market? Would that be positive or neutral to ON's power opportunity? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So on the first question, we're not breaking up the silicon carbide on a quarterly -- last year, we annual and we talked about, for both competitive reasons, we're not breaking up the quarterly. What we have said is, it will obviously increase in 2024 from 2023, but we will update the annual year or the annual results for 2024 as we get towards the end of the year.
 As for the low-cost EVs, it's an interesting dynamic in the market. Our position, we will benefit regardless of what technology the customer uses, whether it's silicon carbide or IGBT. And we have seen areas where we have benefited from both, whether at the same customer account or even in the same platform.
 What I also want to highlight is we've been pushing the efficiency on silicon carbide, both device and package with our new generation that we're -- we've announced and designed in -- to customers, where it will be ramping in the second half of this year, specifically with a lot of the China OEMs that you can argue are at a low-cost or low-price point for a low-cost EV. Those have also silicon carbide because the dynamic that you see, the benefit they get from using onsemi's silicon carbide with onsemi's packaging from a module perspective, given the efficiency that they will save way more dollars on the battery than they were just going from silicon carbide to IGBT.
 So from a system-level solution, the battery is the biggest bond and they can save battery by using any of the technology, they win on the low cost, and we've seen customers do that. But regardless of what technology and what system level of cost they want to optimize, we will benefit, whether it's silicon carbide or IGBT. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. 
Christopher Danely: Just another question on silicon carbide. So if you're not going to give us the quarterly revenue, what are gross margins doing? Are they stabilizing? Or are they going down? And then how about your pricing expectations for the rest of the year? Have your pricing expectations changed? And what revenue level do you need to get -- to that 50% gross margin target? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. The -- I think the gross margin is -- for silicon carbide is stable. As we talked about last year, it will remain stable as we increase revenue, but we've also added capacity. So kind of the utilization and the growth will offset each other to give us that stability in the gross margin.
 Longer term, of course, you got the utilization as we grow into our installed footprint. So that will give us a nice upside on the gross margin. As we ramp internal substrates, that will give us -- the incremental gross margin that gets us to -- be above the 50% that we talked about. And as we march closer to the model -- for the corporate level model at 53% long term.
 Now one thing I do want to highlight is we also are making incremental improvements on our efficiency side, which means that we are able to service the same level of power that the customer require with a smaller die. So from a system-level cost, we are also making technology improvements in order to improve our cost. 
 So between the cost, the new products that we talked about earlier, and growing into the capacity, that's where that's going to give us the incremental margin. We see it in the standard margin if you take out underutilization. And that's what we're going to grow into. So we're pretty comfortable with our trajectory on silicon carbide margin, and we'll continue to execute. 
Christopher Danely: Great. And then for my follow-up, between your 2 big markets, auto and industrial, would it be fair to say that the industrial market appears to be stabilizing, but the automotive market is getting a little bit weaker? And is all of that weakness in silicon carbide? Or is there weakness in auto outside of silicon carbide? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Sorry, you blanked out the last [indiscernible] -- I didn't catch it. 
Christopher Danely: Oh, okay. Yes. Can you guys hear me okay now? 
Thad Trent: Yes, we can hear you Chris. 
Christopher Danely: Okay. Great. So just between the 2 big end markets, auto and industrial, is it fair to say that broadly speaking, the industrial market for you guys is stabilizing? And then on the automotive market, is it fair to say it's getting a little bit incrementally weaker? And is that incremental weakness all silicon carbide? Or is there weakness in the non-silicon carbide automotive business? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I think at a high level, between the market, your comment is true. I don't think from an overall -- from the automotive side, the second part of your question, I don't think it's only on the silicon carbide. 
 Silicon carbide, I think it's well understood in general as far as the TAM. But our growth on silicon carbide is really more on share gains rather than just specific to total market. And we've been very consistent about that. 2024 is still on track for that. But we did see incremental softness in automotive on the silicon side as well, which is more on the broader aspect of automotive. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: I had a question on the silicon carbide business as well. For this year, Hassane, what's the rough split between automotive and industrial? And more importantly, I was hoping you could speak to your diversification efforts. I think customer concentration has been a bit of an issue from an investor perspective. Your largest customer was significant last year. I think they'll continue to be significant this year, but how should we think about your customer base and your customer mix broadening, an SiC specifically, going forward? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So the first part of the question. It's been pretty consistent. You can think about it as 80-20, 80% auto, 20% industrial, give or take. Depending on the quarter and when the ramp happens, they're a little bit asynchronous ramps based on the end market.
 As far as diversification, we've been very consistent on 2024 will be more diversified than what 2023 was. That remains the case. Last quarter, we called out ramps in automotive OEMs in Europe starting to ramp EV with onsemi silicon carbide. The comment I made today is further proliferation in the Chinese EV, which today is the biggest penetration of electrification in light vehicle production. 
 Between those 2 efforts as these ramp in the second half getting us to that 2x market that I talked about, that's going to come with further diversification across all geographies. Very consistent with where our LTSAs originally were, and where the ramps have started to occur. So predictable, consistent and we're executing to that. 
Toshiya Hari: Great. And as a follow-up, I feel like you talked about data center a little bit more than on prior calls. To level set us, can you speak to the exposure you have to AI or data center more broadly today? And how are you thinking about the growth profile there over the coming years given the focus on AI infrastructure spend across your end customers? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. If you go back to our last Analyst Day where Sudhir, in his prepared comments, he talked about the power tree being very similar in automotive, industrial and cloud and data center. We've talked a lot about our penetration and our success in auto and industrial, and we've shifted our focus over the last 3 years to the cloud and data center.
 And at Analyst Day, we talked about that outlook being about 22% CAGR over the next 5 years. That's what our investment thesis has been. We've been introducing products both on the power discrete side, and furthermore on, call it, controllers and point of load and so on, which is more on the intelligent power coming from our Analog and Mixed-Signal Group that we've organized around that effort. So all of these put together are where our investment has been.
 I talked more about it this quarter than I did last quarter even just because of our progress on it. Last quarter, I talked about our success in sampling, a lot of these products coming from that group. We're further sampling and engaging with customers. I'm very bullish about it. You'll hear more about it as we get through the year. But the target markets are auto, industrial, but on top of that is the cloud and data centers. 
Toshiya Hari: Are you able to size it for us today? Is it low singles, mid-singles? Any hints there? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Not yet. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Gary Mobley: Hassane, you probably realized this already, but most investors are worried about the ability for non-China silicon carbide suppliers to compete in the China market against local competition. 
 And your messaging on that front was clear that you're gaining share at the top 10 China automotive OEMs. But longer term, what's your hook to remain successful in that marketplace? Is it a focus on higher-voltage battery systems? Is it hybrid silicon, silicon carbide solution? Is it local investment into the China market? Any color there would be helpful. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I've always been very consistent on -- we compete on the value of our products. Because at the end of the day, if you don't have value in the product, somebody somewhere is willing to take a lower margin for just good enough. That's not the business we're in. Therefore, maintaining our investments and maintaining an aggressive road map that provides value for the customer.
 From a customer perspective, they need to be looking at it by -- if I use onsemi, I can save hundreds of dollars on battery versus if I use somebody maybe cheaper locally, and I will have to add that cost on the battery. If that is the case, which is what we do and why we win in any geography, then it's irrelevant what the competition is doing as long as we maintain our leadership on the technology.
 We've proven this year after year. The competition in China has been no less or more, whether it's European vendors or local Chinese vendor. And we've proven our ability with our internal and vertically integrated strategy to compete to have the best financial structured business for silicon carbide, and to grow above market by gaining share. All of these are the leading indicators of how we were going to continue to tackle that business both in the short term and the long term. 
Gary Mobley: As a follow-up, I wanted to ask about your design win metrics. You called out a 30% quarter-over-quarter increase in design wins. I presume that's lifetime value. But looking at it as a more long-term basis, what -- the trends you're seeing there, lifetime value on maybe a trailing 12-month basis, is that supportive of the 10% to 12% long-term revenue growth targets you guys have outlined? 
Hassane El-Khoury: That's right. We do see that. That's kind of based on the model. You're right, it is a lifetime revenue. But the way I look at it, to support the 10% to 12%, it is the, I guess, the overlaid annual revenue on top of the base, on top of the new products that continue to grow. If I put all of these together, our next outlook is supporting the 10% to 12%. So you take the base, you add the new products, and you add new design wins on top of it, and that layering effect gives us that 10% to 12% growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. 
Harsh Kumar: Hassane, I had a quick question for you on distribution and OEM partner inventory. I guess the question is, which one for you is bigger? And then are you comfortable at this point with the inventory you're holding? Clearly, you mentioned that you're raising inventory at the disti, but would you give us some color on the inventory of the OEM partners? And also, this environment is a very good test of pricing. Are you seeing pricing generally hold up pretty well for your products? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Let me start with the pricing. Pricing is -- we've been saying pricing is stable. That's the power of the LTSA. A lot of the conversations we've had with customers on -- given the demand environment has been more on what do we do on the volumes rather than the pricing. That goes back to win-win. We invested in capacity. We will support customers in a softer market. But it has not been a pricing discussion, and we don't expect it to be a pricing discussion.
 As far as the inventory, look, we've been -- it changes based on the market. We believe the industrial side of it. If you recall, we start taking utilization down and reducing our shipments in industrial back at the end of 2022. So we've had longer than most of our peers, kind of a period in 2023, where we've helped customer drain in the industrial market drain their inventory. That's why we're seeing that stabilization that Thad talked about, and even better outlook for the standard part of our industrial business. So that's on the industrial.
 On the automotive, I don't think we're done. We saw that softness in Q1. As I mentioned earlier, you see it in the outlook for Q2. But I do think that there is further stabilization in the second half of the year. So that tells you kind of where we feel the inventory of the customers.
 But I will remind everybody, inventory at the customer is related to also demand. If demand picks up, inventory drain accelerates. If demand stays stable, it will take longer. But we feel like customers have a healthy level of inventory, and we feel good about it for the second half to call the stabilization.
 As far as the disti, we've always run very disciplined distribution inventory. We do have a second half ramp for new products that we talked about. You're going to see us click that up. Remember, this quarter -- or the prior quarter, we drained $19 million on the inventory in the channel. 
 Although weeks of inventory went up, dollars came down, although we beat slightly the guide. So with that, that gives you the disciplined approach that we've been pushing for, and we'll continue to do that. But we do expect inventory at the disti to go up, just readying for the ramps, both silicon carbide and some other new products that we have in the second half.
 Internal inventory has been very disciplined. We drained the base aggressively based on the utilization. We've taken a declining utilization to maintain inventory. The only inventory that went up is the strategic for a good reason. It's all a cap transfers. 
Harsh Kumar: Got it. I had a sort of a multipart question on silicon carbide. You talked about 2x growth relative to the market based on design wins, bottoms-up approach. I guess, when you talk to your customers, what kind of growth are they implying?
 And then secondly, you talked about wins in China. Are these based on your own internal wafers? Are they based on your outsourced wafers or external wafers? And then is there any situation you see where silicon carbide is flat in 2024 and just kind of wild possibility? 
Hassane El-Khoury: I don't want to talk about wild possibility. Look, I can only comment on what we see and where the customers and the market is. Silicon carbide is going to grow in 2024. And it's -- and we are going to grow 2x. What I can say about the market is specifically what I commented on earlier, we know the platforms that are ramping this year. We know the platforms we are in. We know what products we are putting in those platforms because think about it by now, all the stuff is qualified and just shipping and ramping. So based on that, that's where the 2x comes in.
 What I'm not commenting on as far as the TAM is, well, until those cars ship in the market, you don't really have a TAM to call out. So that's the reason for that.
 As far as mix, I said 50% of our substrates -- over 50% of our substrates are internal. But we don't ship, I guess, a different mix, whether it's going to China or it's going to the U.S. or going to Europe. We ship out of our inventory based on what we need to run manufacturing. And right now, it is a mix of over 50% is -- remains internal. But no customer has a requirement where the substrates need to come from because the substrates are not what gets qualified at a customer level. It is the device that gets qualified at a customer level. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: With the view that dynamics in the second half are going to start to normalize or stabilize, are LTSA, customer calls to revised volumes, push out cancellations on the non-LTSA business, are these activity levels here starting to stabilize or decline ahead of the second half shipment stabilization? Or do these activity levels continue to remain at pretty high levels? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. No, you're right in that comment. So they are -- they have slowed down, requests for pushouts, requests for changing volumes, and so on, which gives us that comfort to call out the second half stabilization that we talked about. But yes, it's basically just like the LTSAs have been a tool in the market softness, and seeing it earlier, that same tool for the slowdown in that discussion and the amendments that we're doing with customers gives us that other side of it. 
Thad Trent: And Harlan, I would add, if you look at the non-LTSA orders, the order pattern is getting stronger. So that's the stabilization we're seeing. We're seeing less cancellations, less pushouts than what we saw over the last couple of quarters. 
Harlan Sur: Perfect. Then from a geographical perspective, Asia ex Japan, which is primarily China, has declined about 24%-dollar terms over the past 2 years versus the total company, which is down 4%. How much of the decline in China is just broad-based China weakness? How much of it is your lean distribution strategy? Or how much of it is just related to low-margin, commodity-focused China business, which you've been moving away from over the past several years? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I think -- yes, I don't have the breakdown. But a majority of it is the exits that we talked about because if you recall, a lot of those exits were in the non-auto and industrial. So if you, add it all up and you do it year-on-year, then those exits are targeting that market, which is where the demand has been. So that's expected on the industrial and automotive.
 Actually, we've seen the share gains, obviously, on silicon carbide, I talked about in automotive. But in industrial -- in prior quarters, I've talked about LTSAs with 8 of the top 10 energy storage or renewable energy vendors. Most of them are in China. We've had tremendous growth in those markets over the last few years that we called out '22 to '23 even. 
 So all of these are share gains. But yes, they are offset. And one is the general weakness that everybody sees with how big the market is for semi's in China. But specifically for onsemi, it is the exits, which are today helping hold the margin where we are structurally. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. 
Christopher Rolland: I guess my first one is on the image sensor business, primarily. If you could talk about kind of demand and sell-through there but also inventories and your plans on internalizing some of those wafers from foundry into GLOBFO as well. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So I think -- look, demand for -- we have a high market share in image sensors. So demand for image sensor overall demand follows the automotive. We do believe that inventory situation is getting better. I put that under the commentary I made about general automotive.
 But the growth that we've seen specifically on the 8 megapixel is specific to a migration to higher-resolution cameras that we really talked about. Over the last 2 to 3 quarters, we've been calling it out. So that continues. That's a trend we can -- clearly see based on the growth of that business even in light of the light vehicle production numbers that are starting to come up. So from that perspective, it's clear.
 We do have an effort to introduce new products coming out of the fab. It is not 100% internal. We do have foundry partners that we value in this business, and we will continue to work together internally and externally. But as you can think about it as a supply assurance rather than a shift in strategy to just go internal. 
Christopher Rolland: Great. And also just a couple of housekeeping. Did you guys give lead times, utilizations and then cumulative LTSAs and/or next 12-month LTSAs? 
Thad Trent: Yes. Chris, it's Thad. Let me get through that. So just starting in reverse order, the lifetime LTSA value is $15.7 billion over the next 12 months, the value of that is $4.7 billion. I think that's consistent with what you heard last quarter if you think about what rolled off in Q1. 
 Lead times are down just slightly, roughly around 40 to 41 weeks. So not a big change on that side of things. And I did mention in the prepared remarks, utilization decreased slightly from 66% to 65%. We expect to be running in this range, plus or minus, for the remainder of the year until we start to see more of a market recovery. As we see the stabilization, we believe we can keep this utilization for the remainder of the year. 
Christopher Rolland: And Thad, since I have you, do you have SiC LTSAs as well? 
Thad Trent: I don't have that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. 
Joseph Moore: I wonder if you could talk to the opportunity in hybrid cars. As you sort of see some of the demand shifting from battery power to hybrid, what's the opportunity for ON? Is it silicon carbide? Is it IGBT opportunity? Can you just talk to that? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So the -- both the opportunity in, I would say, plug-in hybrid, parallel hybrid, or the non-BEV part of the electrification effort in mobility is both on IGBT. And some customers still are putting silicon carbide in there depending on the drivetrain. But the opportunity for us that I called out in prior quarters is about $350 worth of content for non-BEV. That's only in the powertrain. And then about $750 in a full BEV vehicle compared to $50 powertrain content in internal combustion. So those are kind of the ballpark numbers that we've talked about. 
Joseph Moore: Great. And then in terms of the pricing conversation, LTSA pricing, you said, is holding up. When you have new agreements, new customers, new designs, do you see -- is the pricing for that any different than what you've seen in the past, the way -- what pricing is embedded in your current model? 
Hassane El-Khoury: No. I mean we don't see -- on a product-by-product basis, there -- if we say the value of the product is what we price on, value doesn't change, whether it's design to design. Where you do see pricing movement is new technologies that we want to introduce, where the customer gets a benefit but also, we get a benefit, whether it's moving to a much smaller die given the efficiency of our new model. Those are a normal course of the business, where it is incremental margin for us, but you may see an ASP delta. But it's a different product. But that's the way the industry runs. 
Thad Trent: And Joe, it's Thad. Just remember, we walked away from that $475 million of highly volatile price-sensitive market. So I think in this situation, you probably see some pricing pressure on that. Obviously, we're not seeing a [ beach ]. We don't have that business today. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen. 
Joshua Buchalter: I apologize for beating the silicon carbide horse. But I understand there's a lot of volatility in that market, and you're reluctant to give a granular market forecast right now. But maybe we compare it to a few quarters ago, has the increased volatility been, would you say, because of a meaningful change in the adoption curve across the EV industry at a broad base of customers? Or is it because of pushouts or unit dynamics because of the early adopters that's driving the lower and more volatile forecast? 
Hassane El-Khoury: So I can't call out a specific customer. I think everybody can read what specific customers talk about and what their specific outlooks are. But what I would tell you is it's not a pushout, meaning every design that we thought would go to production when we were sitting here in 2023 is still going to production. So it's not a pushout of models. OEMs are not sacrificing the long-term view that they have on BEVs just because of the short-term volatility.
 So we are seeing the designs, qualified design ramp with a plan to ramp in -- starting in the second half of this year. What I called out Europe already. I talked about China as well. So it's not a pushout.
 What I would say the TAM is -- my comment about the TAM is what those volumes are. So the volumes that were planned last year are different than they are planned this year given the environment, but the same models planned are still going to market. So it's a very important distinction because one is the longevity and the strategy of the OEMs, and the other one is just reacting to a macro environment that we're in today. 
Joshua Buchalter: That's helpful, Hassane. And maybe for Thad. You called out that over the last 12 months, you've returned over 100% of free cash flow to investors, which is more than your formal policy of 50%. And was this because of some dislocation in the market you saw, and we should expect it to trend back towards 50%? Or should we expect it to sort of remain elevated here in particular as you go through the period of peak capital spending? 
Thad Trent: Yes. If you look back over the last 12 months, in Q4, we bought back $300 million. That was above our target there. And that was the dislocation, right? We've said our policy longer term is 50% over the long term, but we will take advantage and be opportunistic where it makes sense. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham. 
Quinn Bolton: I know you're not calling for a recovery yet in the second half of the market. But Hassane, your comments on the battery electric vehicle ramps in the second half of the year certainly imply that perhaps silicon carbide sees a better second half. So I'm wondering what's the offset that would keep revenue sort of more stable in the second half if I'm reading your comments about the battery electric vehicle ramps in the second half correctly. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. If you look at the -- and again, we don't guide -- we guide only 1 quarter at a time. But the second half, silicon carbide is higher than the first half of silicon carbide. That's absolutely correct, and that's because of the ramps that I called out.
 When I talk about stabilization, we go back to normalization. And you can think about it as normal supply and demand. Where demand is, that's what's going to be the offset or not for the second half. So it's too early to call is demand going to recover or not. But there's definitely demand increase on silicon carbide specifically that we can pinpoint to. 
Quinn Bolton: Got it. Makes sense. And then just -- I think you touched on it quickly in the prepared comments, but can you just give us the progress update on the 200-millimeter substrates and manufacturing needs to look into next year? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Still on track. What we talked about is qualifying '24 ramp in '25, and we're still on track to exactly that timeline. So no changes there, which is obviously a positive development of our silicon carbide efforts. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of today's presentation. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO, for any closing remarks. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Thanks to the tremendous effort of our global teams. We've transformed the company, improved our resiliency, and adapted to changing market conditions to deliver sustainable financial results. We remain dedicated to our customers, our financial commitments, and our strategy of enabling the sustainable ecosystem. Thanks to everyone on the call for joining and supporting onsemi. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ON Semiconductor Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, and thank you for joining onsemi's fourth quarter 2023 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast along with our 2023 fourth quarter earnings release will be available on our website approximately 1 hour following this conference call and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and a discussion of certain limitations when using non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding the future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are described in our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2023. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements will change and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other events that may occur except as required by law. Now, let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us on the call. We are pleased to share our results with you following another year of significant accomplishments as we continue transforming the company to achieve our long-term financial model. Our Intelligent Power & Sensing Technologies accounted for 71% of our revenue in 2023 compared to 62% in 2021 as we have driven our portfolio to strategic areas with higher gross margin. Our revenue from crude products in 2023 increased more than 40% over '22. Year-over-year, design win growth continues to outpace the long-term revenue growth target we outlined during our Analyst Day. We had a record year of automotive revenue increasing 29% over 2022, driven by both Intelligent Power & Sensing. We achieved our first $1 billion revenue year for automotive image sensors with design wins increasing more than 50% year-over-year, fueling our future growth with new products. It was a great year for silicon carbide. We shipped more than $800 million in 2023 or 4 times 2022 revenue. Our silicon carbide revenue had the highest growth in the industry, both in terms of dollars and percentage in 2023, delivering an estimated 25% market share. We increased our customer base to more than 600 customers in 2023. Our top 10 customers are geographically distributed with over 50% in APAC, including Korea, followed by the U.S., and we expect to further diversify our customer base in 2024 as European customers ramp production. We continue to make progress on our transition to 200 millimeter with material already running through our manufacturing steps and we announced the world's largest silicon carbide fab with our expansion in Bucheon, South Korea. While market reports still project 30% or 40% growth for silicon carbide in 2024, OEM's latest EV plans indicate a more tapered growth signaling a SiC market growth in the range of 20% to 30%. We still expect to grow at 2x the market growth in 2024 with customers ramping production in both industrial and automotive. Electrification remains a content expansion opportunity for us. Our broad portfolio of silicon carbide and IGBT combined with our high power packaging solutions give us a competitive advantage across all levels of EVs, ranging from HEV to PATV and BEV. In fact, our 2023 hybrid vehicle related revenue nearly doubled year-over-year, while the number of vehicles grew 30%. We have significant content gains across all ex-EVs and specifically up to $350 of content in hybrid electric drivetrains and onboard chargers. We grow no matter which one gains traction, pun intended. Onsemi is number two in silicon power with best-in-class IGBT and MOSFET technologies. Our overall IGBT revenue nearly doubled over the last two years, driven by market share gains and further penetration in ex-EV and energy infrastructure. In automotive, onsemi is number one in image sensors with 2023 revenue increasing more than 12% year-over-year driven by the shift to higher value 8 megapixel sensors as customers move to better performance options at higher ASPs. 8 megapixel image sensor revenue nearly doubled year-over-year demonstrating the market trend toward higher resolution for ADAS systems. We are also number one in automotive LED lighting, inductive and ultrasonic sensing and we plan to advance our leadership position with our upcoming analog and mixed signal platform. In Industrial, we are number one in solar and energy storage solutions with our IGBTs, silicon carbide and module portfolio from commercial to utility scale string inverters. Energy infrastructure is still our highest growth megatrend in industrial, where we continue to see demand for our hybrid modules with silicon and silicon carbide. In 2023, the International Energy Agency, or IEA, reported that the world's renewable energy surpassed 50% growth over 2022, its fastest rate in the past 25 years. Our revenue for energy infrastructure during the same period grew 60%. The IEA predicts that renewable energy is on course to increase by 2.5 times by 2030. For EV chargers, we just released a full suite of Elite sick power integrated modules, enabling bidirectional charging capabilities for DC ultrafast electric vehicle chargers. Our newly released modules can be used up to 350 kilowatt in EV chargers, the highest in the industry to reduce charging time to 15 minutes for a near full charge. Our broad portfolio of products has enabled us to become a one-stop shop for our customers and the source for the most optimized solutions. It is critical for customers to extract the best performance for their system and using our portfolio to provide a system level optimized solution across our power and sensing technologies remain a competitive advantage. We are also excited about our power opportunity to support the transition to 48 volt. We are already in production with a leading automotive customer on their new 48 volt architecture as we had already planned our portfolio for such a transition. Last year, we responded to the market uncertainty by focusing on our execution. As demonstrated with more predictable and sustainable financial results, our worldwide teams delivered operational excellence in the face of challenging market conditions without losing sight of innovation to further our leadership position in intelligent power and sensing solutions. We are happy with the progress we've made in 2023, having built a resilient business model capable of performing in all market environments. We are now turning to the opportunities for operational improvements in 2024 to achieve our target financial model. In the near term, based on our current outlook and early LTSA signals, we expect continued softness across all end markets through a period of inventory digestion and slowing end demand. The bottom line is that we will weather 2024 with substantially better financial performance than in prior downturns. Meanwhile, we will continue to invest in extending our leading portfolio, and we will benefit disproportionately as the market recovers. With that, I'll turn it over to Thad to provide further details on our results. Thad?
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. Our ongoing transformation in 2023 delivered significant improvement towards our long-term financial model. Our ability to proactively navigate through the current cycle while delivering better results than ever in a downturn is a testament to the work our teams have accomplished over the last three years. Today, onsemi is a different and more resilient company, having achieved 2023 non-GAAP gross margin of 47.1%, which is 1,440 basis points higher than 2020, the last year in which utilization was at comparable levels. We maintained revenue of $8.3 billion for the year, non-GAAP operating margin of 32.3% and delivered $5.16 of non-GAAP earnings per share. For the year, we returned 140% of free cash flow to our shareholders through share repurchases and we have $2.4 billion remaining on the buyback authorization we announced a year ago. For the fourth quarter, we reported revenue of $2.02 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 46.7% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.25, all above the midpoint of our guidance. Looking at the fourth quarter breakdown by end market, our Automotive business of $1.1 billion grew 13% as compared to the quarter a year ago and declined 4% quarter-over-quarter, in line with our expectations. Still, vehicle electrification and advanced safety features are driving upside as demonstrated by our record automotive revenue for image sensors in 2023. Our revenue for Industrial was $497 million, down 10% versus Q4 2022 and down 19% sequentially as anticipated. All segments have been impacted by macroeconomic factors and slowdown in industrial activity. Our automotive and industrial revenue accounted for 80% of our business in 2023 as compared to 68% in 2022, following our strategy to shift to high growth megatrends for the sustainable ecosystem. In Q4, we exited another $30 million of non-core business and for the full year, we exited $180 million. While we expected customers to find alternative options, the remaining non-core portions of our business are now healthy nearing corporate gross margins and demonstrating the power of our portfolio. Looking at the split between the operating units, revenue for the Power Solutions Group, or PSG was $1.1 billion an increase of 4% year-over-year due to an increase in silicon carbide revenue for auto and energy infrastructure. Revenue for the Advanced Solutions Group, or ASG was $625 million, a 11% decline year-over-year, driven by softness in compute and mobile end markets. Revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group, or ISG was $308 million, a 13% decrease year-over-year due to a decline in compute and industrial. In the fourth quarter, our GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of 46.7% was above the midpoint of our guidance. Our gross margin exceeded expectations despite total utilization decreasing to 66% from 72% in Q3, further validating the structural changes we have implemented over the last three years. We should see the full impact of the decline in utilization materialized in Q1. At East Fishkill, we have already made progress by improving the overall cost structure of the fab making it 50 basis points less dilutive than expected in the fourth quarter. Based on our current outlook, we expect to hold our gross margin above the mid-40% floor with utilization in the mid-60% range. Silicon carbide gross margin also remained above 40% with high profit fall through and we expect to maintain these levels through 2024. Now let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $330 million as compared to $316 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $306 million as compared to $300 million in the quarter a year ago. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 30.3%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 31.6%. Our GAAP tax rate was 7.8%, and our non-GAAP tax rate was 15.4%. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter was $1.28 as compared to $1.35 in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per share was above the midpoint of our guidance at $1.25 as compared to $1.32 in Q4 of 2022. Our GAAP diluted share count was 440 million shares, and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 434 million shares. In Q4, we were aggressive with our share repurchases and returned 136% of free cash flow to shareholders through $300 million of buybacks. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents was $2.5 billion, and we had $1.1 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $611 million, and free cash flow was $221 million or approximately 11% of revenue. Capital expenditures during Q4 were $391 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 19%. We expect 2024 capital intensity to be in the low-teens for the full year ahead of our original plan and driven by our improved silicon carbide manufacturing output on 150 millimeters. Inventory increased by $27 million sequentially and days increased by 13 days to 179. This includes approximately 74 days of bridge inventory to support fab transitions in the silicon carbide ramp. Excluding these strategic builds, our base inventory decreased $52 million sequentially with days of inventory at 105 days. We continue to proactively manage distribution inventory. Thus the (ph) inventory was down $11 million sequentially with weeks of inventory at 7.2 weeks versus 6.9 weeks in Q3. We have been underserving the mass market through this channel, while we focused on our LTSA commitments. We expect to replenish the channel in 2024 to service the long tail of customers and expect inventory to start to normalize with increase in inventory levels between seven and nine weeks over the next few quarters. Now let me provide you the key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the first quarter. A table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is provided in the press release related to our fourth quarter results. Given the current macro environment and our demand visibility, we anticipate Q1 revenue will be in the range of $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion with softness across all end markets. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be between 44.5% and 46.5%, primarily due to lower factory utilization and continued EFK headwinds. Our Q1 non-GAAP gross margin includes share-based compensation of $5 million. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses of $305 million to $320 million, including share-based compensation of $27 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP other income to be a net benefit of $8 million with our interest income exceeding interest expense. This benefit is a result of the debt restructuring activities we have completed over the last two years, reducing a significant historical drag on the P&L. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 15.5% to 16.5% and our non-GAAP diluted share count for the first quarter is expected to be approximately 433 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.98 to $1.10. We expect capital expenditures of $310 million to $340 million in brownfield investments primarily in silicon carbide and EFK. As we navigate through 2024, we will focus on operational excellence without losing sight of our long-term commitments to our customers and our shareholders. We remain perfectly positioned in the markets where we focus and continue to engage in long-term supply agreements with our strategic customers. We remain confident in our 53% long-term gross margin target as we execute our fab right strategy to optimize factory utilization and drive operational efficiencies across the company. With that, I'd like to start the Q&A. So I'll turn it over to Liz to open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Can you hear me?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah.
Ross Seymore: Great. First question is on the automotive side of things. I guess, kind of two parts to it. The silicon carbide side, it sounds like there's a little bit of a difference between the third-party estimates and what you're seeing from OEMs. And then last quarter, you talked about some weakness emerging in the Tier 1 guys in Europe. Can you just give us an update on what you've seen on kind of that side of the business as well?
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. Yeah. Look, we started the year regarding the silicon carbide, you know all know what the third-party estimates are. But when you look at customers, even public announced outlook for 2024, the outlook has been tapered down a little bit. From our side, however, it's purely demand driven. The platforms are qualified. The designs have been shipping. The question now is tied to end demand. And that's why we're still very confident in 2x the market growth. The question is, what will the market do in 2024 based on the few announcements that have been made, but it's a demand driven. We'll just tag on to demand. And then on to automotive in general, look, we saw softness. I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, it is inventory digestion, but it's also slowing demand. You'll see that in our guide as we work through it. But one thing for us as a very high priority is managing the inventory internally and managing the inventory externally, which means we have been taking utilization down in order to match what we believe the outlook is and when the outlook recover, we'll get all of that as tailwinds. So that's the cautious approach we've had given the signals we've seen. And we've seen them kind of come in as we've talked about since last quarter, because of the LTSAs are giving us that outlook.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for that. And I guess my follow-up for that. On the gross margin side, it looks like you're going to hold the 45 floor you talked about before. Can you just walk us through the puts and takes as the year progresses? And perhaps how big of a headwind is the utilization of 65% is going to be the floor on the utilization side approximately how much of an impact is that versus kind of the long-term target of getting back to 53%? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yeah, Ross. You're absolutely right. So we plan on holding that mid-40% floor. We think utilization will bottom out around the mid-60s. We're pretty close to that now. And if you look at our margin today, I think the company has executed very well, which really shows that our Fab Liter (ph) strategy that we implemented two years ago has worked very effectively. And as we execute Fab Right, we'll continue to drive cost efficiency across that network. What you should think about is every point of utilization is about 15 basis points of gross margin going both ways up and down. So you can kind of think about we're there, we've proactively taken our utilization down. We started taking it down in late '22, and we're kind of at that point where we think we can manage through this at this level.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Thad Trent: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hassane, I'm curious, what do you think has helped you avoid some of the deeper 30%, 40% kind of peak to crop correction that we have seen at your -- several of your peers. And I think kind of related to that, what we're all trying to grapple with, do you think Q1 is kind of the trough because when I listen to Thad talking about utilization and that you're close to the bottom, that suggests Q1 is the trough. But do you think of it that way? And should we be modeling kind of seasonal recoveries? So kind of two parts, what has helped you avoid some of the correction and from what you can see today is Q1 kind of the relative trough of the cycle for onsemi?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah, Vivek. Thanks for that question. Look, if you think about what helped us navigate better than a lot of our peers given the guide of companies that guided already. And like you mentioned, 20%, 30% is really the fact that we talked about the LTSAs. We talked about how, at a minimum, the LTSAs are going to provide us a phone call when things start getting softer. Those phone calls started happening in industrial before anyone talked about industrial softness. I'm talking six quarters ago, that's when we started taking utilization down, that's when we time even more what we ship into the channel to be way closely tied to what we believe the demand is at that point in time. The other thing in automotive, we talked about it in our Q3 earnings over 90 days ago when we talked about we started to see signs because we started getting the calls about the LTSAs and customers wanting to get some relief on the volume. So those are the tools that we have implemented over the last few years in order to give us that visibility. But it's not -- the LTSAs are not going to solve a demand problem. What LTSAs have done has allowed us to prepare what we do in response to a softer demand environment. And you've seen we put a tight management on [indiscernible] inventory. It didn't bubble up. We've actually reduced our utilization. We've reduced our base inventory in dollars. All of these are signs of the resiliency we have in our model, which, by the way, all of them will be tailwinds on the other side of that. Now as far as do we -- what we believe the trough is Q1 or not. Look, I'm smart enough not to call a bottom until I'm standing on top of the hill looking back at it. So I'll let you know when that happens.
Vivek Arya: On silicon carbide, could you help give us some sense of what it was in Q4, what the auto industrial mix is? What's the implied for Q1? And why tied to a market rate, why not in the past, you have given us very specific and absolute numbers because you had those supply agreements. So why not give an absolute number, why tied to a market rate. So just any more quantification of what silicon carbide did in Q4. What the implied is for Q1 and then kind of an absolute number for this year instead of giving -- tying it to a market rate?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. So I'll first cover on -- in Q4, our revenue for silicon carbide went up as we discussed in the Q3 call and as we expected, so it came in line with our expectation. Again, it grew from Q3 to Q4. So that shows both the diversification and the strength in that business that will also remain in 2024 with the growth we're going to see in 2024. Now the reason we don’t talk about absolute numbers, it is a ramping business, and it is – the lumpiness of a very new ramping business is going to be in silicon carbide like it is with any ramping business that is tied to adoption. That’s the reason we went to 2x market. And by the way, it is what we pecked you at our Analyst Day. So we didn’t really change what we do. We change the short term more on the long term. We’ve always said we’re going to outgrow the market. We’re going to be 2x the market. That is our trajectory for the next five years that we discussed at Analyst Day. And my comments are, we will remain committed to that trajectory based on the design-ins we have. And as I mentioned on Ross’s question, all the design-ins are done. All the shipments have been made for the ramp to start with a very broad range of customers. The question remains what is end demand going to do. And if end demand is better than what we are forecasting, we’re going to grow better than what we forecast at 2x the market. That’s where I would leave kind of the – I’m going to call it, the short term, which is 2024.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danley with Citi.
Christopher Danely: Hello.
Hassane El-Khoury: Hello. Hi, Chris.
Christopher Danely: Sorry, I got cut off for a second. Anyway, so just a few clarifications on the silicon carbide business. Do you still expect to have one major customer this year that's, say, 30%, 40% of revenue? And then have your pricing expectations for silicon carbide changed for this year versus, say, three months to six months ago?
Hassane El-Khoury: Let me cover the pricing, one, because it's easier. Pricing has not changed as we've always discussed, our pricing is tied to the LTSAs, although we will discuss with customers on volume changes depending on ramps or end market, as I discussed earlier. Pricing is consistent. Therefore, I'm not seeing any of the pricing impact other than the efficiencies that we get in our -- as we improve yields as we transfer technologies, et cetera. Those are very tied to technology advancements that actually enhance our gross margin. So that's on that. As far as customer concentration, we will remain with a few handful of lead customers. That's not going to be any different from 2023. However, as a percent, we're going to see more diversification. As we ramp more customers across the worldwide, both in Asia and North America, and you're going to start seeing Europe ramp up in the second half of the year from design wins we've done over the last couple of years. So we will remain with a profile of having key customers. I won't discuss the percentage of revenue for each, but it will just keep diversifying as we predicted in the Q3 call.
Christopher Danely: Great. Thanks, Hassane. And for my follow-up, can you just talk a little bit more about your trends and overall expectations for the big two end markets, automotive and industrial, which one would you expect to start to recover sooner? And do you think that either of them can get much worse from here? Maybe just give us a sense of your confidence in both the markets relative to that (Ph)?
Thad Trent: Or lack thereof?
Hassane El-Khoury: I’m laughing. Look, I can only manage and comment on what we see. And therefore, what we see is kind of that inventory digestion and softer end demand. Therefore, that's what we're managing to. I've been very consistent over the last -- almost two quarters that we're going to manage 2024 as there is no recovery per se. And then if there is one, we'll just take advantage of it and it will become a tailwind across all financial metrics. Margin goes up with utilization, revenue goes up, etc. So that's how we're going to manage. Now what I will say, though, is both of these markets, auto and industrial, two of the largest markets that we have, -- we've been -- we saw the softness, I would say, even ahead of a lot of our peers. As I mentioned, we talked about automotive softness in the Q3 quarter. We talked about industrial softness in Q4 '22 quarter. So we've seen it. We've managed to it. We've done very well managing to it, and we're going to keep managing to the signals we can control and we can see. And then when they start recovering, we'll take advantage of it as well. But one thing for sure, we're not sitting here, ignoring it, just keeping realization artificially high hoping for a recovery. And if it doesn't come, then the correction is much harder, which you've seen with some of our peers. We're taking a much more disciplined approach as far as how we address our markets.
Thad Trent: And Chris, to give you a little more color on the Q1 for auto and industrial. We expect both of those end markets to be down kind of high single digits quarter-on-quarter in Q1. So we're not seeing a recovery of either one of them yet.
Christopher Danely: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hello. Can you hear me?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah.
Toshiya Hari: Sorry about that. Yeah, I had two as well. Thank you for taking the question. Hassane, in your prepared remarks, you talked about your automotive image sensor business. I think hitting or exceeding $1 billion in '23. You also talked about design wins being up 50% year-over-year. How are you thinking that business specifically in '24. And can you speak to the profitability of that business as you continue to in-source more than in the past?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, the business, given that the business is tied to auto and industrial, over 90% of our revenue in image sensor is auto and industrial. That has been a very active really transition over the last few years, moving our capacity to auto and industrial, where a lot of the growth has been away from the consumer and the web cams and all of that. So that transition is behind us. Therefore, what I'm seeing from a financial performance, the margin performance is much better than it's ever been. It's higher than the corporate average. So it is actually accretive. And profitability is in, I would say, around the corporate. As we maintain OpEx in that business and invest in innovation like the 8 megapixels and the Fab transfers. As far as the mix change from outside to inside, that's more of a longer term. We sampled our products out of East Fishkill, but until that ramps and becomes a meaningful percent of revenue, you're not going to see an impact on margin from a mix change to an internal sourcing. But that will be part of our call it, outlook as we get to the 53% margin model for the company. That will be a contributor.
Toshiya Hari: That's great. Thank you. And then as my follow-up, that's kind of where I wanted to go, long-term gross margins maybe for Thad, so you're reiterating the 53% medium to long term. In the past, you've talked about the fab divestitures contributing to gross margin expansion. You talked a little bit about EFK. I think SiC should normalize and you've got utilization rates, hopefully, marching higher over time. I guess my question is, in the 2027 model, the revenue assumption was somewhere in the $13 billion plus to maybe $14.5 billion range, do you need to get to those revenue levels to hit 53% gross margin or do you think you can hit those levels even at a significantly lower revenue level given the progress you've made on multiple fronts? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yeah, Toshi. It's Thad. Look, I don't think the march to the 53% gross margin is revenue dependent. Clearly, we've got a tailwind as we crank up utilization as the market normalizes and recovers in the outer years. But we don't look at it, given our current manufacturing footprint, we don't look at that as the primary driver being revenue. You nailed it, right? It's the utilization, it's the EFK getting that cost under control. It's the monetization of the divested Fabs that we divested in 2022. And then it's the ramping of these new products that are accretive to gross margins. All of that will give us the tailwind that gets us there. Clearly, we've got to have some growth from here, but we don't need to have the growth that you talked about. So we look at it much more as internally controlled, but what we can execute to versus a demand-driven, revenue-driven number.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley: Hi, guys. Can you hear me?
Thad Trent: Yeah.
Gary Mobley: Sorry, the operator keeps cutting out, I guess, for everybody. Thad, you mentioned that -- I believe you mentioned that Q1 represents the bottom for manufacturing utilization for the year. And given that we've seen your inventory increase in days for four consecutive quarters, should we read into that as if you're also saying that Q1 represents the bottom for the fiscal year for revenue?
Thad Trent: No. Look, I think Hassane answered that earlier. We're not calling a bottom here. In terms of utilization, we think we're going to be in this kind of mid-60% range until we normalize -- the market normalizes and starts to return to the levels that we saw earlier in the year and in 2022. So utilization will kind of stay at this level. In terms of inventory, if you look at what we've been doing, we've actually been growing what we call our strategic inventory, silicon carbide and the Fab transition. If you look at the inventory, what I call our working inventory or base inventory, it was actually down $52 million sequentially. Days were up just because the COGS number was a lower number. But we've been managing that very effectively and kind of in a good tight range here. I expect as we go through the year, we'll build a little bit more of the strategic inventory in terms of dollars. But we'll burn that off over a multiyear period that's always been in our plan as we exit those Fabs and start to bring that production into our internal Fabs. So we're actually -- in terms of base inventory, we're happy where we are.
Gary Mobley: That's helpful, Thad. For you, Hassane, I know that you began to highlight your analog and mixed signal platforms at your May Analyst Day, I believe, that was maybe the first time that you're really vocal on it. And maybe if you can give us an idea of where that ramp stands, how material can it be as we look through the balance of fiscal year '24 or maybe even into fiscal year '25?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So look, the fact that I'm highlighting in my prepared remarks tells you how excited I am about the progress that we've made with a brand-new platform. So as far as technology development, technology development is actually on track, a little bit ahead of schedule as far as products are concerned. We've already taped out a few of our lead products. We will be sampling here in early '24. And then obviously, there's a design cycle before you get to revenue. So from all leading indicators of, one, the competitiveness of the platform; and two, the competitiveness of the products and the adoptions that I see from -- early adoption that I see from customers, all of those are at or ahead where we thought that technology will get us. You'll hear more about it as we get through 2024 about what that technology platform is. But I will tell you, it is the most competitive mixed-signal analog platform that exists in the market today, and it will carry with it products that are highly synergistic with what we do on the power side of it. So very complementary drivers, controllers as Sudhir mentioned in Analyst Day. So we remain on track. I'm more bullish than I was when we did Analyst Day, given the progress, and we will continue to push forward through 2024.
Gary Mobley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Josh Buchalter with TD Cowen.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question, and good morning. I wanted to follow up on an earlier question. I think the conventional view is that silicon carbide is constrained and your -- a lot of your peer commentary seems to be shifting to more demand focus right now. I guess to ask it simply, do you still view silicon carbide as constrained? And given we are moving towards more demand signals now, how are you managing investment levels, given all the efforts and long lead times that a lot of your vertical integration efforts take? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. From a supply, if you look at a lot of the Fabs and the capacity that the whole industry has talked about versus a trajectory of growth for electrification in general, I do believe that technology will remain constrained. Now of course, in the short term, capacity for 2024 to a first order is put in place. So it is a demand driven. But that goes back to the lumpiness of the ramp that we've always talked about. So I don't see that as additional capacity or overcapacity given that it is temporary in nature and the growth is going to remain. The way we are managing it, of course, is -- a lot of it is internally driven. Majority of our -- substrate majority of our supply is generated internally and we modulate that as we convert to 8-inch. We talked about taking utilization down in the last quarter's earning -- utilization -- sorry, the capacity. Capital intensity will be down in 2024 and that's because we've been performing better on our 6-inch and therefore, we're able to ramp 8-inch faster than we originally expected. So we're going to modulate this internal-external supply in order to tag on to what we see as a demand signal. So we don't see a underloading the above and beyond what you see in the company, and we'll manage it that way because revenue is going to recover. EVs are going to keep growing, whether it's 20 to 30, 30 to 40, it doesn't matter. It's going to grow, and it's a multi-decade growth, given that the penetration of silicon carbide and EVs is still below 25% and EVs in general, are below 25%. A lot of upside in that business, it does not change our outlook for the mega trend, and we will continue to invest in the long term.
Thad Trent: And Josh, for the investments over the long term, we can modulate our investments very easily because we have a capital-light strategy of converting from 6-inch to 8-inch. Our Fabs are already 8-inch capable. So as we think about substrates, we can convert slowly versus having to go out and do greenfield investments of a new facility and having to bring that up. So as the market takes off, we can modulate our investments correspondingly kind of an equal basis, depending on what's happening and move very quickly to bring on capacity if needed.
Joshua Buchalter: Got it. Thank you. There's a lot of helpful context there. As my follow-up, I believe in the prepared remarks, you mentioned that at some point in 2024, you were going to look to refill the channel. Could you maybe provide some context of what signals you would need to see to go ahead and do that. I know you mentioned you're not planning on a recovery, but is a recovery needed to get you to refill the channel? And I guess how much of a revenue tailwind would you expect that to be? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yeah. In the prepared remarks, I said we're going to start replenishing seven to nine weeks. We're at 7.2 this quarter. We need to start filling that channel now. We're underserving that mass market. So if you look over the last few years, we are supply constrained, so we started the long tail. And then we focused on our strategic LTSA customers and again, continue to start that long tail. So we do need to start replenishing that. I think -- for the first quarter, you may see us go up in terms of weeks, go up a week plus or minus. But keep in mind, on this revenue basis, it's likely down in terms of dollars, right? But we're going to be thinking about it that way is we've got to actually start moving inventory into that channel to support that longer tail. So you think about all those customers that broad set of customers, industrial through the catalog, we have not been servicing them well. Our distributors have been putting orders on us. They actually want to hold more inventory than what we've allowed them to hold. So we've got to start replenishing that. But we don't see a big step function here as much as just a gradual increase over the course of several quarters.
Joshua Buchalter: Thank you, Thad.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Can you guys talk about your overall levels of LTSAs. And then if you can, double clicking the SiC LTSAs, I think you've given industrial in the past as well. Anything there -- and then the update on the SiC customer from last quarter, did they come back? And did you fill them this quarter or what are your expectations there? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yeah. So our LTSAs for the next 12 months, the value is $4.8 billion. The breakdown of what that looks like roughly is about 80% auto, about 17% industrial and the rest kind of in that other bucket. So that gives us that view over the next 12 months of the LTSA coverage.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. As far as -- look, I don't want to comment about specific customers, but it came exactly as we guided last quarter. And overall, it came higher than Q3. So -- we said last time that we'll keep ramping, we'll keep ramping through '24, and that's coming in exactly as we expected. So that temporary, I would say, demand signal that impacted Q4 is behind us, and we're moving forward with the ramp.
Christopher Rolland: Great. Thank you. In terms of your non-core customers, if you could update us there, are we done with that at this point? Do you keep any remaining? Any other thoughts there would be great?
Thad Trent: Yeah, Chris. When we rolled this out, we thought we would exit somewhere between $800 million and $900 million over a multiyear period. And as you know, we've overcalled this for a couple of years now. I think that gives you an indication of the value that we bring to these customers. So for the year, we exited $180 million, think about over the multiyear period, it's about $475 million. What's remaining is good, healthy business at the corporate average. So as we've said, at this point, if our customers haven't found another source, we're just going to consider this good business as long as we don't need that capacity. So we'll continue to support those customers. Those customers are valuing that and valuing our ability to support them because we provide them many products, not just these products we're talking about. So we're not going to talk about exits any further, I'd just be in our baseline.
Christopher Rolland: Perfect. Thank you, Thad.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Quinn Bolton with Needham .
Quinn Bolton: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First for Hassane, you mentioned the diversification of the sulfate carbide business in Asia, and I think you specifically called out Korea, U.S. and then Europe. Just wondering if you could comment how do you feel positioned in China, both with the battery electric vehicles and the hybrids?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. We're -- actually, our position in China is -- we're very well positioned. I think last quarter, we talked about having LTSAs with four of the top five China OEM, both qualified and ramping revenue. But again, it's tied to the end demand commentary I put before. So all are ducks in a row as far as the platforms, the qualification on these platforms, the early ramps on these platforms. That's both SiC and IGBT, as I mentioned, both are seeing the growth on electrification in general, all flavors of electrification. But we feel pretty good about our success and our exposure in China for EV. And that's, by the way, I would extend that to the industrial side of it with energy storage is the same commentary with our engagement with the OEMs, a lot of them are based in China.
Quinn Bolton: Got it. Thank you for that. And then, Thad, just another question on the utilization rates. What gives you the confidence that the utilizations will sort of hold in the mid-60s. Obviously, kind of an uncertain demand environment, inventory needs to be reduced. Is it just the visibility the LTSAs give you? Is it the fact that you've been able to reduce sort of normal inventory by $50 million at this utilization rate. Just how do you feel confident holding the line there on utilization? Thanks.
Thad Trent: Yeah. It's exactly that. I mean we get visibility through the LTSAs, but more importantly, as we've been managing that base inventory. It's down at a working level. We have an over shipped to our Distis (ph). We've kept our working base inventory at optimal levels here. And so as we look forward in the current market dynamics, we feel like we can hold that mid-60 just because of where we are in an inventory position. We don't need to take it lower because we're not over inventoried anywhere. And the fact that we've got to start shipping into the channel to support that mass market we're going to have to build some products for that as well. And that's that broad-based product line, not something specific to silicon carbide. So that's what gives us the confidence of where we are here, given the current market dynamics.
Quinn Bolton: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. You guys have talked about some automotive deceleration and running the business conservatively. But when I look at your automotive revenue, you were down low single digits sequentially in Q4. You're still up double digits year-on-year, which is kind of -- there's a gamut of companies guiding for a bunch of different kind of use of autos, but everybody is kind of in that same ballpark. So maybe could you talk to the year-on-year growth, how much of that is silicon carbide -- silicon carbide minus IGBTs replaces and how much of that is just general autos -- it seems like the numbers are a little bit better than maybe your conservatism would imply?
Hassane El-Khoury: I'm trying to tie all the -- so what we -- I guess, in general, if you take out silicon carbide, the silicon business declined. I guess that's the -- at a high level, the silicon business decline. If we look at the amount of decline, it declined with what the expected market decline based on the early reports that I'm starting to see in general. So I don't think our business is an outlier from the market. It may be an outlier for what some of our peers and some -- what others have said. But for us, we're tied more to market because we've been taking a very disciplined approach about what to ship based on the LTSAs and the discussions we've had with the customers that have been ongoing. So I think we feel pretty good about our response to demand signals being pretty quick as far as taking utilization down in response to it and making sure we don't build inventory in the channel in response to it or at the direct customers as a matter of fact. So between these two, I think automotive came in line, except a few of the strength in pockets, like we talked about in image sensor, which is a content growth and an ASP growth approach here.
Joseph Moore: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Hey, guys. [indiscernible] first of all, congratulations and doing a lot better than our peers, but I am giving you a loaded complement, because other companies are guiding down 10% to 20% on a sequential basis, you're guiding down a lot smaller. Do you think you're cutting enough? In other words, why not go ahead and cut a lot more. And then part two of the question is, assuming demand stays at this level, and we know that we don't know where the demand will go. But at this 65-something percent utilization, how many quarters of excess inventory do you think you might have?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, I'll cover the first one and then a little bit on the second question. Look, it's not a matter of did we cut it off and did we do enough (ph). It's -- we are guiding based on our level of visibility and based on our very close engagement with the customers. Where we guided is where we believe and based on the quarter progression where we believe the customers need from us. So it is a demand-driven signal. Now the difference between our smaller reduction in the first quarter versus some of the larger reductions from some of our peers is historical. We've been tapering down a lot of our -- what we ship to customers. And we believe we've been closer and more in line with demand that our customers need versus some of our peers that don't have that same visibility levels with whatever construct they have on whether LTSAs or similar program. We believe the LTSAs gave us that visibility. We have been engaged with customers earlier than most of our peers, and we believe we have been closer to what a real demand signal is and therefore, changes to demand signals are not as drastic as with some of our peers. So when we talk about our guide is better than some of our peers, I think our business and where we are with our business, we put ourselves in a much better position than some of our peers. And you can see that, by the way, not just on the revenue, you can see that on our utilization. You can see that on our base inventory. You can see that on our channel inventory. All of these are better and show better discipline than some of our peers that had a much larger correction. So we don't see this as a correction, what we see it is a view and a transparent view of what we believe demand is going to do in the first quarter.
Thad Trent: Yeah. And Harsh, on the utilization, just to remind you, we started taking utilization down in Q3 of 2022 as we saw softness in industrial at that time. So if you look at our base inventory, we've managed it very effectively. If you really think about utilization, it's been a soft landing in terms of utilization. We weren't in a position where we got over inventory, too much inventory in the channel and had to take it down hard. So at these levels, it's what gives us confidence that this mid-60s that we can hold here.
Harsh Kumar: Understood, guys. Very helpful. And then as my follow-up, Hassane, should I think of your silicon carbide business as having a starting point of about $1 billion in 2024 because that capacity, I believe, that came on, the $200 million was, from my understanding, reallocated to other customers. And then part two of the question is you made a very subtle, but I think important comment that something to the tune of you're already running 200 millimeter silicon carbide in the Fabs or maybe on [indiscernible]. Could you just expand on that?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. So look, I’m not going to give an absolute guide on silicon carbide. What I would say is 2x the market. We feel comfortable with 2x the market, given all of the platforms and given the customers and the ramps that we’ve seen. The question now is on end demand, but end demand is better, we’re going to grow better. And demand is where we believe it is, we’re going to grow at that, but it will be 2x the market, and that’s showing both an aggressive ramp and share gains. So that’s on the outlook for 2024. As far as the 200-millimeter, this 1 – it was more, I would say, I thought it was more a direct comment because what we’ve always said is we’re going to qualify 200-millimeter in 2024 and ramp in 2025. So my prepared remarks is purely highlighting the fact we are on track to achieve that goal that we set out, which is qualifying in ‘24, revenue ramp in ‘25. It’s already running in the Fab, which is a pretty good leading indicator of where our [indiscernible] and our confidence in the [indiscernible] is going to be in ‘24.
Harsh Kumar: Very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Hassane El-Khoury for closing remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Through the structural changes we've made over the last three years, we built the resilience required in our business to navigate a dynamic macro environment. We remain close to our customers. We are committed to our financial target model with our strategy of enabling the sustainable ecosystem. Again, we’d like to thank our worldwide teams for their continued tenacity and ongoing contributions to the company’s success, and thank you for joining our call today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the onsemi Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please go ahead. 
Parag Agarwal : Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and thank you for joining onsemi's Third Quarter 2023 Quarterly Results Conference Call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO.  This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2023 third quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately 1 hour following this conference call, and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website.  Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and a discussion of certain limitations when using non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, are described in our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the third quarter of 2023. Our estimates for other forward-looking statements will change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other events that may occur except as required by law.  Now let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag. Good morning, and thanks to everyone on the call for joining us. This morning, we are pleased to announce another quarter where we delivered revenue of $2.18 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 47.3% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.39, all exceeding the midpoint of our guidance. Our Automotive and Industrial segments achieved record revenue, driven by demand in both silicon and silicon carbide.  Despite these results in the third quarter, we are taking a very cautious approach as we are starting to see pockets of softness with Tier 1 customers in Europe working through their inventory and increasing risk to automotive demand due to high interest rates. It has been nearly three years since the start of our transformation, and our worldwide employees have been relentless in their pursuit of operational excellence. The structural changes we have made across the company have allowed us to maintain our performance and deliver predictable financials. We have built the resilience required in our business to navigate a dynamic macro environment, and we remain focused on controlling what we can: Our execution and our commitment to our customers.  And silicon carbide has been a prime example of our execution. Our factories in Hudson, Roznov and Bucheon all had record output for silicon carbide in Q3. Acquiring GTAT two years ago was a strategic investment that allowed us to produce our own substrates internally and accelerate our path to becoming the world leader in silicon carbide power devices. By the end of 2023, we expect to have more than 25% market share of the silicon carbide market. We are now producing more than 50% of our own substrates internally, one quarter ahead of schedule, and we plan to continue to do so through 2024 even as we transition furnaces for 200-millimeter production.  In fact, last week, we announced that we completed our expansion of the world's largest silicon carbide fab in Bucheon. At full capacity, the state-of-the-art facility will be able to manufacture more than 1 million 200-millimeter silicon carbide wafers per year. Our manufacturing output continues to exceed expectations, and the acceleration of our ramp resulted in achieving a $1 billion run rate quarter in Q3, increasing nearly 50% over Q2.  However, for the full year, a single automotive OEM's recent reduction in demand will impact our $1 billion target, and we now expect to ship more than $800 million of silicon carbide in 2023, 4x last year's revenue. In '24, we expect the growth of our silicon carbide business to double the market growth.  Over the past few quarters, we have accelerated the broad deployment of silicon carbide solutions, and the design activity has been robust across all regions. So far in 2023, we have shipped to more than 500 unique customers that will continue to ramp through 2024, further expanding our geographical customer distribution. Additionally, we have design wins and/or LTSAs with the leading automotive players who have over 50% share of the global EV unit sales, which includes LTSAs with 4 of the top 5 China EV customers. NIO is among them. And in Q3, they made onsemi their prevailing silicon carbide supplier by signing an extension to their multiyear long-term supply agreement, doubling down on 1,200-volt EliteSiC technology as they transition into 800-volt battery solutions through 2030.  As we navigate the current market conditions, LTSAs continue to provide demand visibility and stability in pricing. EV traction remains the fastest-growing part of our SiC business, with 70% growth sequentially. Most recently, an OEM awarded onsemi a platform for their 750-volt and 1,200-volt EV traction inverters previously awarded to an incumbent. Opting for superior technology and a vertically integrated supply chain, this leading OEM has now signed an LTSA with onsemi through 2031, putting us in a position to support higher volume production.  Energy infrastructure remained healthy in Q3, driven by the continued adoption of solar and energy storage solutions. We remain on track to our full year projections with nearly 70% revenue growth over 2022, and we expect the growth to continue in '24 as demand for our hybrid modules with silicon and silicon carbide solutions for this high-growth industrial megatrend remains strong.  Our medical revenue, which is reported within our industrial end market, also remains healthy, driven by the improved accessibility of continuous glucose monitoring and hearing aids. We have deep, long-standing customer engagements and high-margin, high-growth areas of continuous glucose monitors in hearing health, where we have leading market share with our technologies. Our CGM business increased nearly 38% quarter-over-quarter, driven by a ramp from the top 2 leaders in the market.  onsemi is #1 in image -- in automotive image sensors and #1 in industrial scanning. In the industrial end market, our design activity has already surpassed all of 2022. This is a good indicator for the business, given that more than 40% of our image sensing revenue comes from new products. Last month, we introduced another 8-megapixel image sensor with the world's smallest, lowest power family of Hyperlux products that can extend battery life by up to 40% for industrial and commercial cameras. In fact, our 8-megapixel revenue more than doubled year-over-year in the third quarter as the business is shifting to higher resolution, higher ASP image sensors.  And now let me turn the call over to Thad to give you more details on our results. 
Thad Trent : Thanks, Hassane. At the start of our transformation, we committed to delivering intelligent power and sensing technologies for the sustainable ecosystem. This meant tailoring our investments, our portfolio, our manufacturing footprint and our resources to focus on the high-growth megatrends in automotive and industrial, such as electric vehicles, ADAS and energy infrastructure. This has become our winning formula, allowing us to deliver the greatest value for all our stakeholders. Combined, intelligent power and intelligent sensing now account for 72% of our business, as compared to 68% in the quarter a year ago.  In the third quarter, our financial results exceeded the midpoint of our guidance, demonstrating the resilience in our business in a challenging market environment. Revenue of $2.18 billion increased 4% sequentially, and non-GAAP operating margin was 32.6%. Revenue from intelligent power and intelligent sensing combined increased 5% year-over-year. As for the end markets they serve, we had another quarter of record automotive revenue with nearly $1.2 billion in Q3, increasing 9% sequentially and 33% year-over-year, driven by silicon as well as silicon carbide as the need for electrification and advanced features and vehicles continues to rise.  In industrial, our record revenue of $616 million increased 1% sequentially and was up slightly year-over-year with continued strength in energy, infrastructure and medical. The rest of our businesses decreased 4% sequentially and 42% year-over-year as we exited $46 million of noncore business, which was below our expectations and is highlighting the resiliency of this business and the value of our full portfolio delivers for these customers. As always, we'll continue to be opportunistic in these noncore markets where margins are favorable and engagements are strategic with our customers.  Looking at the split between operating units. Revenue for Power Solutions Group, or PSG, was $1.2 billion, an increase of 10% year-over-year, with more than 60% increase in auto and 50% increase in energy infrastructure. Revenue for the Advanced Solutions Group, or ASG, was $622 million, a 15% decline over Q3 '22, driven by deliberate exits and continued softness in noncore markets. Revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group, or ISG, was $329 million, a 4% decrease year-over-year due to lower revenue in industrial applications. Our GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of 47.3% was down 10 basis points sequentially and 200 basis points as compared to non-GAAP gross margin in Q3 '22, primarily due to headwinds from our East Fishkill fab and factory utilization, offset by strong manufacturing performance in silicon carbide.  Total utilization increased slightly to 72% as silicon carbide utilization improved, while silicon utilization trended lower as planned. For the next few quarters, we expect to proactively lower utilization to the mid- to high-60% range while maintaining our gross margin above mid-40%. This is a direct result of our fab-liter strategy of divesting 4 fabs in 2022, which is reducing our fixed cost footprint while we continue to consolidate operations in larger, more efficient fabs. As we move to our Fab Right strategy to optimize and drive efficiencies across our manufacturing network, we expect to generate incremental cost savings over the next few years. We continue to identify opportunities to drive operational efficiencies and remain committed to our long-term gross margin trajectory.  Turning to silicon carbide. As Hassane mentioned, our silicon carbide manufacturing output is exceeding our internal expectations. And thanks to the tremendous efforts of our team around the world, we have accelerated our gross and operating margin trajectory. Our Q3 gross margin for silicon carbide was greater than 40% with strong fall-through on a fully loaded basis, including all start-up costs. And as we previously highlighted, we expect our silicon carbide business to be at the corporate gross margin in Q4.  Further, the yield improvement learnings we're getting from our 150-millimeter wafer production ramp is increasing our confidence in our 200-millimeter capability and validating our strategy of driving cost savings through brownfield investments. This incredible execution and improved manufacturing output on 150 millimeters enables us to slow our capacity expansion and lower 2024 capital intensity from the high teens to the low teens percentage points ahead of our original plan and closing in on our long-term model.  Now let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $344 million as compared to $634 million in the third quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $322 million as compared to $304 million in the quarter a year ago. The increase in operating expenses is attributable to a reserve against the receivable balance with a manufacturing partner.  GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 31.5%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 32.6%. Our GAAP tax rate was 16.4%, and our non-GAAP tax rate was 15.6%. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the third quarter was $1.29 as compared to $0.70 in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was near the high end of our guidance at $1.39 as compared to $1.45 in Q3 of 2022. Our GAAP diluted share count was 451 million shares, and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 439 million shares.  In Q3, we returned 75% of our free cash flow through $100 million of share repurchases, and we remain committed to our long-term strategy of returning 50% of free cash flow to our shareholders.  Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents was $2.7 billion, and we had $1.1 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $567 million, and free cash flow was $134 million, or 6.1% of revenue. Capital expenditures during Q3 were $433 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 19.9%. As we indicated previously, we are directing a significant portion of our capital expenditures towards silicon carbide and enabling our 300-millimeter capabilities at EFK.  Accounts receivable of $958 million increased by $14 million, and DSO was 40 days, down 1 day from the second quarter. Inventory increased by $120 million sequentially, and days of inventory increased by 3 days to 166 days. This includes approximately 64 days of bridge inventory to support fab transitions and the silicon carbide ramp. Excluding these strategic builds, our base inventory declined 7 days quarter-over-quarter to 102 days.  We continue to proactively manage distribution inventory. Disti inventory declined $25 million sequentially with weeks of inventory at 6.9 weeks versus 7.7 in Q2. Total debt remained flat at $3.5 billion, and net leverage is 0.25x.  As we look forward, I'd like to highlight that onsemi today is a completely transformed company as compared to ON Semiconductor of the past. The structural changes in our business model have eliminated the historical volatility in the margins and earnings of the company. We remain fully committed to delivering strong operational and financial performance for our shareholders in all market conditions.  Now let me provide you the key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the fourth quarter. A table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance was provided in the press release related to our third quarter results. Given the current macro environment, we are taking a cautious stance in our guidance. We anticipate Q4 revenue to be in the range of $1.95 billion to $2.05 billion. We expect a mid-single-digit decline in automotive given the softness in Europe that Hassane described, with greater sequential declines in industrial and other end markets.  We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be between 45.5% and 47.5%, primarily due to lower factory utilization and continued EFK headwind. Our Q4 non-GAAP gross margin includes share-based compensation of $4.3 million. We expect our non-GAAP operating expenses of $300 million to $315 million, including share-based compensation of $28.5 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP other income to be a net benefit of $4 million, with our interest income exceeding interest expense. This benefit is a result of the debt restructuring activities we completed over the last 2 years, reducing a historical drag on the P&L while effectively eliminating exposure to elevated rates going forward. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 15.5% to 16.5% and our non-GAAP diluted share count for the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately 438 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $1.13 to $1.27.  We expect capital expenditures of $425 million to $465 million in brownfield investments, primarily in silicon carbide and EFK. On a final note, given the market uncertainty, we are taking a cautious approach as we exit 2023 and plan for 2024. We are taking proactive actions to set ourselves up for success, and we remain focused on our execution. The structural changes we have brought to our business have already proven effective in these market conditions. We have been exiting volatile businesses, lowering utilization, managing channel inventory, controlling wafer starts, and we plan to continue to seek opportunities to improve our efficiencies as we navigate through the current market conditions.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Kevin to open up for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore : Hassane, I want to ask about two questions on the automotive side. The first one that you talked about Europe being weaker, burning inventory. Can you give a little bit more color? Is that just Europe? Are you worried at all about that spreading to other regions? And any more color? Is it just inventory? Is it true demand? Any details would be helpful. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So we see it in Europe. Obviously, there's a big concentration of -- I highlighted the Tier 1s, the big concentration of Tier 1s in Europe. But I think it's driven by end demand, coupled with -- we've always said there may be pockets of inventory that were being flat through normal demand. But having demand kind of start to soften because of the high interest rates is causing the inventory burn to last longer. So we have always said the LTSAs provide us a phone call. It sets us up very nicely to see it coming. So therefore, we're taking a very proactive measure on setting ourselves up to be able to allow customers to burn while we maintain our inventory levels, add their shelves, the disti and on our balance sheet as well. 
Ross Seymore : I guess as my follow-up also within automotive, but on the SiC side, specifically. You lowered the bar from $1 billion roughly to over $800 million. I think you mentioned 1 customer. I don't expect you to name that one customer, but again, is that inventory? Are you worried at all about any secular changes? Obviously, the EVs cost more on average than ICE vehicles. So some of the dynamics, I would assume, impacting Europe in general would impact the EV side. But any sort of change in your secular belief on the silicon carbide side? 
Hassane El-Khoury: No, no change on the secular trend for EVs. EVs are going to grow. They're going to grow for us in the fourth quarter as well. It's just not going to grow in the fourth quarter at the rate that we expected. And of course, we're all looking at the same headlines as far as EVs are concerned. I think EVs are a long-term growth opportunity, even with the backdrop of a lot of the headlines that we're seeing. Customer designs have not slowed down, conversions to EV platforms have not slowed down. I take this as a temporary -- while a lot of the macro stuff gets worked out, whether it's the interest rates, which you called it, the expenses associated with purchasing EVs to the cost -- to the energy cost. All of that is just -- taken -- having an impact, but we do not change our long-term view of the opportunity we have in EV. And like I said, we're still going to grow in Q4, just not at the rate. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with BofA Securities. 
Vivek Arya : Hassane, can you help us with kind of the building blocks as we think about calendar '24, so silicon carbide, non-silicon carbide and the exits that you're planning from the noncore areas? I just want to understand, right, how -- what the puts and takes are for those 3 building blocks so we can plan our models accordingly? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Silicon carbide is -- what we are looking at is silicon carbide in '24, basically growing about 2x the market. So it's still on track to the target that we've put out in Analyst Day of growing 2x the market, that we still have that visibility in '24.  On the silicon side, we see flat, slightly down. Again, depending on what you believe, the market. We are not planning nor are we looking at a first half of '24 recovery. As I said on the last quarter, we see '24 as kind of going sideways with growth in silicon carbide for us. As far as the exit, by the end of this year, whatever we didn't exit is going to stay with us as a business. So we are not going to see us talking about this, the exits on the legacy business any longer in 2024. I put that all into the silicon outlook that I put out there. 
Vivek Arya : I see. So if I put it all together and look at the growth in silicon carbide and sort of the flattish plus/minus in other areas, is it unreasonable to expect ON's overall sales to grow next year? And if they do grow next year, how do you kind of align the gross margin? Can gross margins kind of hang on to these Q4 levels? Or are there other utilization or other things planned that can take gross margins down? So both kind of conceptually, can sales grow even if it's modest? And then can gross margins kind of continue at these Q4-type levels? 
Thad Trent : Vivek, it's Thad. As you know, we guide one quarter at a time. I think given the macro uncertainty, we're not going to try and forecast 2024 at this point. We feel really good about our pipeline, our design pipeline and our LTSAs at this point. But I think it's too early to provide guidance on '24. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. 
Chris Danely : So another question on silicon carbide. Can you tell us how much of the weakness in Q4 is silicon carbide versus, I guess, just regular semis? And then you say that you still expect silicon carbide to grow 2x the market in 2024. Has your silicon carbide, I guess, market expectations, have those moved downward over the last 3 months for '24? 
Hassane El-Khoury: No. So I would say majority of the weakness in Q4 is the silicon carbide, obviously. But the rest of the business is kind of exactly where we expected it at the end of the year. As far as the outlook in the silicon carbide market in general or the EV market in general, it really has not changed our outlook. Our investments that we have been putting and even the investments we announced in Bucheon are not investments for '23 or '24. Those are long-term investments. And that adds to the confidence we have in that market being a megatrend market for us, and that's what we're investing in to gain that leadership in that market as it evolves. So no change in the outlook and the strategy. 
Chris Danely : Great. And then for my follow-up, I know you're not commenting on next year, but I think you said your gross margin should hold mid-40s. So if we look at your peers that have started to see the downturn, they're generally forecasting like three quarters in a row of declining sales. If you guys do have Q1, Q2 revenue down sequentially like your peers that are feeling this, can you still hold gross margins in the mid-40s, would you have to lower utilization rates further? Or I guess would that depend on just how much is silicon carbide versus how much is semis? 
Thad Trent : Yes. So right now, we're looking at taking our utilization down to that -- over the next several quarters down into that mid- to high-60% range. And as I said, we still expect to be able to hold that 40% -- that mid-40% gross margin floor there. This is really a result of all the structural changes that we've made inside the company, reducing that manufacturing footprint and really now focused on Fab Right, where we're getting optimized cost out of our existing footprint. But look, we're being cautious for the next several quarters, we'll take that utilization down. But we do believe we can hold that floor of mid-40. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. 
Harsh Kumar : I guess it's been a while since you guys have seen a revenue decline on a sequential basis. There's a lot of things going on in the marketplace, the strike, the China economy, you talked about a European. I guess, Hassane, I'd be curious if you could give us a sense of magnitude. You don't have to give us numbers, obviously, but just some color on what are some of the bigger factors and what are some of the smaller factors? And I do have one more. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. I mean at a high level, it's end demand, if you think about it, and end demand is driven by -- you can call it two things. One is the financial, which is the higher interest rates that have been with us, and now they're taking a toll on end demand. But also, in all honesty, the uncertainty, the macro uncertainty that as consumers, people are starting to feel. Between these two, we look at it and we look at the inventory levels across the board. We look at inventory levels internally that we have. And we've -- you've always seen us operating with a very proactive approach. So our decisions and our outlook is driven by that cautious outlook on what we can control, which is our execution. That talks about taking our utilization down because we don't want to bridge it by keep building inventory. You've seen us take down a lot more on the channel, which sets us up very nicely should that turn the other way. So all of these are proactive decisions that we have taken in the short term but set us up much better in the long run. 
Harsh Kumar : Got it. So it sounds like it's pretty broad. And then I did miss -- I think Ross asked earlier about silicon carbide. It was one customer-driven. I did miss that in the commentary. Could you just confirm if it's mostly one customer-driven? Are you seeing kind of broad-based weakness -- in answer to my earlier question, is that broad-based weakness also prevalent in EVs overall with other guys? And is this also tied to your European commentary, the EV side and the European other one, the same problem? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, I think from an automotive, I would say it's a broader stroke as far as the inventory comment I made specifically with Tier 1s in Europe. As far as the EV, yes, it is a single customer. I wouldn't say it is broad as far as in this immediate quarter. But we still expect it to grow in Q4. So it is not a -- I don't want to paint it as any decline or any issue in demand for EVs. EV demand is going to grow. It's going to grow in the fourth quarter, and it's going to grow in 2024. It just didn't grow as much as we expected it to. And that's demand-driven. Whether it's short-term demand or anything different, we'll have to wait until we get closer to '24. 
Thad Trent : Just to be clear. On the silicon carbide, the expectation of being over $800 million, the impact there is one customer. It’s the recent demand softness at one customer. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Gary Mobley : Hassane, I want to pin you down on your market forecast for silicon carbide for next year to really get an insight into what your expectations are. I know you cited in your footnotes of your presentation today, a lot of Yole forecast, and Yole is forecasting roughly 43% growth in silicon carbide for next year. So are you expecting to grow your silicon carbide revenue 80% next year? Is that the proper read here? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Well, it depends on what the Yole is. But yes, we are expecting a 2x market. 
Gary Mobley : Okay. And with respect to distribution inventory, you've been running your distribution inventory below the long-term targets purposefully, I read here. What are the triggers and dashboard metrics that you're looking at before you start to take up that distribution inventory back up to a normal level? Is it just as simple as seeing better sell-through? 
Hassane El-Khoury: It's more -- yes, it's seeing sell-through in the mix that we are expecting. So we have -- look, there's no one KPI. Thad and I look at about 30 pages of KPIs that try to triangulate the health of the business and the sell-through because what we don't want is shipping into the distribution because we -- there's demand or there's backlog, but the sell-through happens at a different mix. So you end up with what we call sludge in the channel.  We've been managing this very, very tightly. We have a very robust process that gets us and has maintained very tight control over the distribution inventory. And like Thad said, last quarter, in Q3, we actually reduced the dollars and the weeks, putting ourselves up very nicely for a Q4 mix shift or even getting ready for 2024. So all of these KPIs are what lead us to making these decisions. So we're going to look at our metrics and make the decision as we see it. 
Thad Trent : Yes. I would add that we've been managing that inventory in the 7- to 8-week range for several quarters now. I think we're going to stay in that range just given the uncertainty until we see the strong sell-through. But we're cautiously optimistic on that as we think about it. But I think for the foreseeable future, you're going to see us in that 7- to 8-week, you're not going to see us bouncing back up to historical levels the company ran at several years ago. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen. 
Joshua Buchalter : I wanted to follow up on one of Gary's. So I totally understand the near-term dynamic where your customer concentrated in ramping silicon carbide. But I'm a bit surprised to see the '24 guidance pegged to market growth, given I think the overwhelming consensus is that silicon carbide is going to be constrained for at least for the near term. Can you walk through how much, I guess, of your silicon carbide revenue in '24 is really program-specific? And how fungible supply is if there is changes in mix across your end customers? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So it is all -- I guess all of our '24 by now. For the '24, we have visibility on exactly what program, what voltage, what volume and what mix we need. As far as the inventory, Thad talks about ramping strategic inventory for silicon carbide, we stage inventory primarily in, I would say, in two spots. One is blank wafers or substrate, wafer substrate, which is fully fungible across any customer, any platform with any volume. And as we get closer, we stage inventory at Epi, which is when we, I guess, partitioned with the voltage levels of the product.  So this is where we maintain inventory to give us full flexibility should the shift change. Because we've always said, when we would have one or two platforms at a customer, if one vehicle sells better than the other, the customer would want to shift while still using onsemi. So we give that flexibility to be able to shift on between platforms at a similar OEM or between OEMs. So the best place to keep that inventory is blank wafers and/or Epi. 
Joshua Buchalter : So is it safe to assume that SiC's going to remain constrained through '24? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, I believe so. It will be from our... 
Joshua Buchalter : Got it. For my follow-up, you called out bridge inventory to support the fab transitions and silicon carbide ramps. With days above 160, can you walk us through how this unwinds? Basically, I just want to make sure that as your peers are cutting inventory levels at their end customers that that won't become an issue as you complete some of the fab transitions and SiC ramps more fully. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So strategic inventory for fab transition usually are committed backlog. We call it no change, no return. So we build the bridge inventory given that the customer needs that bridge between the old fab and the new fab. So we see this as a very low risk and will work itself down over a few quarters as we shut down the old fab. And before we start on the new fab, we will bleed inventory to a level, and then we'll ramp it back up into other fabs. So we don't see this as inventory jeopardy, which -- which allows us to be a little bit more comfortable with the elevated levels of inventory.  But one thing also Thad mentioned is the base inventory, actually, we drove that down, which is the one that you're more referring to would be at risk of demand. That's the one we've been managing down. That's the one we'll keep managing down with the lower utilization that Thad talked about. 
Thad Trent : Yes. And just to be clear, the fab transitions, the inventory for the fab transitions is primarily for the divested fabs that we've divested over the last year. So it takes 3-plus years to fully transition out of a fab. And in that situation, you build inventory and you bleed it off over time. But as Hassane said, we've got good visibility on that in a lot of cases, it's in C&R with those customers over a longer period of time. But it takes time. What we focus on is that base inventory, and we feel good that we're driving that down as that's down to about 102 days right now. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. 
Joseph Moore : I wonder if you could talk to pricing. Are you seeing anything that's different in terms of pricing given the historical dynamics? And is that different in the businesses that you're exiting versus the kind of core automotive businesses? 
Hassane El-Khoury: No, none of the outlook or the cautionary outlook that we've had has anything related to pricing. Our pricing is stable. It's locked into the LTSAs. The conversations we have had with customers regarding outlook, regarding inventory, regarding LTSA has all been around demand. Therefore, it's just following. So we feel pretty good about our price position. 
Joseph Moore : Great. And then I may have missed it. Did you give a number for how much business you'll be exiting in the current quarter? And can you talk to the dynamics of -- could that accelerate in an environment where there's more plentiful supply, would that help you to get out of those businesses quicker? 
Thad Trent : Yes. So we exited in $46 million in Q3, it was below our expectations. And coming back to your pricing question, we're just not seeing pricing decline enough that customers are exiting that business. We are looking -- as we look into Q4, we think there's about another $125 million that we would exit. That brings the year up to somewhere around $275 million, below what we originally forecasted.  Just as a point of reference, the businesses now that we're talking about exiting are at about a 45% gross margin. So it's not a bad business, assuming the pricing does hold up. The fact is, customers -- this is all customer-driven, customers aren't leaving as fast as we expected. I believe that at the end of this year, whatever is left, we're going to say is good business, and we're going to continue to manage if customers don't leave through the softness. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. 
Christopher Rolland : I think the discussion for most broad-based guys are returning to the balance between bookings and backlog coverage going into a quarter and the turns business that is needed in the quarter. So I was wondering if you could perhaps talk about this for -- what's in your guide backlog coverage versus turns? And how should we be thinking about that for next year? If you can break it down into sub-segments too, that would be great as well. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. The outlook is not -- has nothing to do with returning to turns business. We have full visibility about where the Q4 revenue is going to come in, including full backlog coverage. What we are talking about is getting the call ahead, which is the power of the LTSAs we keep talking about, where customers look at what their consumption is going to be and the consumption is lower than what they had expected. And of course, we're not here to push inventory to make the problem worse to our customers, so we negotiate a win-win with every single one of them.  So the outlook is purely demand. We know exactly what the mix is going to be. There is no turns business, even in the current quarter. And that, I would say, that comment is across all markets. 
Christopher Rolland : Okay. Great. Just maybe a quick follow-up there. are you seeing push-outs and cancellations or pushouts in those LTSAs? Is that why that number is lower? Just wondering why we had that sequential decrease in December. Maybe the Street was just mismodeling?  And then my other question is around -- you had some comments around industrial and solar in particular. I think we've seen guides like Enphase and SolarEdge missed pretty huge. It sounded like you had some very product-specific drivers there, but I was just wondering why you are so optimistic around that business when it's falling generally so fast. 
Thad Trent: Yes. I'll take the first part of your question on the cancellations. Look, we saw cancellations peak late last year. I would say at this point, as we look at the quarterly trends, it's pretty flat line at this point. So we're not seeing a lot of current quarter cancellations or even push outs within the forecast horizon here.  On the LTSAs, when a customer comes in and has a challenge as a onset, we're talking about a win-win with them. And in some cases, we are allowing some push outs as long as there's a win-win for both companies in that situation, we don't want to overship natural demand.  But in terms of cancellations, we're not seeing a spike. Like I said, we saw that peak late last year. 
Hassane El-Khoury: As far as industrial demand, you're right, I called out the renewable energy or energy storage. Those are all mega trends. The companies you referred to are more impacted by the residential, which obviously, is expected given the interest rates, given the consumer spending sentiment that I referred to earlier. The business we are targeting is the energy storage. A lot of it is larger-scale energy storage, which drives a lot more content. And it's not typically impacted by the residential specifically. That business has remained strong, and we expect that business to remain strong on a forward-looking basis. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. 
Quinn Bolton : Just a clarification in response to one of the earlier questions, I think you said you were not looking for growth in the first half of the next year. Just wasn't sure if that was a sort of a sequential comment or a year-over-year comment, if you could clarify. And then I've got a follow-up on the silicon carbide business. 
Thad Trent : Yes. Look, it's Thad. We're cautiously looking at the first half of next year. We think it's going to be soft, but we do think there is sequential down in Q1, based on what we can see today. We'll look at the rest of the year as we go further. But we're being very cautious in the first half. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. My comment was more, I don't see a recovery, a market recovery. So it was more of a macro commentary. 
Quinn Bolton : Got it. And then on the silicon carbide business, you talked about overall utilization rates being managed down to 68% for the next few quarters to manage inventory. I assume, given the outlook for EVs still growing in the fourth quarter into next year, that the silicon carbide is probably immune from some of those lower utilization rates, but wanted to clarify that? And if utilization remains high in silicon carbide, could you actually see a scenario where silicon carbide moves above corporate average in 2024? 
Thad Trent: Yes, that's a good question. So the utilization for silicon carbide in Q3 was up, where silicon was down, and that pulled the total up. As we look forward, we don't see the silicon carbide utilization decreasing. We will be bringing on additional capacity next year to support '25 and beyond. But I don't expect that utilization to decline. I think it's the silicon that will actually decline, that gets us down into that 65% to -- mid-60% to high-60% range. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. 
Vijay Rakesh : Just a quick question on your commentary on softer demand with higher inventory, I guess. Is that more -- is that pretty -- what are you seeing across the board in both combustion engine and EV? Or can you characterize that a little better? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Well, it's hard to -- for a lot of the general content in automotive, it's hard to figure out if it's EV or not. But I can tell you, it's not silicon carbide. It's not IGBT. It's not the EV-specific constraint. It's more of a general -- I would call it, general purpose automotive demand that can go in either car. But given the volume for EV, it's more driven by the internal combustion demand because that's where the volume is skewed to. 
Vijay Rakesh : Got it. And then as you look at your silicon carbide road map, you talked about 2024 might be a transition to 200-millimeter. Is that still something that you see? And what's your expectation on what mix would be on 200 millimeter, let's say, exiting '24? 
Hassane El-Khoury: So what we've -- so we're on track to what we've always said. We're finished qualifying and the conversion started. I talked about in my prepared remarks. For 200-millimeter, we feel very comfortable and actually more confident today than we were even 90 days ago on the 200-millimeter, given the performance that we've had in the silicon carbide business, ramping all the way from substrates, all the way through devices. The fabs are ready, Epi is ready, and furnaces started conversion. So our plan has always been qualify '24 and ramp revenue in '25. So you're not going to really see a mix shift in '24, that would be more of a '25, '24 is when we transition manufacturing to the 200-millimeter. 
Vijay Rakesh : Got it. And last question, when you look at silicon carbide, when do you start to see it getting accretive to the corporate margins, I guess? 
Thad Trent : Well, so we're going to hit the corporate average in Q4, as I said. As you go into next year, I think it's going to be at or above, depending on kind of what the market does. And that's going to be dependent on overall utilization. But we'll definitely be at parity and potentially higher in 2024. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. 
Timothy Arcuri : I just wanted to ask a question also on the 2023 silicon carbide cut from $1 billion down to $800 million. You guys have always talked about the LTSAs being legally binding, and it didn't seem like they would be subject to any changes in EV ramps. It sounded like a little bit of a higher bar than what we hear from others. So can you talk about that? Was that some structural change in a program from one of your customers where something is just permanently pushed out? Or should we still expect that -- you're not getting this year, does that push into next year? 
Hassane El-Khoury: So obviously, I'm not going to comment on specific customer details, specifically on programs. But I will comment on the LTSAs. So the LTSAs are legally binding. Therefore, for us to agree or even acknowledge that push out or even the demand in general outside of silicon carbide in Q4, there has to have been, which there is, a win-win for us and the customer. We've always said, if anything, the LTSAs get us a phone call. We get the phone call way ahead of time in certain areas when the customer knows that it's coming. And we're able to manage with the customer for a win-win, whether that win-win is a quarter later or a year later or a longer term that depends on case by case. So we manage it with the customer because what we don't want is, of course, enforce the LTSA at the expense of just shipping inventory if demand is lower. So we take it very cautiously. We have -- it has to be a win for us, but also a win for the customer, and that's what keeps the strategic customers engaging. 
Timothy Arcuri : Got it. Got it. Sure. So given that, is the commitment still to $4.5 billion between '23 and '25, so that we still have $3.7 million left between '24 and '25? 
Hassane El-Khoury: We're not commenting on that. What I have commented is, obviously, if you take the growth rate that I described in 2024, and you can compare it to where we were before. So no change in our outlook. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. 
Tristan Gerra : I just wanted to expand a little bit on the coverage for next year for LTSA. Obviously, I'm guessing that you don't have full year coverage like you did entering this year, but could you talk about maybe percentage-wise? Or when is the average LTA expiring next year? Just wanted to kind of look at the transition for LTSA into notably the second half of next year. 
Thad Trent : Yes. So what you'll see in our filing is that we've got $5.7 billion of LTSA commitment over the next 12 months. So hopefully, that gets you in the ballpark there. 
Tristan Gerra : Okay. And what's the average duration? And how should we look at how some of those are unwinding later next year or even in '25? 
Thad Trent : Yes. So the number I gave you is the 12 months -- from this point forward, 12 months. Now your question is a broader question about LTSAs in general. So the LTSAs go out 3 to 5 years on average, sometimes much longer. It just depends on the customer situation. I think last quarter, we talked about customers coming back, extending LTSAs or expanding LTSAs. So it just -- as these things come up for renewal, customers are coming in and engaging. I would say the customers are looking over the long term versus the short term when it comes to the negotiation and the extension of LTSAs. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Caso with Wolfe Research. 
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. I think I'll just go back to the commentary on silicon carbide into next year. Just some of the questions coming in during the call, there was some uncertainty that I hope we could resolve. So what -- my interpretation of what you're saying is silicon carbide, it sounds like it's down significantly in Q4, given the fact that it's a majority of the decline here. But you're also suggesting that it grows next year and you stay supply constrained. So that would suggest that what you're implying is some improvement at some point next year in silicon carbide. How do we just reconcile those comments, unless we got some of them wrong? 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So the -- I guess, I would say the one comment that I believe you got wrong is Q4 in silicon carbide is not down. Q4 silicon carbide is growth from Q3. It is just not at the level that we expected. That's what drove the mix. So it is not silicon carbide going backwards.  With that correction and the ramps that we're starting -- we have in Q3 and will continue to ramp in Q4, plus the breadth of customers that I described, those are going to drive sequential growth through 2024. So silicon carbide is not down quarter -- will not be down quarter-on-quarter. Q3, Q4, it will be up, and it will continue to be up in subsequent quarters through Q4. 
Chris Caso : That's very helpful. Yes. Yes. And just moving on to CapEx for silicon carbide as we go to next year. And your earlier comments suggest this is long-term investment. But given the current environment, are there any changes to the investments that you were planning for calendar '24? Although certainly, it sounds like you'd continue to invest, what do we expect for the CapEx profile next year in light of the change in environment? 
Thad Trent : Yes. Chris, in my prepared remarks, I noted that because of our strong performance in silicon carbide being ahead of our internal plans and our confidence in moving into 200-millimeter that we're actually taking our capital intensity in 2024 down. We had expected the high-teens for 2024. I'm now saying it's low-teens, and it's quickly closing in on that long-term target. So we will continue to make investments, but not at the rate that we needed to just because of the performance across the entire manufacturing chain is ahead of schedule and exceeding our expectations.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from William Stein with Truist Securities. 
William Stein : I'm hoping you can discuss the dynamics in the industrial end market. This is where we're seeing more weakness from other semi companies and similar component manufacturers over the last quarter. The call has been very focused on the change in outlook in silicon carbide, but I'd love for you to discuss trends more broadly in the industrial end market and your expectations as we progress into next year. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So for industrial, obviously, we see the same as a lot of our broad-based peers, so weakness in industrial. However, within industrial, I called out the two areas that we have seen and will continue to see strength. That's the renewable energy that we talked about earlier with energy storage and so on. And the medical, both driven by very specific trends on the energy storage. Obviously, it is the renewable deployment. Not just not the residential scale, but more commercial scale that's driving a lot of the strength. And on the medical, it is a very specific trend of accessibility of the continuous glucose and the hearing aid, which is now almost over-the-counter that's driving a lot of that demand for us. And given that we have a leadership position here, we're seeing that strength.  So outside of these two, we do see the softness across industrial. 2024, I commented, we don't expect 2024 to see a very big change in recovery. So you can call it -- we'll call it when we get closer to it. But I don't have signs that will change the -- my view of the trend and outlook. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call back over to Hassane El-Khoury for any closing remarks. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you again for joining our call. As always, we aim to deliver consistency and transparency in our results, and we thank you for your support along the way. The executive staff and I are incredibly proud of our team's continued performance, dedication to our customers and commitment to delivering shareholder value. Our employees all over the world are solving complex technology and business problems for customers. Congratulations to the team, and thank you all. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the onsemi Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, and thank you for joining onsemi's second quarter 2023 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast along with our 2023 second quarter’s earnings release will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and the GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the second quarter of 2023. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other events that may occur except as required by law. Now, let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag. Good morning, and thanks to everyone on the call for joining us. The executive staff and I are thrilled with the results following another successful quarter for onsemi with Q2 revenue of $2.09 billion and non-GAAP gross margins of 47.4%, both above the midpoint of our guidance. Our worldwide teams are firing on all cylinders, well, maybe I should start saying they're spinning all motors now. Our approach of disciplined, consistent and reliable execution continues to be the winning formula for onsemi quarter-after-quarter. We have again exceeded our targets, despite the current market environment, all while delivering best-in-class performance for our customers. The most recent example is our silicon carbide performance. We ramped a new and highly complex technology, while continuing to surpass internal manufacturing and financial metrics and we are all very proud of everyone that contributes to its success daily. Given our progress in Q2 silicon carbide revenue growing nearly 4x over Q2 '22, we remain on track to achieve our first $1 billion revenue year and remain on track to have more than 50% of our substrates coming from our internal production by the end of Q4. EV is the fastest growing part of this business, followed by energy infrastructure. Customers are excited to work with us. Our successful capacity expansion is creating an opportunity for onsemi to gain share in silicon carbide by supporting new demand amid ongoing supply uncertainty in this space. In Q2 alone, we signed more than $3 billion of new Silicon Carbide LTSAs, bringing our total lifetime Silicon Carbide revenue committed through long-term supply agreements to over $11 billion. One of our largest wins last quarter was with Vitesco, a leader in modern drive technologies and electrification solutions, who signed a $1.9 billion agreement to support their growing need for silicon carbide in electric vehicles. They are co-investing $250 million as part of this 10-year LTSA to ensure capacity for the ramp. We also extended our silicon carbide engagement with BorgWarner to integrate our EliteSiC 1200 and 750 volt power devices into its power modules to deliver increased power density and higher efficiency, which increase the range and overall performance of EVs. We have had a longstanding relationship with BorgWarner and this extended LTSA now amounts to $1 billion of committed silicon carbide revenue. Finally, with Magna, one of the world's largest automotive suppliers, we have signed a silicon carbide LTSA to expand our strategic collaboration, which has long included technologies across our intelligent power and sensing portfolio. Together, we will integrate our 1200 volt intelligent power devices into Magna's traction inverter solutions to improve the performance of electric vehicles over the next 10 years. By integrating onsemi's industry-leading EliteSiC technology, Magna e-drive systems will deliver greater cooling performance and faster acceleration and charging rate that will help improve efficiency and increase the range of EVs. In addition, they will co-invest $40 million in new silicon carbide equipment in our Hudson and Czech Republic locations to ensure access to future supply. LTSAs have become an integral part of the way we do business with our strategic customers. LTSAs continue to provide us with extended visibility, stability in pricing and volume commitments, while allowing us to plan for long-term capacity. In terms of market dynamics, both automotive and industrial remained healthy in Q2 with quarter-over-quarter growth of 8% and 10% respectively, and now account for 80% of our total revenue. It was the first time that our automotive revenue surpassed the $1 billion mark in a single quarter driven by strength in intelligent power for electric vehicles and intelligent sensing for advanced safety applications. New regional regulations will require that vehicles be equipped with both a wider field of view to detect vulnerable road users such as pedestrian and cyclists, as well as high speed electronic braking for highways. These new standards can only be met with higher resolution image sensors, like the eight megapixel device, which we first introduced two years ago and is now widely adopted by top car makers for production in their 2024 models. With this accelerated adoption, we expect our 2023 revenue for our eight megapixel image sensors to more than double year-over-year. We have further expanded our intelligence sensing portfolio with the newly introduced Hyperlux Family of image sensors for automotive and industrial markets, designed to eliminate flicker, all while delivering the highest dynamic range available in the market. For industrial applications such as surveyance and machine vision, our new products also offer very low power with intelligent Wake-on-Motion to even further extend energy savings. Another significant milestone this quarter is the sampling of our automotive-grade image sensor out of our East Fishkill fab to leading global ADAS customers and partners, making onsemi the only image sensing supplier with a U.S. based 300-millimeter fab in both internal and external sources across every step of the imaging supply chain. Customers value the investments onsemi has made to improve supply resiliency. With evolving vehicle requirements and consumer behavior, automotive design cycles are getting shorter and continue to get compressed. Therefore, we must remain at the forefront of the latest trends and regulations, and ahead of our customers' need. We are innovating with the best in the world and being recognized for the value we provide. Most recently, we received a prestigious Volkswagen Group Award for Innovation for our strategic partnership on future electric vehicles with our broad portfolio of intelligent power, intelligent sensing technologies, along with our focus on establishing vertically integrated silicon carbide production capabilities. We are grateful for partners like VW, as well as our other strategic customers who trust onsemi's packaging expertise, scalable manufacturing capabilities and problem solving approach to deliver joint innovation in the rapidly evolving automotive market. In Industrial, our revenue grew 5% year-over-year and 10% sequentially, with continued strength in medical application, as well as energy infrastructure, which increased nearly 70% year-over-year in Q2. Our growth in the Industrial segment is driven by the accelerated adoption of high growth energy infrastructure applications like solar inverters, energy storage inverters and EV fast chargers. Solar is forecasted to surpass coal and gas in installed capacity by 2027. And onsemi has the number one market share position with a full suite of silicon, silicon carbide and packaging technologies to deliver the most highly efficient and system optimized solutions to customers. We have now secured $1.95 billion in long-term supply agreements for power modules with leading global manufacturers of solar inverters, among which are eight of the top 10 solar inverter suppliers. These customers are securing supply assurance to support their growth. Highlights in medical, include market expansion for continuous glucose monitors or CGMs, driven by the reimbursement of monitoring therapies. We are number one in CGMs, which we support with our sensor interface portfolio. And we expect this market to continue to grow at a 20% CAGR over the next five years. In hearing aids, we have partners with innovative customers, who will push accelerated adoption in the market with over the counter solutions, improving accessibility and lowering cost of ownership. Lexie Hearing is one of the world's game changers in hearing aids and uses onsemi's intelligent sensing technology at the heart of their solution, earning them recognition as one of Time 100's Most Influential Companies in 2023. Once again, I want to thank all our employees who work on our incredible silicon carbide effort around the world, as well as those who remained focused on all of our other strategic growth areas of intelligent power and sensing. We have a unique opportunity as a company to accelerate our investments in areas where we believe we can outpace the market with the capital generated by our mature and growing businesses. The size and scale of our operation have allowed us to leverage our infrastructure and expertise inside the company to tackle complex problems and drive increased output to support the growing needs of our customers. And now, let me turn the call over to Thad to give you more details on our results. Thad?
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. We're pleased to report another stellar quarter for onsemi. Our Q2 results and our Q3 outlook clearly demonstrate our consistent execution, outpacing the industry while navigating the soft macro environment. We are uniquely positioned as our business has been powered by multiple secular growth drivers in the fastest growing end-markets of Automotive and Industrial. All our Q2 financial metrics exceeded the midpoint of our guidance. We grew revenue 7% sequentially, expanded gross margin by 60 basis points to 47.4%, and delivered a 12% quarter-over-quarter increase in earnings per share to $1.33, which exceeded our guidance range. Our global teams have transformed the business to deliver predictable and sustainable performance with above industry growth at attractive margins. Revenue for the second quarter was $2.09 billion, roughly flat compared to the second quarter of 2022 and increased 7% over Q1. The sequential increase was driven by growth in the Automotive and Industrial end markets, with accelerating demand for electrification and renewable energy. Even without silicon carbide, our revenue increased at an impressive pace sequentially. Turning to silicon carbide. Hassane mentioned our continued execution and increasing number of LTSAs with automotive and energy infrastructure customers. We are ramping our silicon carbide production to support the increasing demand and remained ahead of our internal plans. Over the past two years, we have made strategic brownfield investments to expand capacity and ramp production much faster by leveraging our existing manufacturing footprint and expertise. These industry leading ROIC investments are now contributing to our financial results. In the second quarter, our silicon carbide business nearly doubled gross margins sequentially. And I'm proud to report our silicon carbide business achieved its first profitable quarter, delivering high-teen operating margin on a fully loaded basis, which includes all start-up cost. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the 33,000 onsemi employees across the globe for their commitment to success and delivering outstanding results quarter-after-quarter. Turning to end-markets. Our Automotive revenue hit a new record of over $1 billion in Q2, growing 8% quarter-over-quarter and 35% year-over-year, driven by the accelerating adoption of electrification and the continued need for sensing in vehicles. In Q2, Industrial revenue grew 5% year-over-year and 10% sequentially, with continued strength in EV charging, medical applications, as well as energy infrastructure, which increased nearly 70% year-over-year and is now a meaningful part of our overall revenue. We continue to exit volatile non-core businesses, which included another $57 million in Q2 revenue, bringing our total year-to-date of exited revenue to more than $100 million and nearly $400 million since the start of our transformation. We will continue to be opportunistic in non-core markets, where margins are favorable and engagements are strategic with our customers. We now expect to exit $350 million to $400 million in 2023. Looking at the split between operating units, revenue for the Power Solutions Group or PSG was $1.12 billion, an increase of 6% year-over-year, with more than 60% year-over-year increase in auto and nearly 70% year-over-year increase in energy infrastructure. Revenue for the Advanced Solutions Group or ASG was $650 million, a 9% decline over Q2 '22, driven by deliberate exits and continued softness in non-core markets, offset by strength in Automotive and Industrial. Revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group or ISG was $325 million, a 4% increase year-over-year, primarily due to the Automotive shift to higher value sensors in our portfolio, such as eight megapixel image sensors. Our GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of 47.4% improved 60 basis points quarter-over-quarter driven by silicon carbide and despite the significant headwinds from EFK we disclosed last quarter. We continue to improve the cost structure of the fab, but we expect EFK to be dilutive to gross margins by approximately 250 basis points for the next several quarters. We remain committed to maintaining our long-term gross margin trajectory as we execute our Fab Right strategy of driving efficiencies and further consolidation in our internal, as well as our external manufacturing network. Now, let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were $318.7 million as compared to $453.1 million in the second quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $305.5 million as compared to $317.7 million in the quarter a year ago. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 32.2% and non-GAAP operating margin was 32.8%. Non-GAAP operating margin increased 60 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Our GAAP tax rate was 15.3% and our non-GAAP tax rate was 15.8%. GAAP earnings per share for the first quarter was $1.29 as compared to $1.02 in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was $1.33, flat year-over-year and above the high end of our guidance. Our GAAP diluted share count was 448.7 million shares, and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 438.7 million shares. In Q2, we repurchased $60 million of shares at an average price of $86.49 per share. And we remained committed to our long-term strategy of returning 50% of free cash flow to our shareholders. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents was $2.6 billion and we had $1.1 billion undrawn on our revolver. In Q2, we proactively downsized our revolver by $500 million to $1.5 billion and extended the maturity to 2028 to align to our long-term needs and projected cash flow. Cash from operations was $390.8 million and free cash flow was negative at $39.8 million due to timing of investments in capital expenditures and growth in strategic inventory in the second quarter. We expect free cash flow to return to positive for the remainder of the year. Capital expenditures during Q2 were $430.6 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 20.6%. As we indicated previously, we are directing a significant portion of our capital expenditures towards silicon carbide and enabling our 300 millimeter capabilities at EFK and expect our capital intensity to be in the mid to high teen percentage range for the next several quarters. Accounts receivable of $944.4 million, increased by $63.5 million, and DSO was 41 days, consistent with the first quarter. Inventory increased by $149.5 million sequentially and days of inventory increased by four days to 163 days. This includes approximately 54 days of bridged inventory to support fab transition and the silicon carbide ramp. Excluding these strategic builds, our base inventory declined seven days quarter-over-quarter. We continue to proactively manage distribution inventory. Distribution inventory increased $20 million sequentially with weeks of inventory at 7.7 weeks in Q2 versus seven weeks in Q1. Total debt remained flat at $3.5 billion and net leverage is 0.27. Let me now provide you key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the third quarter. A table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is provided in the press release related to our second quarter results. Our business continues to strengthen with improved visibility, and we expect to recognize approximately $6.4 billion of committed revenue from our LTSAs over the next 12 months in addition to our non-cancelable and non-returnable orders. Given the soft macro environment, we are taking a cautious stance in our guidance. We anticipate Q3 revenue will be in the range of $2.095 billion to $2.195 billion. We expect Automotive and Industrial to increase quarter-over-quarter with other markets down mid to high-single digits, as we plan further exits in our non-core markets. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be between 46% and 48% due to lower factory utilization, EFK headwinds and the dilutive impact of silicon carbide, which remains ahead of plan. This also includes share-based compensation of $4.4 million. As we have previously stated, 2023 will be a transition year for our gross margin and we expect to maintain our trajectory as we manage these temporary headwinds. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses of $300 million to $315 million, including share-based compensation of $29 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP OIE will be negligible for the quarter. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 15.5% to 16.5% and our non-GAAP diluted share count for the third quarter is expected to be approximately 439 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $1.27 to $1.41. We expect capital expenditures of $440 million to $480 million, primarily in Brownfield investments in silicon carbide and EFK. To wrap up, the structural changes we've been implementing since the start of our transformation have improved the resiliency of our business and enabled us to better navigate the soft market environment. We have delivered another quarter with results above expectations, reinforcing that consistent, reliable execution is our path forward to achieving our long-term model. We have reduced the volatility in our financials and held to our commitments while navigating short-term market dynamics and we plan to continue to deliver for our shareholders one quarter at a time. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Liz to open for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chris Danley with Citi. Christian, line is now open.
Unidentified Participant: Hey. [indiscernible] here for Chris Danley. Sorry, you went dark for a second. Hey, guys. My first question is just on the overall cycle, Hassan, how would you compare taking silicon carbide out, just pure semis now versus three months ago. Would you say it's gotten a little better, a little worse? Any comments on visibility and just the overall semi cycle now versus last quarter at this point?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. I mean I'll tell you auto and industrial remains healthy. Even if you take out silicon carbide, that business is up. And that's really the way we position those -- both of these businesses in a lot of the mega trends that are underlying it with the EV and energy infrastructure. So when you put both of those without silicon carbide, that's also supporting growth in general for our, what I would call the silicon business. So strength in these markets is sustained.
Unidentified Participant: And how about non-auto industrial?
Hassane El-Khoury: Auto and industrial, we'll see it slightly down, flat slightly down. And that's a lot of our peers that are more exposed to those businesses are seeing and we see the same thing.
Thad Trent: Yeah. And for [indiscernible] our non-auto and industrial was up slightly, but as Hassane said, we expect it to be down mid to high-single digits in Q3.
Unidentified Participant: Yeah. Great. And for my follow-up, any changes in -- on specific lead times and shortages quarter-over-quarter? Has your lead times gone down, gone up -- stayed the same, shortages up, down, stayed the same versus three months ago?
Thad Trent: Yeah. On the lead times, if you look at our average lead time, it’s very consistent quarter-on-quarter. There’s been pockets where lead times have decreased a few pockets where they’ve increased. But on average, they’re relatively flat quarter-on-quarter.
Unidentified Participant: Great. Thanks, guys.
Thad Trent: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Blake Friedman: This is Blake Friedman on from Vivek Arya. Thanks for taking my question. So first, I just want to start off with that onsemi has signed a number of silicon carbide LTSAs. So I was hoping you could provide the mix of autos versus non-autos? And then looking further into the industrial market, your growth is up 5% year-on-year, which is certainly well above other peers down 10% to 20%. And I know silicon carbide is a partial contributor. But I was hoping you can describe maybe what you're seeing versus what peers aren't?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. A couple of things. On the silicon carbide, it's still within the same mix, we've talked about before about 90% is auto, about 10% is industrial. The LTSA that we talked about in Industrial are the $1.95 billion, that's for the whole market. So that includes silicon and silicon carbide or IGBT because we talked about the hybrid modules, we're able to provide that's driving that $1.95. On the industrial side, specifically, what really breaks us apart is the fact that we are extremely focused on the growth markets within industrial. We talked about energy infrastructure, which includes renewable and includes charging all of that, that is driven -- those are mega trends underlying the industrial and in my prepared remarks, I talked about our focus on the medical side of the business, which is also under the industrial. And that's seen, its own transformation from the hearing aid going over to counter to CGM being part of the reimbursement scenarios. All of these are driving underlying growth, but they're very specific to where we have chosen to put our strategy from a company perspective, that's where our investments have been and the growth is coming specifically. So that's the reason I can pinpoint exactly what is specific to onsemi versus the general peers.
Blake Friedman: Got it. And then as a follow-up, I was just hoping you can provide an update on the progress of in-sourcing silicon carbide substrates and your time line to be fully in-sourced. And I understand the strategy has been focusing on brownfield investments, but with industry silicon carbide supply expected to trail demand for the foreseeable future. Would management ever consider building its own greenfield facility down the road?
Hassane El-Khoury: So the -- I'll answer both of these separately. So the progress is still on track. I reiterated the fact that we're going to be exiting this year with majority coming internally. So we're still on track. That business is actually -- that operation is actually performing better than we expected. So high confidence in our commitment that we've made about six months to nine months ago, so we're going to exit this year with majority internal. As far as Brownfield, Greenfield, we have a lot of runway with the Brownfield. We have a great fab and back end exposure. And what we're doing is, we're going to utilize it. We don't see that needing to go to greenfield at any time in the future. Of course, that's dependent on business and economic sense. Right now, with all the wins that we have disclosed, those are we are able to support those with Brownfield, specifically as we embark on our fab right strategy that Thad described in our Analyst Day that's going to be supporting all the LTSAs that we've disclosed. And look, if business is even better than what we are talking about today, and we have to go to Greenfield, then that's a really good reason to do it. But for now, Brownfield is the path and we're able to support it. And that’s really highlights the good ROIC that we’ve been able to deliver.
Blake Friedman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar: Hey, guys. Can you hear me, okay?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah.
Harsh Kumar: Okay. Hey, guys. First all, congratulations. This is yet another fantastic quarter and guide from you guys, so congratulations. And I had two questions, Hassane. I'm seeing a little bit of a change in your business. I used to see sort of transactional business in silicon carbide, you get -- you’ll get orders, you get customers, but now we're seeing really large orders, really large customers, multiyear, multibillion-dollar deals. Is this happening because of the competitive environment recently or is this happening because you are much more comfortable taking on these orders? And if so, why are you more comfortable taking on these kind of orders? And then I know you've said that you never want to sell wafers, but I just want to clarify, are these orders strictly all 100% chips or is there a portion of wafers you're involved as well? And then I've got a follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. So let me answer the latter part because that's straightforward. We're still not interested in selling what we call substrates we're not in the business of substrate. Our focus on the substrate manufacturing is for internal consumption, that has not changed. And look, the demand that we've been talking about utilizes all of our substrate operations. So we're increasing that capacity in tandem just ahead of our revenue or the ramp from our customers. That remains unchanged and that remains our focus. And the operation is performing ahead of plan. So I'm very, very satisfied with what the team has done there. As far as the strategic engagements with the customer, it's not our -- it's not only our willingness to take that business on. We've always been willing and we've talked very confidently about our capabilities and what we have been ramping. What is changing is, if you think about the landscape, we have -- we are the only one that's scaled very quickly and is a silicon carbide supplier at scale. And that is now very, very clear to our customers and their customers, whether it's Tier 1 or an OEM and that ability to scale and really deliver exactly on our commitments to all the customers who had a LTSAs with us have gotten what they want, no hiccups in ramp, no hiccups in technology, no hiccups in expansion. So they're coming back and expanding those agreements because they're winning more business with our products and they want to secure more of their future. So it's a win-win, really and it's how you want it to be.
Harsh Kumar: Fantastic. And for my follow-up, I know investors always look forward and kind of want you to deliver on the next thing. So the question on 8-inch wafers. We hear a lot from investors about the cost disruption that, that might bring supposedly lower costs. Curious, if your customers bring this up with you at all at this point in time, and then I know you have plans for 8-inch wafer. Maybe you could update us on those while you're at it. And then Hassane, I also had a clarification on your previous question. Are you shooting for more than 50% internal by the end of the year for silicon carbide or the vast majority.
Hassane El-Khoury: Okay. The latter one, we are expecting over 50% by the end of the year, but that's not what the goal is. The goal is above that and we'll reach that in 2024. So we're going to exit above 50% this year and we're going to keep going into 2024 and we'll update you on kind of where we see that depending on the market and the dynamic there. The first part of the question...
Harsh Kumar: 8-inch.
Hassane El-Khoury: So we’ve -- we're still consistent and on track with what I've described in the past. We are running 8-inch currently. We are running it for what we -- what I call building the baseline, baseline yield, baseline all of that. So we're -- we have been producing 8-inch wafers in order to kind of flush out all of the manufacturing. So when we go to ramp, we are able to ramp as fast and as successfully as we have done in 6-inch. So our customers don't ask for that. What our customers care for is delivering the cost structure to be competitive, delivering the capacity to be able to ramp and be in there when they need to ramp. We're able to deliver on all of these commitments, both on 6-inch today and 8-inch moving forward. Our customers looked and audited our manufacturing capabilities on site. They feel as comfortable as we are and look, and you see it with, when somebody signs a 10-year LTSA, it's got 8-inch in it. And that's the confidence that they have in our business that we're able to deliver.
Harsh Kumar: Congrats again, guys. Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Can you hear me?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah.
Gary Mobley: We're cutting out here at the end of the introduction, I apologize. I appreciate the fact that you're probably going to increase your silicon carbide revenue for five-fold this year. Then maybe if you can speak to a preliminary view for fiscal year '24 considering supply constraints. It sounds like you're not demand constrained, but maybe focusing primarily on the supply side?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. We're not going to guide for 2024, but you can basically, when we get to Q4, you can take the exit rate, which is going to be healthy and then project forward. But we're not projecting into 2024, it will be substantially higher.
Gary Mobley: Okay. And maybe if you can give us an update on any sort of government subsidies, chipset funding, equivalents, elsewhere, specific to the silicon side of the business. And then as well, so can carbide, I understand the really weren't a CHIPs Act (ph) support for silicon carbide, but I think you had an opportunity to comment on that. Maybe if you can give us an update on where that stands?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, we're engaged in all parties, not just in the U.S., but of course, in Europe and we have a big operation in Korea, which has their own or variant of the CHIPs Act. So we're engaged in all three. We've announced a $2 billion investment for an end-to-end silicon carbide manufacturing, which will be the only one in the world really from substrates all the way to wafers on the same site. And we're considering all three of these regions because we have brownfield capabilities in all three of these regions. We talked about a decision made between now and the end of the year of where it's going to be. And part of the decision is well, the main decision is purely economic and financial. Therefore, the funding from the government plays a big role in swinging it one way or another for depending on which site. We're in the process and the discussions of all of these, but that one is specifically related to silicon carbide to comment on your question. As far as in general, we have made comments on silicon carbide, specifically in the CHIPS Act, but that's really up to them to what they do with it and that's part of our decision-making progress. We're going to go where it makes sense to get the best ROIC for our investments, and that's how we create shareholder value. That remains the top of our priority and we're going to make that decision between now and the year of where it goes.
Gary Mobley: Thanks, Hassane.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question and great quarter. So my question is around your strategy, you’re thinking around co-investment on SEC, some of your competitors are looking for $1 billion almost financing through these commitments. I know you did well with like Vitesco and Magna here for smaller amounts. But I'm really wondering about the strategy here. Are they investing in new capacity? What are they getting out of this? Are they getting a haircut on wafers or is it just dedicated capacity? How are you thinking about this? And the amount you want to take in overall from your customers as well to help finance this?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, I will start at a very high level. One, what differentiate onsemi, we can afford our own investments because of the cash flow from operations. So we're not looking at funding as a way to help us grow the business and help us build capacity. You look at our balance sheet, you look at our cash position and you look at the cash from operations and our CapEx investments, all of them are able to be supported by our operations. So a very different posture when it comes to capacity expansion. Where it comes strategically from a customer is really, it's a win-win. It's the commitment. There is no higher commitment on an LTSA than one where the customer co-invest with us. And that co-investments have multiple scenarios with it, depending on the customer and what problem or what opportunity they look for. So it's not a haircut. It's basically, it's an offset of depreciation. It doesn't change our cost structure for the value that we provide. It just offsets depreciation, whether it's depreciation on our book or their book based on the ownership of the equipment and how we apply that investment. And again, those are strategic in nature, which means everyone is specific to what that specific customer is trying to solve for and we work constructively with all of these customers. But it is not a -- we must get that money for us to ramp. This is a -- we are able to ramp and those are strategic investments. So it's a very different field we're playing in.
Christopher Rolland: Great.
Hassane El-Khoury: And the reason for the delta in dollars that you see is, again, goes back to Brownfield versus Greenfield. We're investing in Brownfield, which Thad at Analyst Day (ph) talked about a 40% better CapEx than a Greenfield. So that gives you kind of the delta why we're able to ramp so quickly much higher in output for much lower cost.
Christopher Rolland: Yeah. We definitely understand the efficiencies there. I also wanted to talk about solar. I wasn't expecting $2 billion in LTSAs from solar, which is, I believe, part of industrial. Are you expecting industrial SiC now to ramp faster? And then just as a follow-on there, just talking about gross margins for SiC overall. You said they doubled first profitable quarter. talk about this progression? Is this all moving faster than you would expect? And is it in part because of these industrial as a percentage of SiC as well? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. So on the revenue ramp for industrial, specifically on the energy infrastructure, the $1.95 billion is both silicon and silicon carbide. Remember that market is being serviced by a very unique value proposition we have. Simon talked about in the Analyst Day, the hybrid module, where we're able to put the best technology required into a single module to provide those customers. So that 1.95 is on both power technologies, IGBT or silicon and silicon carbide. As far as the ramp, look, they'll be ramping in tandem together. But the automotive number, given the TAM in automotive, we'll just ramp up to a higher number. But as far as percent ramp, they're both going to be a ramp. And if you recall, last year, we talked about how that business ramps 70% growth for the last two years. So it's pretty healthy growth. But from a dollar, of course, it's going to trail the automotive purely because of the TAM of the market that we're addressing. But both growth, both CAGR are very healthy and will remain healthy over the next five years as we execute those LTSAs.
Thad Trent: Yeah. And on the performance -- the financial performance of the silicon carbide business, look, we're extremely proud of what the team has accomplished there, doubling gross margins quarter-over-quarter. Achieving the first profitable quarter, again, on a fully loaded basis upon. And operating margins in the high-teen percentage is very impressive for the performance there. What I would tell you is, we have line of sight to that. It's ahead of schedule because we are ramping well. And on all metrics, we're ahead of plan. So although, we have line of sight to profitability, we’ve achieved it quicker than what we was in our original plan. So I think as we go forward, we’ll continue to see that expansion. And as revenue grows, that will continue to contribute to the bottom line.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks, Thad. Congrats again, guys.
Thad Trent: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the results. I did want to follow up on the last one. So you mentioned in the prepared remarks, I think it's high-teens operating margin for silicon carbide. Any way to disaggregate the levels internal substrates versus external and should we expect, as you ramp internal substrates over the coming quarters, should that continue to move higher? Because I would imagine, at least initially, it would be -- it could be a headwind to margins. Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, we're not breaking up as what it is. You can take it as an aggregate totally mix adjusted is what the number is. And it's going to keep going up, of course, as that business absorbs the start-up costs because look, there's still start-up costs in that business. So as we scale that business, start-up costs will be more absorption and that is how we will be continuously improving the gross margin trajectory, which consequently will improve the operating margin. So that financial milestone that we have achieved is not the destination. It's just a milestone. We have always had line of sight to it, like Thad said, we achieved it earlier than we expected, but the ramp or the, call it, the slope of that improvement will just continue from here and we'll continue to improve on all financial metrics as that business scales and as that mix changes.
Joshua Buchalter: Got it. Thanks for the color. I'm going to try to ask a question that involves the other 80% of your business now. East Fishkill headwinds for two quarters in a row have come in higher than anticipated. Can you walk us through just what's going on there? Why are they higher for longer and should we expect it to sort of trough in the beginning part of 2024? Is that the right time frame? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yeah. I think if you go back to what we disclosed and what we announced last quarter, it's very consistent, right? We got a surprise in the cost structure there. We've now been spending six months really getting our arms around it and understanding what we need to get that cost structure back in line. Look, we've got a large manufacturing footprint, we know how to run fabs efficiently, we’ve benchmarked, we know exactly what we need to do. As I say, this is like locking and tackling of what we need to do to take the cost structure out, but it takes time. It’s hard to take cost out when you running a fab at full capacity. So the time horizon is little bit longer than we expected. It will be from the next several quarters. I think – you think about this has been probably a year maybe slightly more than a year of headwind for us as we continue to take the cost out. But we expect by the time we exit 24 we’ve got that fab at parity and running efficiently.
Hassane El-Khoury: But one thing I would also highlight is, yes, the headwinds are higher than we expected. But to use your words, if you look at all the other operational metrics that we've delivered reflected in the reported gross margin and the guide we're able to absorb it and then some, given the beat this quarter and the rates for next quarter. So back to Thad's point, we know how to fix this stuff. We've been fixing it for the last two years. That's just another thing we're going to work on. We have line of sight to just going to take time. But of course, the rest of our business is operating in stellar including the underutilization that we've had to do. So our margin is structurally very different from what it used to be. And that I can say, I’m very, very comfortable, happy and confident about.
Joshua Buchalter: Understood. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Quinn Bolton with Needham.
Quinn Bolton: Hi, Hassane and Thad, congratulations on the nice results. Thad, I guess I just wanted to see if you could give us a little bit more color on the gross margin. Revenues trending up, sounds like SiC margins are moving higher. So I'm just wondering, are there any particular headwinds in the third quarter for the 40 basis point decline in gross margin at the midpoint?
Thad Trent: Yeah. Look, so we've got a number of things, right? We just talked about EFK. So clearly, that's a headwind. You've got utilization. Utilization dropped down slightly in Q2 from 71% to 70%. As we look forward, we think about utilization being kind of in that flat to down category. So we may have a little more headwind on that. But the key contributor to that margin stepping down just slightly is the ramp of silicon carbide. So even though the margins have doubled, it's still dilutive to the corporate average. So as revenue increases, you have more of a dilutive impact on Q3. So I would think quarter-over-quarter, really the delta is a little bit more underutilization charge and then this impact of the ramp of silicon carbide.
Quinn Bolton: Great. And just a quick follow-up. Do you expect quarter-to-quarter the SiC margins to improve understanding they're still below corporate average?
Thad Trent: Yeah, absolutely.
Quinn Bolton: Perfect. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi. Thanks. Do you have any update to the $4.5 billion LTSA from 2023 to 2025 and kind of anything to help us think about what silicon carbide could be next year and into '25?
Thad Trent: Yeah. No, we're not giving an update. Our focus right now is obviously, this year, we'll be given an outlook on 2024 as we get for reporting of the fourth quarter, given the run rate and where we are. Of course, we have the number in LTSAs, but we're not talking about it yet. We're not guiding for it. It will be substantially higher than where it is in 2023, given the LTSAs and the ramp. But right now, we're focusing on the execution in the short term.
Timothy Arcuri: Great. And then, Hassane, how do you think about the captive versus external mix? You did say you're going to be more than 50% this year. But when you sort of lay this out longer term, how do you weigh where you want to take that number to longer term, given some of the investments that some others are making particularly in China. Is there like an upper range of where you want to push that 75% or how do you sort of think about balancing that? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, there are multiple factors of how we balanced it. Our focus is to be able to support our customers. When we have LTSAs and we look at supply resilience and supply assurance, we have to be able to manage the too. We're not going to be -- we don't want to be 100% internal. I've said that in the past. You can think about it 80%, give or take and that's going to be dependent on, of course, supply assurance, especially, as you can't ignore the geopolitical aspect of it when you say sourcing out of China, right? That is not a supply assurance path as we stand today with the geopolitical environment. So that, of course, has to play a role. And more importantly, it's the cost we have a factory, we have a factory at scale and we have a factory that is performing very, very well. So for us to want to get supply from the outside. It has to make also economic sense compared to what we are able to do internally. So all of these, we always consider that we always look at what the scenario is going to be. But you can think about it as 80%, give or take, depending all of these factors that I mentioned.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you, Hassane.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Unidentified Participant: Yeah. Thank you. This is Jeremy (ph) on for Tore. I guess a couple of follow-ups on the earlier questions on the co-investments. Can you help us understand what the mechanics of this are, the impact potentially to gross margins, maybe cash flows? Just wondering how the $40 million or the $250 million co-investment can be played out in the financial statements? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yeah. As we – this is Thad. So as we receive the cash from customers, obviously, that goes on the balance sheet. The way that it gets accounted for is, it gets amortized over the life of the agreement. So if you think about an LTSA that maybe have five to 10 years, you can think about that dollar amount getting amortized over the life as those products are shipped, it actually is recorded through revenue. So actually, it's a bump in, in margin over that time frame. But you can think about the cash coming in, in advance as we make payments going out, hopefully, it's favorable from a cash flow standpoint. That's the intent that we get cash before we make the commitment to the equipment. And again, just as a reminder, all of the capacity that we're bringing on is to support these LTSAs on those committed revenue. So we're not building capacity on the hope that we can fill it. So in these situations, as Hassane mentioned earlier, these customers are co-investing for assurance of supply with us. But the accounting works that actually hits the revenue line over time.
Unidentified Participant: Great. Thank you. And just a quick follow-up to that. Is the -- so this is like a revenue prepayment. It's not any kind of ownership of the equipments and are there any limitations on maybe if it's specific to the equipment, it's not any limitation on use that for other customers?
Thad Trent: Yeah. Every situation is a little bit different. What I just described there is a prepayment rate, if you think about it, a customer deposit. We do have situations where customers will consign product or selling equipment to us and that situation is a little bit different. It's just a lower depreciation off of our books and that sits on their books. But every situation is a little bit different, depending on the customer situation. Obviously, we want as much flexibility as we can have as we develop these things. So we try not to tie up capacity for one customer and have the ability to move our production on any of the lines on any of the locations. So it's designed to have the ultimate flexibility for us.
Unidentified Participant: Great. And one last question, if I could. With the slightly different free cash flow on results this quarter and the high-teens and the capital intensity that seems to be consistent, with your targets outlined at our Analyst Day. Is there any change to that in the very long term in the 2027 targets? Are you seeing anything in terms of higher costs and also maybe in terms of the ability to achieve the head count you need to ramp this capacity? It seems like that's been the problem with some of the other fab ramp-ups that we're seeing around the world? Is this something that is [indiscernible] to you guys at this point? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yeah. No, I don't think we're -- I mean outside the norm, I don't think we're seeing a labor shortage, right? And part of this is leveraging our brownfield investments and brownfield footprint where we have head count. In terms of the capital intensity, no change to the long-term plan. This is more of a short-term. As I said, the free cash flow will go back to positive for the remainder of this year. So it's really just the timing of getting that equipment in as well as the ramping of our strategic inventory to support our fab transitions and our silicon carbide ramp. But longer-term, our capital intensity targets all remain the same. We think we’ll be in the mid to high-teens for the foreseeable future, but then stepping down over time, as we’ve outlined previously.
Unidentified Participant: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities.
William Stein: Hi. Great. Thank you for taking my question. Congrats on the great results and outlook. Hassane, at the Analyst Day, you discussed your emerging products in digital power control. I think that is likely related to servers that are focused on AI, maybe you can confirm that understanding and also remind us of your targets and traction towards that?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. So obviously, part of that focus on what we call driver and controllers is the server or the cloud infrastructure, which applies definitely to AI, that's the play we have there. But most of it is also targeted towards our primary markets, the auto and industrial. With every switch or call it, silicon or silicon carbide switch, we have the opportunity with the flywheel effect that Sudhir talked about to increase that content. We're on track there. From a technology perspective, we have already some of the products for internal, I guess, performance. And we will be making progress in sampling come early next year, so very fast progress. It's like what you saw us do in silicon carbide. We're going to -- we decided, we're doubling down, we're starting to run, and we're going to start delivering on that. That's going to be the winning formula for this new business also. So stay tuned for more updates as we get into Q4 or Q1 of '24.
William Stein: Great. And then a follow-up, if I can. You've reiterated many of the goals around the ramp of silicon carbide today, but there's one I'm not sure I heard you talk about yet, and that's the margin exiting the year, I think, in the past, you've said it will be neutral to the -- at the enterprise level. Is that ready for an update? Is it possible you could do better than that or any reason you're backing off that goal? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Will, this is Thad. No, our expectation remains the same. As I was saying earlier, Q3 is the highest dilution impact of silicon carbide just because of the ramp and again, the margins being below the corporate average. We believe by the time we exit the year, we’ll have those margins at the corporate average, as we’ve stated previously.
William Stein: Thank you.
Thad Trent: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Hassane El-Khoury for closing remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you again for joining our call. We plan to continue to put our winning formula to good use with deliberate execution and operational excellence as we continue to navigate the soft market environment. Through it all, we remain committed to delivering value for our shareholders and confident in our long-term outlook of outgrowing the semiconductor market by 3 times through 2027. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-01 21:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ON Semi First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there'll be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal, please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and thank you for joining ON Semi’s first quarter 2023 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2023 first quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and the GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our most recent Form 10-Qs other filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the first quarter of 2023. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other events that may occur except as required by law. Now let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As we continue our transformation, I'm pleased to report another quarter where we've exceeded expectations with revenue of $1.96 billion and non-GAAP gross margin of 46.8%, both above the midpoint of our guidance. The current market environment did not deter us from our goals, we have teams around the world, who are committed to operational excellence and I am proud of the results they have achieved in this first quarter. Over the last two years, we centered our transformation around the structural changes that would enable us to better navigate the uncertainty in the semiconductor industry. We streamlined our product portfolio, reduced price to value discrepancies, double down on silicon carbide and improved the overall operations of the company. We have incredible talent in the company and we have been all hands on deck to solve some of the world's toughest engineering problems to accelerate the ramp of this next generation technology. Thanks to our team's relentless efforts we are seeing greater than anticipated silicon carbide results ahead of our internal plan for manufacturing output at every stage of the process from bulls to die to modules. In Q1 alone, these results allowed us to shift nearly double our Q4 revenue and more than half of our 2022 full-year revenue. We are on track to grow our revenue to $1 billion in 2023 and that's approximately 5 times the revenue of 2022 setting ourselves up for leadership in the silicon carbide market with the majority of the substrate sourced internally. Demand for electric vehicles, ADAS and energy infrastructure remained healthy amid a broad-based macroeconomic slowdown. While our automotive revenue increased 38% year-over-year, it was flat quarter-over-quarter. We are still supply constrained across several automotive technologies, while in some other technologies, we are cautiously monitoring inventory digestion. In Q2, we expect to see quarter-over-quarter growth in our automotive revenue. In Q1, we shifted our mix to energy infrastructure where there is high demand and high growth. Our industrial revenue in turn increased 1% sequentially instead of the decline we had anticipated. Driven by the need for alternative energy, sources and accelerated by global geopolitical issues, installation of energy storage systems is increasing along with our content that includes silicon carbide and silicon power solutions. Pricing across our business is stable and we don't anticipate any changes in the pricing environment. A significant part of our business is secured by long-term supply agreements and pricing in these agreements is fixed for multiple years. Also, as part of our business transformation, we have walked away from price sensitive businesses in non-strategic areas to drive predictable financial results. In Q1, automotive and industrial accounted for 79% of our total revenue, as compared to 65% in the quarter a year ago. When we started our transformation, we targeted 75% of our business to be automotive and industrial by 2025 and we have achieved our desired end result two years earlier. We also improved our demand visibility across all markets with commitments from our customers, new and existing in the form of LTSAs. These LTSAs also help reduce our exposure to the volatility in the consumer and computing markets. Volkswagen as an example, signed a three-year agreement for more than 100 current production devices giving them the required supply chain sustainability with a major semiconductor partner, our committed revenue through LTSAs increased again in Q1 by $1 billion. We are supporting our customers today while working closely with them on next generation designs for their intelligent power and sensing needs. In addition to the LTSA we announced last quarter, we were recently honored with the 2022 Supplier of the Year Award from Hyundai Motor Group, which recognized ON Semi as a trusted provider for key technology in its ecosystem, offering supply chain resilience and manufacturing sustainability. Customers also recognize us as a strategic partner that provides high value through the entire design cycle, which gives them a competitive edge over their peers. In March, we launched our new Elite Power Simulation tool to bring complex power electronics applications to market faster through system level simulations, saving design engineers from expensive time consuming hardware fabrication and testing in the early stages of development. This tool will also allow us to get a broader customer reach through our distribution network with a low touch model to design in our products. Global automotive OEMs are choosing to partner with On Semi for the superior performance of our end-to-end silicon carbide solutions. Just last week, we announced an LTSA with ZEEKR, a leading all EV manufacturer in China, who has selected On Semi's third generation 1,200 volt EliteSiC MOSFET to increase the electric powertrain efficiency and extend the range of its expanding portfolio of high performance electric vehicles. These EliteSiC power devices deliver improved power and thermal efficiency, which reduced the size and weight of the traction inverters to deliver improved performance resulting in extended driving range and faster charging speeds. BMW Group has also selected On Semi's EliteSiC to support range extension for their next generation electric vehicles. They secured an LTSA with us to equip their future electric drivetrains with our silicon carbide technology to increase efficiency and system level performance. We also continue to invest in silicon power and as auto OEMs move to Zonal Architecture, we deliver intelligent power solutions that meet all voltage range requirements from 12 volts to 48 volts and beyond. Through these strategic partnerships, we are enabling our customer sustainability efforts, while also working on our own. We committed to the science-based targets initiative and pledged to set near-term science-based emission reduction targets in line with SPTI criteria and our decarbonization journey to achieve net zero emissions by 2040. Our Q1 revenue for intelligent sensing increased 26% year-over-year. We introduced our new Hyperlux Family of image sensors to support the transition to eight megapixel devices where ASPs can be up to 2.5 times that of one or two megapixel image sensors. Our traction for image sensors in automotive has proliferated into industrial automation and smart retail applications. Our newest eight megapixel image sensor achieved stunning 4K video quality with optimized near infrared response necessary for industrial applications with harsh lighting conditions such as security and surveillance, body cameras, doorbell cameras and robotics. The shift out of lower value commodity applications coupled with capacity expansion in differentiated products and packages reduced the supply to demand gap and is driving margin expansion and revenue growth in our focused markets. Automotive and Industrial now account for more than 95% of our intelligent sensing business. Beyond image sensing, our intelligent sensing penetration is expanding with other sensing solutions in our portfolio. We shipped our 1 billionth inductive position sensor IC to Hela, one of the largest automotive supplier, who uses our technology and their drive by wire systems such as accelerator pedal fencing, steering and torque sensors, as well as actuators for pressure boost and turbos. We also lead the market in automotive ultrasonic sensors with more than 20 sensors in one of the latest EV models from a leading European OEMs. In Q1, our intelligent power and intelligent sensing revenue accounted for 69% of our total revenue, as compared to 64% in the quarter a year ago. As we get ready for the next chapters and with our journey, we are applying what we know. Operational excellence in controlling what we can and executing to our commitments. We have positioned ourselves to lead in our focused markets with superior technology to offer our customers and we have the agility to pivot and adapt to change as required by the business and market environment. And more importantly, we have the team to execute. Now, I will turn the call over to Thad to provide additional details on our financial and guidance. Thad?
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. As Hassane highlighted, we exceeded expectations in the first quarter, which is a testament to our employees around the globe, who are committed to operational excellence. Our ability to focus, invest and execute has provided benefits across all areas of the business and allowed us to maintain our financial targets, while navigating the market uncertainty. We continue to identify and extract operational efficiencies in our business groups and corporate functions, while identifying gross margin expansion opportunities. I'll start by diving into our results for the first quarter. Total revenue was $1.96 billion dollars above the midpoint of our guidance driven by strength in silicon carbide and energy infrastructure. In Q1, our silicon carbide manufacturing output was ahead of our internal plans and we nearly doubled our Q4 revenue, increasing our confidence in our past to the $1 billion year. Our automotive business now accounts for 50% of total revenue and at $986 million in Q1 it was flat sequentially, offset by a recovery in industrial revenue. Industrial revenue grew by 1% quarter-over-quarter, surpassing our original projections. We anticipate another stellar year for our Energy Infrastructure business with projected 50% growth over 2022 at accretive gross margins. Revenue for the Power Solutions Group or PSG was $1 billion dollars, an increase of 3% year-over-year and we saw sequential gross margin expansion as our silicon carbide ramp exceeded expectations on both revenue and margins. Revenue for the Advanced Solutions Group or ASG was $593 million, a decrease of 14% year-over-year and revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group or ISG was up an impressive 32% year-over-year at a record of $354 million. ISG's impressive turnaround continues as Q1 was also their 11th quarter of gross margin expansion with record gross margin exceeding 50%. As a corporation, our consolidated gross margin held up nicely. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the first quarter was 46.8% above the midpoint of our guidance, driven by higher than anticipated industrial revenue and improved manufacturing performance for silicon carbide output. We also exited an additional $47 million of revenue in the quarter at an average gross margin in the mid-40% range, bringing the total revenue to-date to $341 million of non-core business exits. Our non-GAAP gross margin declined by 160 basis points quarter-over-quarter as expected with the ramp up of silicon carbide and EFK headwinds and lower factory utilization of 71% as we continue to slow wafer starts. Q1 was our first quarter of operations since acquiring our 300 millimeter fab in East Fishkill. The current operating cost is much higher than we had anticipated. So the dilutive impact is greater than we previously expected. However, based on our current outlook, we are confident we can realign the cost structure of the fab and drive efficiencies to recover by early 2024. As demonstrated in Q1, we expect to maintain our gross margin trajectory for 2023. Our financial strategy remains unchanged as does our capital allocation strategy. In Q1, we returned more than 100% of our free cash flow to our shareholders with share repurchases of $104 million. This was the first repurchase from our new authorization, which allows us to repurchase up to $3 billion through 2025. Additionally, we issued $1.5 billion in convertible notes in Q1 with the proceeds used to repay our term loan. This was essentially leverage neutral and highly accretive as we swapped out a portion of our variable rate debt approaching 7% with a fixed rate convert with a coupon of 50 basis points. We also entered a call spread transaction increasing the effective strike price to $156.78 per share, providing significant dilution protection. Now let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were $352.6 million, as compared to $314.1 million in the first quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $286 million, as compared to $302.8 million in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating expenses were below our guidance as we manage discretionary spending across the company given the uncertain macro environment. We also initiated structural changes to ASG to improve operational efficiency by reallocating resources to high growth R&D initiatives, while improving our product development and time to market on industry-leading proprietary products. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 28.8% and non-GAAP operating margin was 32.2%, a decrease of 190 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 16.3%, GAAP earnings per diluted share for the first quarter was $1.03, as compared to $1.18 in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.19 above the high end of our guidance. Our GAAP diluted share count was 448.5 million shares and our non GAAP diluted share count was 439.1 million shares. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents was $2.7 billion and we had $1.6 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $408.9 million and free cash flow was $87.4 million or $4.4 of revenue. Free cash flow was negatively impacted by timing of annual bonuses and CapEx payments. Capital expenditures during Q1 were $321.5 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 16.4% for the quarter. As we indicated previously, we are directing a significant portion of our capital expenditures toward silicon carbide and enabling our 300 millimeter capabilities at East Fishkill fab and expect our capital intensity to be in the mid to high teen percentage range for the next several quarters. Accounts receivable of $880.9 million increased by $38.6 million and DSO of 41-days increased by four days. Inventory increased by $198.1 million sequentially and days of inventory increased by 23 days to 159 days. This includes approximately 43 days of bridge inventory to support fab transitions and the impending silicon carbide ramp. We continue to proactively manage distribution inventory, decreasing inventory in the channel by $79 million sequentially and at historically low levels with weeks of inventory at 7 weeks, compared to 7.3 weeks in Q4. Total debt was $3.5 billion and net leverage is $0.25. In Q1, we accrued $41 million in balance sheet under property, plant and equipment related to the 25% investment tax credit for investments in our U.S. Factories. This will eventually flow through our income statement as lower depreciation and will receive the associated cash benefit in the future. Let me now provide you key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the second quarter. The table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is provided in press release related to our first quarter results. Our business continues to strengthen with total committed revenue under LTSAs of $17.6 billion, an increase of $1 billion quarter-over-quarter. We expect to recognize approximately $5.8 billion of committed revenue from our LTSAs in the next 12 months in addition to our non-cancelable non-returnable orders. Given the macro uncertainty, we are taking a cautious stance in our guidance. We anticipate Q2 revenue will be in the range of $1.975 billion to $2.075 billion. We expect automotive and industrial to increase quarter-over-quarter with other markets flat to down as we plan further exits in our non-strategic end markets. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be between 45.5% and 47.5%, due to lower factory utilization, EFK headwinds and the dilutive impact of ramping silicon carbide, which remains ahead of plan. This also includes share-based compensation of $4.5 million. As we previously stated 2023 will be a transition year for our gross margins and we expect to maintain our trajectory as we manage these temporary headwinds. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses of $297 million to $312 million, including share-based compensation of $28.8 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP OIE will be $3 million to $5 million. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range 15.5% to 16.5% and our non-GAAP diluted share count for the second quarter is expected to be approximately 440 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $1.14 to $1.28. We expect capital expenditures of $420 million to $460 million, primarily in brownfield investments in silicon carbide and EFK, which are a more efficient use of capital than the greenfield alternative of building a fab from the ground up. We are very proud of our financial results through this transformation and will continue to deliver value for our shareholders. We are equally pleased with our cultural transformation. On Semi is a very different company today. We challenge the status quo and we hold ourselves accountable to our commitments. As many of you know, we'll be holding an Analyst Day in New York on May 16, and we look forward to sharing our future plans to accelerate value for our shareholders. We hope to see you there. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Kevin to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Hassane, I want to ask about the auto side of your business. Investors are getting a little more concerned just about the -- that market given that it's of the few that hasn't cyclically adjusted. And you guys were flat sequentially versus what you thought would be up a bit and that's all despite the silicon carbide side, upsiding. So I guess could you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing there, inventory, demand and perhaps separate the silicon carbide side from the other parts of the business when you give that answer, please?
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. Look, obviously for silicon carbide, it's a ramping business for us. You've seen tremendous progress in the first quarter, slightly ahead of where we thought we would be based on just the team doing a stellar job ramping the technology, that's going to keep ramping throughout the year. You can think about it as an uptick in the second-half as we accelerate the -- exiting the year on track for the $1 billion that we talked about and every day, we had more and more confidence in those numbers. The rest of automotive, obviously, we have some technologies that remain constrained, so demand is healthy. We remain constrained in our ability to supply to that demand. You can think about that as our silicon high voltage, silicon medium voltage, that not just go to the EV demand, but also a broader aspect of that demand. Other technologies, we're monitoring the inventory digestion. As I said in my prepared remarks, that was, kind of, the first quarter where we wanted to look at it. We used that opportunity to drain the distribution inventory where you see we went from 7.3 weeks to 7 weeks and that's a pretty big number over $70 million of a $1 drained from the inventory, because we wanted to set ourselves up for the uncertainty in the second-half of the year that everybody keeps talking about. So from a demand, I'm comfortable with the EV, that's a ramping business for us. The rest we're cautiously monitoring. However, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Q2 is an up quarter for us in Q1. So you can think about automotive as we took a breather in Q1 to test the inventory and we're going to keep ramping for the rest of the year. Full-year, we're going to be up from last year, so that gives you kind of an idea on the overall demand as we see it outside of quarter-on-quarter fluctuation.
Ross Seymore: Perfect. Thanks for that. And I guess moving from my follow-up over to Thad on the gross margin side of things. It seems like there were quite a few moving parts, especially the East Fishkill in the silicon carbide side, but the net of it all seems be right in line with your plan. Can you just talk a little bit about those moving parts? East Fishkill is more expensive, but silicon carbide is ahead of plan. Does that still net out to the same trajectory through the rest of the year? Just walk us through those puts and takes and maybe the utilization side as part of that as well, please?
Thad Trent: Yes. So the utilization dropped in the quarter from about 74% to 71%. We expect, kind of, what we're seeing right now is utilization to stay in that range plus or minus for the remainder of the year. Obviously, if there's a second-half recovery, we can ramp up quickly. You nailed it on the rest of it silicon carbide performed better-than-expected, EFK cost as I said is coming in significantly higher than we expected. You can think about these as being, kind of, orders of magnitude more dilutive than what we expected. The good news is we are absorbing that. As I said, we're finding additional opportunities to improve gross margin across the company and we're able to absorb that. We believe by the time we get into 2024, we've got the cost structure of EFK back in line to where we would expect it to be. So we're really confident in the margin outlook for this year, I don't think anything changes. I think if we look at Street consensus for gross margin for 2023, even with these headwinds, we think we can execute to that -- those expectations.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hassane, I wanted to ask about your plans for in-sourcing the material side for silicon carbide. Can you give us a progress on how that's going? I believe you said during the prepared remarks that you are targeting to be majority in-source? Is that a full-year comment? Is that an exiting Q4 comment? So just give us an update on where you are from an in-sourcing perspective? And let's say if you are majority in-sourced exiting the year, how does that help you on the gross margin side?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, my comment is exiting the year. It's basically reiterating our plan that I've stated throughout the year -- last year of establishing the supply, establishing the growth in our Hudson facility in order to set ourselves up exiting the year majority. So that holds even more now given the progress that we've had in Hudson just in the last quarter, which drove a lot of our favorability in our results and the gross margin as Thad talked about. So I remain very, very happy with where we are from the progress and the confidence that we have in reiterating our plans. As far as the gross margin obviously in-sourced is always better, because you can see the merchant, there's always margin stacking that happens. So our ability to be able to mix and have a majority exiting, of course, helps the margin as we move through the year. But the biggest portion of the margin expansion for silicon carbide is really going to come from the utilization of that fixed cost that we've implemented. And that remains on track for us to get that business to at or above the corporate margin. So we remain very focused on that and really satisfied with where we've done so far.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, Hassane, I think you mentioned that, so specific to autos, that you took the opportunities in Q1 to drain some of the inventory. How are you seeing the overall pricing environment as you look Q2 through Q4 versus what you thought earlier, are there any changes? There's a lot of macro across currents, but how is that impacting your automotive outlook, Q2 through Q4, especially on the pricing side? Are there any changes one way or another?
Hassane El-Khoury: Absolutely no changes, it’s actually very predictable and that's really the benefit that we've been talking about with the LTSAs that have us really with our customers align on pricing and volume through the duration of the LTSAs. So no conversations about pricing. The focus has always remained on supply and that's holding up not just through the year, but through the extent of the LTSAs we have with the customers. So very, very stable and no pressure on that. And by the way, it's not just an automotive. The pricing is holding up across all markets where we have LTSAs and we -- because we -- as you know, we've been focusing on products that provide value. It's not a pricing conversation, it’s about what the products bring to the customer. The things that would have pricing pressures, in Thad, talked about how we have been focusing on exiting that business, to the point where it's above the business we exited had a four handle on the gross margin and we still are steadfast on exiting, because that is where the margin pressure will come in and the pricing pressure and we're not going to play in these markets and we're getting ahead of it and exiting those businesses.
Vivek Arya: Excellent. Thank you, Hassane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. I didn't know I went from a Jewish to Italian overnight. Anyway, can you just give us a little update and some color on the shortages and the lead time situation? I guess for Hassane, our shortage is pretty much exclusively in the automotive business or are they elsewhere? And then there any point in time this year where you think the shortages will go away?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, so the -- for me, I always refer to shortages as technologies, because they're across all markets where we provide them. High voltage silicon is of course constrained technology for us. We ramped capacity, yet the demand is much higher than even our increased capacity. And for that business, for example, it goes into automotive and it goes into industrial specifically in our alternative energy. And as Thad said, that's ramping very nicely this year after a very stellar ‘22 ramp that we talked about last year. So that is technology that is constrained. We have some intelligent power technologies that are constrained. Think about it as mixed signal analog where demand in automotive and demand in industrial both have been increasing ahead of the capacity we've added. So those are technologies agnostic of markets. We remain constrained, not because of just capacity, but demand keeps accelerating, because of the markets we are participating in. As far as the second-half of the year, that really depends on what your view is for the second-half of the year. Based on our outlook, that technology will still remain constrained there, while in other areas, not in these specific technologies, we're seeing some flattening in our lead times and therefore we can see some of that easing. But the second-half is really going to depend on what the demand does. And based on our outlook, we're going to remain constrained.
Thad Trent: Yes. And on the lead time. Lead times are relatively stable running, kind of, in that 41 to 43 week timeframe. Quarter-on-quarter, I think down a week to two weeks, but I would call it pretty much across the board lead times are stable.
Chris Danely: Okay. Great. And then for my follow-up, just I guess one for Thad. So as the CapEx is ramping Thad, can you just talk about maybe over the next three to five years, how that's going to impact depreciation and gross margin and can this all be offset by the efficiencies or what will be the, I guess, the gross margin headwind from all those CapEx a little farther down the road?
Thad Trent: Yes, well. I would start out by saying we're making big investments in silicon carbide and EFK as I've mentioned. Now as you think about our capital expansion and expansion in just capacity is to support the LTSAs that we have, right? So this is not a situation where we're building capacity hoping that we can fill it. So we're very comfortable that with our margin projections that we can absorb that additional depreciation. I would tell you in general, I wouldn't call it significant, but what you would see is offsetting revenue and gross margin to offset that depreciation.
Chris Danely: Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. I had a follow-up question on gross margins as well, Thad. Just curious on how we should be thinking about the timing of headwinds from both the silicon carbide ramp and the EFK ramp peaking? Is that sort of a second-half ‘23 dynamic or should we expect the headwinds to stay relatively elevated in the early part of ‘24? And also the benefits from your fab light strategy, I think you've sized it at $160 million and reduce costs over time once we expect those benefits to kick in?
Thad Trent: Yes. So the impact of the $160 million, I'll start there. We expect to get that as we exit those fabs. We think that really starts to kick in in ‘24 and ‘25 it takes at least three years to exit a fab. So I think most of that starts to roll in ‘24 and ‘25. On the headwinds from silicon carbide and EFK, so the EFK has already hit us in Q1. You can think about that as being pretty consistent through the year. We think by early 2024, we can get that back in line and it isn't the headwind that we that we got surprised with. On silicon carbide, it's ahead of schedule, which is really great. It’s performing much better than we expected. There is a headwind there, we think it likely peaks, kind of, in that Q3 timeframe. And then we think by the time we get to ‘24, it’s -- those margins are at the corporate average, so that's behind us as well. EFK will be a little bit of a drag as we've talked about previously in ‘24 and ’25, as we continue to do that foundry business for global foundries, but we think we can get the cost structure back in line this year.
Toshiya Hari: That's helpful. Thank you. And then as my follow-up, one for Hassane, a little longer term. I think at your previous Analyst Day, you had guided revenue growth for the overall company in kind of the 7% to 9% range. I think that was a 2025 model, I think you have pretty good visibility given the LTSA pipeline, is the 7% to 9% range still the right range in your view as you think about the overall company over the several years? Or do you think with silicon carbide and some of the other opportunities that you've secured, you could potentially outgrow that? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Well, I would say, must be present to win. I'll see you in -- at our Analyst Day on May 16 for that one.
Toshiya Hari: Okay, I tried. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, guys. First of all, congratulations on a very successful transition so far, Hassane, Thad and team and then also the near-term results in a choppy environment. So first question I had is we had a peer of yours in another perhaps segment in the auto business that had poor results out of China or at least they blame China, EV slowdown. I was curious, given your position in China, if you could comment on what you're seeing in the EV market, and then I've got a follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, I mean, we all see the EV market in China. But the difference for us is China for us is a ramping market. And that's really going to be contributing to our ramp throughout the year. So even if the demand call it on the top demand is a little choppy, out of China. For us, it's incrementally favorable and we're going to continue to ramp there, so we don't see it. We're kind of disconnected from it given that for us, it's a ramp. It's not a mature market yet, and that puts us in a very good position.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks, Hassane. And then maybe one for Thad. What is -- you talked about the timing for the silicon carbide headwind and the Fishkill scale headwind. Could you quantify what you're seeing in terms of headwind? Would you be able to give us a number? And then the second part of that question is I think Hassane, you mentioned in your comments that or maybe Thad did that by the third quarter timeframe, your silicon carbide business would be a corporate margin. So are we thinking 40s, high-40s or we thinking 50s ultimately as a stable gross margin to the silicon carbide business?
Thad Trent: Yes. So harsh, what we said is at scale, at once we fully ramped so it can carbide, those margins would be at or above the corporate average. As I said, we've got headwinds that we think peak in Q3. We think by the time we get to ‘24, that headwind is behind us. In terms of the magnitude of the headwind, we've said historically that the silicon carbide is 100 basis points to 200 basis points of a headwind. We're performing better than we expected. So you can think about that as not at the high end of that range, it’s somewhere in between there. But we're very confident in our outlook here based on our performance that, that we can continue to execute there and we feel very good. On EFK, as I said, we had the full impact in Q1. You can see we absorbed it and offset it with gross margin expansion in other areas. Historically, we've said that’s 40 basis points to 70 basis points, I've said it's significantly higher. You can think about it as being greater than 2 times, what our expectations were. Again, we think we can absorb that throughout the year. Our margin trajectory doesn't change and we're very comfortable with Street consensus on gross margin for the year. So I think it gives you -- our confidence in managing through this.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks, fellas.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Raji Gill with Needham. Your line is open.
Raji Gill: Yes, thank you and congratulations as well on great results in a tough environment. Just a quick question on the automotive market, you mentioned Hassane, a modest inventory digestion in the end market and then you're also kind of reducing distribution inventory. Can you talk a little bit about the overall demand picture for automotive. I know it's hard to kind of separate the significant ramp that you're seeing in electric vehicles and in turn silicon carbide. But just curious if there's a softness in the demand market, if there's a shift away from high-end to mid-range, any kind of color on the automotive market will be appreciated?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look. We don't see a big disconnect into demand. It was like I said, it was a momentary thing where we use this opportunity to kind of reposition the inventory that we have externally and we'll get back to growth in the second quarter and through the year giving us an increase in our automotive revenue year-over-year. So that really doesn't change the outlook. But what we take a look at, if you think about it, it's a stable environment we're going to be growing in automotive. If I really don't see any areas that causes us pause or a change in our outlook. So we remain confident with that.
Raji Gill: All right. Very good. And from my follow-up on the LTSAs, you talked, Thad about $17.6 billion that was up $1 billion quarter-over-quarter. Was that all primarily related to silicon carbide incremental designs or other drivers? And just along those lines, you saw kind of significant growth in energy infrastructure, you're talking about it up 50% year-over-year. Can you describe what are some of the tailwinds in that market? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes. So the LTSAs, we continue to stack those up another $1 billion this quarter to $17.6 billion, it's broad, it’s across the board. There's silicon carbide, there's non-silicon carbide. But when we think about how we're engaging with our customers that want assurance of supply, they're looking at the entire portfolio and locking that up with us for multiple years. And again, keep in mind these LPSAs on average are four to five years. So it's -- as Hassane said, pricing is stable and those really gives us better predictability of our business and we're happy that we continue to engage with customers on that way. We see customers expanding their LTSAs either by adding additional part numbers or extending the duration and then we've got new customers that have been on the outside looking in. That are coming in saying we need to get an LTSA with you. And so we think that trend will continue.
Hassane El-Khoury: And then on the alternative energy, the tailwind is going to be market-driven. We had a stellar year in ‘22 from ’21, and that's compounding now what we're going to see in ‘23 from ‘22 and that's all of it is market-driven, and that's primarily the big components here are silicon power and silicon carbide. But again, as Thad mentioned, we have a penetration with the whole bomb, bill of material. And if you recall most of that market for us is under LTSAs, we have LTSAs with eight of the top 10 energy vendors in the world and they're ramping given the demand and we're ramping with them given our content.
Raji Gill: Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much guys. Good morning. Hassane, I wanted to -- there's so much focus that typically goes into the silicon carbide space on substrate. But you guys mentioned a few times ramping CapEx and other things around Brownsfield fabs in order to support the business as you ramp the substrates that are GTAT. Maybe you could give us a little bit of color on how the non-substrates part of your supply chain is going for silicon carbide? And just what position that might give you guys on a cost basis relative to some others that are doing Greenfield facilities? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So look, as I mentioned, we're -- we've been increasing capacity. We started in 2022 in preparation for the ‘23 ramp and really the ‘24 ramp in this case where a lot of the focus, like you said, has been on substrate, because that's the first thing we have to ramp. But with increased capacity in our wafering and internal EPI, that gives us a very big cost advantage versus getting turnkey externally. And then following that is increase in our fab capacity, which also gives us a much better cost structure. Because the fab we are ramping is an existing power fab that's where we do really most of our IGBTs. And having a power fab at scale, gives us that edge one from a cost and two from the speed at which we can scale. So think about it this way, increasing capacity in an existing fab that already does power is way cheaper and way less risk than Brownfield and a power fab and silicon carbide. That has always given us the confidence in our ramp, has always given us the confidence in the slope of the ramp, which really exceeds everyone else out there and we're on track to achieving it, all of these give us one the cost, two the risk mitigation and three the confidence in our outlook.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks, Hassane. As my follow-up, I wanted to ask, I think both of you guys mentioned in your script this morning, some little pockets where you're -- I think the words were cautiously monitoring inventory. Maybe you could obviously, the growth of the company and the results speak for themselves and you're overcoming some of those things. But if you could just give us a little bit of color on where you are seeing those pockets of inventory? Are they clearing up? Are they getting worse? Just any color there would be helpful. Thanks guys.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, when I say pockets again, I'll go back to my comment from prior about the technology. We remain constrained in technologies across all markets and there are areas primarily. You can think about it mostly on the consumer and compute where we've been -- one is cautiously monitoring specifically the disit inventory and that's why you've seen us even this quarter be very aggressive in draining the dollars in the channel. So although the weeks were 0.3 weeks down in the channel, but dollars are almost $80 million down. And that's a pretty steep decrease that we have been managing. And look, we've been managing it throughout the whole even the -- when supply was constrained across the board. So inventory for us is a big focal point not just internally, but externally. And until we get higher and higher confidence in what the second-half is going to bring, we're going to be cautiously optimistic and really holding back on what we ship out of the company unless we are seeing high confidence in its POS-ing. We're not going to have inventory just sitting around whether it's our distribution shelf or the customer shelf. And that really sets us up for a very nice recovery whenever that starts turning out to be.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks, Hassane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. I'm going to talk about image sensors. You did talk about supply constraints across several auto tech. I just wanted to check the update of that. And then it seems like some of the drivers there or the move to 8 megapixel was wondering, kind of, what your competitive position is there, what percent of revenue might be at 8% versus 1% or 2% overall? Thanks so much.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, obviously our competitive advantage across the board and image sensor is really on technology. We've talked about specific technology, I mentioned a few of them where it's the near infrared that helps with different lighting conditions, that of course applies in automotive and the examples I've given in my prepared remarks or start industrial, but it also applies in automotive where the high dynamic range whether it's very bright/light with sun or very dark at night. Those are all competitive advantage on the inherent in our technology that customers value and that we provide these solutions for. On the 8 megapixel, that's a new generation that we have launched across both auto and industrial. You're going to -- you can expect that to be forward-looking a mix shift as we ramp that. So today is very small. But the commentary I gave about ASP with of course also translates to improved margins that is on a forward-looking basis. Both Thad and I have always said our new products are at or ahead of our model, the 48% to 50% and as we ramp these products, you're going to see the margin expansion that will be contributed to by these products becoming a higher percent of revenue. So that's more of a forward-looking statement that again gives us the confidence in our margin trajectory and the fact that we've always said, it’s not -- the model is not the destination, it’s really a milestone.
Christopher Rolland: Excellent. And just maybe following up there and then a quick one. So you mentioned the supply constraints across several auto tech technologies. I think you mentioned some, but just wanted, kind of, that more comprehensive list. And then lastly, M&A you have a ton on your plate organically, but are you still considering inorganic and how do you see that market?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, so across the board, obviously, I think I'll comment on image sensors, image sensors is a foundry business for us. We're seeing some easing in the foundry, so we get a little bit more capacity allocated to us. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we used this opportunity to really bridge that supply to demand gap that we've had in the last couple of years and we're making progress into catching up. We're not caught up yet, but we're making progress, so that remains constrained obviously. On high power silicon, think about it as IGBT or silicon carbide really. We've always said we're sold out on silicon carbide, so improvements that we have contribute to our achieving our numbers. IGBT, as I mentioned, remains constrained, because of strength and not just automotive market, but also in the industrial. A lot of our energy storage systems are silicon and silicon carbide, but a lot of it remains still today on silicon. So that adds some of that constraint, so you can see it's really across the board not specifically on markets, but it's driven by megatrend growth that we are participating in. As far as M&A, look, you're right, our focus is on execution. We have a lot going on, a lot of it is great work that creates a ton of value for our shareholders. So execution is key and execution is our focal point. But we never look away from M&A, we're always looking, because those are opportunities that we will participate in. But as we sit here today, I can't tell you there is something we are missing in order to achieve our organic plans of value creation. So we'll be opportunistic, we'll always drive and participate in the M&A landscape, but there's nothing I would say we have to have, which is the best place to be, because we can be very disciplined in our approach of M&A.
Christopher Rolland: Great update. Thanks, Hassane.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and sneaking me in here. I know Harsh asked about the China EV market, but I wanted to ask more broadly about China indigenous demand. Where do you see that demand profile set today and maybe give us a sense of China did just demand as a percentage of your sale currently versus and where it's been in the past in terms of thinking about the optionality upside there?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, in our -- just for China specifically in our non-strategic markets. Obviously, that's been down, both the market is down, but also that's not a strategic market for us, so we've been exiting and a lot of the exit is driven by the market in China for us. So that contributes, it's part of our plan, so that's not a surprise for us. It's actually what we anticipated and that's why we've been focusing on these exits, as far as protecting our margin and that's been our strategic plan all along. And we're starting to see it play out, which is not a surprise for us. On the EV, although there's some pause in EV or a little bit of redirection on the EV market in China for us, that market is actually net incremental. We are the ramping party in EV in China and therefore that will remain through the rest of the year even with the current outlook as a net favorable to our revenue growth. So we're -- I would say, no surprises, no changes to our outlook and no changes to our execution as we move forward this year.
Gary Mobley: Got it. As my follow-up, I want to ask about the supply of silicon carbide materials to support your $1 billion of revenue. I appreciate the fact that you'll be majority internally sourced for substrates exiting the year, but I presume that you'll probably purchase somewhere close to $200 million in merchant supply this year. Maybe if you can give us an update in terms of some of the constraints that you might be seeing there from your more traditional suppliers and how you may be broadening your supplier list there?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I'm not worried about the merchant supply. Obviously, our percent of internal is going to be incrementally going up throughout the year. We're going to be majority internal. But as far as derisking, we've done a very good job on having multiple sources that we are able to pull on. All sources, not internal, are qualified. And we're getting what we need. So therefore, think about it as a very good and already in the playbook risk mitigation strategy while we continue to execute greatly on our internal substrate.
Thad Trent: Yes. And I would just add that although it's a tight market out there, obviously, I think that's well known. We -- as I've said, we've been building inventory in silicon carbide for this ramp. So we've been preparing for it. And then obviously, as we get more flex into internally supplied substrates, that helps us.
Gary Mobley: Thanks, again.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thank you. Hassane, at the silicon carbide event you hosted, I think it was perhaps about a year ago. You talked about the trend in supply and demand in silicon carbide likely remaining in the shortage situation for many years. Then we have this surprise -- certainly surprised to many people announcement from Tesla that on their next-gen vehicle, the so-called Robotaxi, they're going to be reducing silicon carbide usage meaningfully. I know it's only one customer. I know they're still small share of global auto production, but it's an important customer. It's an important data point. I wonder how that influences your view of supply and demand for silicon carbide longer term, not just the next year, but as we think about five years plus?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, actually, the announcement doesn't change my outlook. It actually -- I would say, confirms it because if you think about it, this is a new platform and a much broader platform as far as volume. And therefore, it's incrementally beneficial as far as demand is in the market, that's just on silicon carbide. The other thing is when you start thinking, and I don't want to talk about customers specifically. But as more and more, you can start thinking about silicon and silicon carbide, so IGBT plus SiC. This is a business that I've been talking about for really a couple of years. And you've heard me talk about how it's always a customer choice and our ability to supply both is incrementally beneficial for us. Therefore, when you start seeing silicon carbide, even with lower penetration of silicon carbide on a platform is still a net incremental silicon carbide in mass market vehicles. And that actually supports the concept that I've talked about that we are going to be constrained over the next few years.
William Stein: That's super helpful. One other, if I can? Perhaps, Thad, you talked about the product revenue and margin of the exits you did during the quarter. Can you remind us how much is left of that? What sort of duration you expect for the exits to last? And should we continue to expect sort of this mid-40s gross margin level on the exits going forward? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes. So we think for the year, there's a total of about $400 million of exits. This first quarter, we are at $47 million below our original expectations. We thought it was going to be higher than that this quarter. But we actually think we will still exit this throughout the year. I think this next quarter in Q2, we're probably looking at about $85 million of exits and then the remainder of that to be in the second-half. So you'll see these exits ramp additionally in the second-half. And the gross margin is -- yes, it's kind of in that mid-40% range of what we're going to lose currently. And this is the stuff that's price sensitive that -- the reason we're going to lose it is because we're not going to go down that pricing curve, right? So this is -- these exits over time, we think these gross margins go back into the in the low range that we're not willing to participate in. So yes, so for the year, about $400 million, and you can think about it as kind of the mid-40% gross margin range.
William Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call back over to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you again for joining our call. As Thad mentioned, we look forward to seeing many of you at our Analyst Day. Our future is bright, and we look forward to sharing with all of you what's next for On Semi. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the onsemi Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Christa. Good morning, and thank you for joining onsemi's fourth quarter 2022 quarter results conference call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2022 fourth quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and the GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Qs in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2022. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other events that may occur except as required by law. Now let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury : Thank you, Parag, and thank you all for joining us today. 2022 has been an excellent year for onsemi, and nothing makes me prouder than to share our latest progress after closing the second year of our transformation. Our worldwide teams have yet again delivered outstanding results, allowing us to deliver the most successful year in the company's history, with record revenue of $8.3 billion in 2022, an increase of 24% year-over-year, with earnings growing 3x faster than revenue. Our gross margin of 49.2% increased 880 basis points for the full year and 1,650 basis points since we began our transformation journey. From our manufacturing footprint to our product portfolio and go-to-market strategy, we have transformed all facets of our business and set ourselves up to win in the fastest-growing megatrends of the automotive and industrial markets. We earned ourselves a position in the S&P 500 this past year, and we created more value for our shareholders than ever before. The uncertainty in the macro environment has impacted demand, and we have seen a slowdown in some areas of our business, which include consumer, computing and parts of industrial.  Demand for our automotive business remains healthy as automakers have been catching up on production levels. In Q4, our automotive business grew 54% year-over-year, 13% quarter-over-quarter and accounted for 47% of our total revenue as compared to 35% in the quarter a year ago. Our industrial business grew 6% year-over-year in Q4 and accounted for 26% of our total revenue. While we saw softness in parts of our industrial business in Q4, demand for energy infrastructure and medical applications, such as continuous glucose monitors and hearing aids, remain strong.  We continue to extend our leadership in silicon carbide with our customers who value the leading performance of our silicon carbide modules and our end-to-end supply chain capabilities. In 2022, we shipped more than $200 million in silicon carbide revenue. We remain on track to deliver $1 billion in 2023 based on committed revenue from LTSAs, and we now have more than $4.5 billion of committed silicon carbide revenue between 2023 and 2025. By focusing on the areas where we provide the most value to our customers, we have positioned ourselves with the market leaders in the fastest-growing segments in automotive and industrial. The top automotive OEMs are not only choosing onsemi for silicon carbide, but for our worldwide class intelligent power and sensing solution. In automotive, we have seen tremendous momentum with silicon carbide, and we believe that vehicle electrification will be a long-term driver for our business. We expect to remain supply constrained for the next several years even as we aggressively add capacity to our Hudson, Czech Republic and South Korea manufacturing sites. As we recently announced, Volkswagen Group has selected onsemi as a corporate strategic supplier to provide the silicon carbide modules that enable a complete traction inverter solution for its entire fleet of next-generation electric vehicles. onsemi will deliver its EliteSiC 1200-volt traction inverter power modules. These modules facilitate a small footprint and full weight system solution, which will support the front and rear axle inverters in a large range of VW models. We already shipped more than 500 different devices to Volkswagen Group, including IGBTs, MOSFETs, image sensors and power management integrated circuits and this expanded engagement to include our silicon carbide further strengthens our partnership with one of the largest carmakers leading the charge in vehicle electrification. In 2022, we began to recognize revenue at Tesla from silicon carbide shipments and expect revenue to see a continued ramp in 2023. We have also expanded our partnership beyond silicon carbide and image sensor to numerous power and analog solutions, totaling over 300 different part numbers. Jaguar Land Rover signed a seven-year long-term supply agreement to adopt onsemi's silicon carbide for their next- generation platforms and other solutions for their 11-kilowatt onboard chargers and other xEV application. This LTSA also provides Jaguar Land Rover with the supply assurance for their current production model across onsemi's broad portfolio of power solutions. In addition, Hyundai Motor Group selected onsemi's EliteSiC family of silicon carbide power modules for their high-performance electric vehicles. Onsemi's EliteSIC silicon carbide modules increase the efficiency and lower the weight of the traction inverters extending electric vehicle range and improving performance. Our high-power density SiC modules deliver the most innovative package technology to reduce power losses associated with DC to AC conversion, along with reduced size and weight of the traction inverter to extend EV range and increase performance. We remain just as focused on our engagement with Tier 1s, where we are seeing a steep increase in onsemi content for upcoming EV select platforms and advanced safety applications. We recently secured a win with a major Tier 1 for a marquee European platform that includes more than $1,800 of content across our portfolio of silicon carbide and other intelligent power solutions for traction inverters. These are just a few of our recent wins in the fastest-growing automotive applications, giving us confidence in our outlook for this business and our $1 billion revenue year for silicon carbide. As the leading automakers accelerate the transition towards vehicle electrification, increased autonomy and advanced safety, they are choosing onsemi as their preferred partner for the performance of our silicon carbide solutions and vertical integration from substrates to state-of-the-art modules, for our world-class image sensors and for the breadth of our complementary intelligent power intensive portfolio, and for our manufacturing excellence and supply assurance. In industrial, while fourth quarter revenue declined 10% over Q3, we expect our traction in energy infrastructure and medical applications to offset the softness we are seeing in the legacy parts of this business. The global energy crisis is triggering an acceleration in alternative energy deployment with solar as the most installed renewable power capacity by 2027, tripling from 2021. This accelerated deployment trend is reflected in our revenue for energy infrastructure, which increased 75% year-over-year, above our forecast of 60% growth. Our newest 200-kilowatt wins with leading energy storage system suppliers contained nearly $370 of content per system in silicon carbide and other power solutions.  Last month, we announced our partnership with Ampt, the world's #1 DC optimizer company for large-scale solar and energy storage systems. Ampt uses our EliteSiC silicon carbide critical power switching application. Customers like Ampt expect leading-edge technology, and our silicon carbide solution meets the high performance and reliability standards required for these renewable energy applications. In addition to our alternative energy opportunities, our customer LTSAs are providing demand visibility into the broader industrial market where we expect our growth to come from over-the-counter hearing aid and emerging requirements in factory automation. We are at the beginning of a transition cycle where our award-winning inductive position sensors and new generation image sensors engineered for robotics and scanning provide better performance and lower power. We have spent the last two years making structural changes in all areas of the company to improve the resiliency of our business. We are a different company today. We have rationalized our product portfolio and manufacturing footprint, we are leading in the fastest-growing markets, and we are now getting the true value for our products with multiyear commitments from our customers. We will not be distracted with the current market environment and remain focused on our execution against our near-term objectives and our long-term strategy. Our customers are planning well beyond 2023, and they are investing with onsemi to deliver leading-edge technologies that address complex intelligent power and sensing requirements in automotive, industrial and cloud power markets. We will grow faster than the markets we plan. And our traction in silicon carbide, coupled with the demand visibility that long-term supply agreements support us, leave me confident that with a disciplined approach in 2023, we will continue to meet our customers' expectations and deliver on our commitments to our shareholders. Now I will turn the call over to Thad to provide additional details on our financials and guidance. Thad?
Thad Trent : Thanks, Hassane. Let me first start by going through our full year's performance, followed by results for the quarter and wrap up with guidance for the first quarter. As Hassane mentioned, our results have only been possible because of incredible effort of our worldwide teams. I want to thank our employees for embracing our fast-paced transformation and going above and beyond for our customers. A year where the macro environment and geopolitical uncertainties were front and center, we remained steadfast in our execution to achieve a record financial year for onsemi. Our 2022 revenue closed at $8.3 billion, an increase of 24% year-over-year, primarily driven by strength in our automotive and industrial businesses. Our non-GAAP gross margin of 49.2% increased 880 basis points year- over-year, achieving our target model of 48% to 50% for the full year. Our non-GAAP earnings per share was $5.33 compared to $2.95 in 2021, growing 3x faster than revenue. We just closed the eighth quarter since the beginning of our transformation, and our continued success is a direct result of the structural changes we've made to improve the resiliency of our business. The company's transformation has taken shape by optimizing three key areas of our business: our manufacturing footprint, our product portfolio and our go-to-market strategy. In 2022, we divested four subscale fabs to improve our cost structure. We completed the acquisition of East Fishkill fab in New York, which became part of our manufacturing network on December 31. We further reduced price-to-value discrepancies to maximize value for our technology investments. We exited volatile and highly competitive businesses, allowing us to walk away from $294 million of noncore revenue to date at an average gross margin of 26%. We've pivoted our portfolio to high-margin products and end markets with auto and industrial exiting the year at 73% of total revenue versus 59% in Q4 of 2020. We exited the year with $16.6 billion of signed LTSAs across our entire portfolio. We increased our new product revenue by 34%, and we increased the design win funnel by 38% year-over-year. These structural changes have yielded a threefold increase in free cash flow since the start of our transformation, growing approximately 4x as fast as revenue, with 2022 coming at a 20% free cash flow margin. Our strategy has driven radical improvements in the performance of our business units, and these businesses are now best-in-class among their immediate and broader peer group. For example, our Intelligent Sensing Group's transformation has yielded a high growth, high operating margin business. ISG is now comparable to peers who typically command valuation multiples at premiums of more than 2x the industry average. ISG exited Q4 with record gross margin of more than 49%. By rationalizing the portfolio and exiting low-margin consumer- facing markets, ISG's gross margin has improved by more than 1,600 basis points since the start of our transformation and the revenue mix is now more than 90% high-margin automotive and industrial. ISG revenue of $1.28 billion in 2022 increased 73% over 2020, driven by the transition to higher-resolution sensors at elevated ASPs. As I mentioned earlier, we assumed ownership of our 300-millimeter fab in East Fishkill on December 31. This fab is a key enabler of our brownfield manufacturing strategy by providing incremental capacity for our silicon power products that we are transitioning from our fab in Korea to create capacity for our silicon carbide ramp. In addition, the EFK fab provides us with the capabilities to support long-term growth for our intelligent sensor business. Since the acquisition closed on the last day of the year, there is no P&L impact in Q4, but the acquired assets are now reflected on our balance sheet. Turning to results for the fourth quarter. As I mentioned, Q4 was another quarter of strong results. Total revenue was $2.1 billion, an increase of 14% over the fourth quarter of 2021 and a 4% decline in quarter-over-quarter. Record automotive revenue of $989 million increased 13% quarter-over-quarter and 54% year-over-year to 47% of our total revenue as compared to 35% in the quarter a year ago. Industrial revenue grew by 6% year-over-year, but declined by 10% quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to macroeconomic factors. As Hassane mentioned, our energy infrastructure and medical businesses continue to grow despite macroeconomic headwinds. Revenue from intelligent power and intelligent sensing accounted for 69% of our total revenue in Q4. Intelligent power grew 18% year-over-year and intelligent sensing grew by 47% year-over-year, both driven by continued growth in the automotive and industrial markets. Revenue for the Power Solutions Group, or PSG, was $1 billion, an increase of 10% year-over-year. Revenue for the Advanced Solutions Group, or ASG, was $701 million, an increase of 8% year-over-year and revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group, or ISG, was a record $354 million, an impressive increase of 44% year-over-year. GAAP gross margin for the fourth quarter was 48.5% and non-GAAP gross margin was 48.4% and above the midpoint of our guidance. Our non-GAAP gross margin declined by 90 basis points quarter-over-quarter, with our planned ramp in silicon carbide and lower factory utilization at 74% as we proactively slowed wafer starts from the beginning of the year. We also exited an additional $17 million of revenue in the quarter at an average gross margin of 40% bringing the total to date to $294 million of noncore business exits. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 33.5% and non-GAAP operating margin was 34.1%, an increase of 550 basis points year-over-year and a decrease of 130 basis points quarter-over-quarter. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter was $1.35 as compared to $0.96 in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.32 as compared to $1.09 in the fourth quarter of 2021. We remain confident in the sustainability of our long-term gross margin model of 48% to 50% despite near-term headwinds from silicon carbide start-up costs and our ramp at EFK. As we enter 2023, we are maintaining tight control of our wafer starts, managing inventory levels, and we remain disciplined in our spending. We expect continued favorability as we plan to exit more than $400 million of low-margin business. And starting in 2024, we'll start recognizing $160 million of gross margin benefit as we transition our wafer supply from the divested fab. Now let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $316 million as compared to $352 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $300 million as compared to $306 million in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating expenses were below the midpoint of our guidance as we proactively manage spend across the company. For the fourth quarter, our non-GAAP tax rate was [15.9%], our GAAP diluted share count was 448 million shares, and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 440 million shares. We repurchased 1.3 million shares for $90 million in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we repurchased 4 million shares for a total of $260 million at an average price of $65.13 per share, which was 16% of 2022 free cash flow. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents increased 19% sequentially to $2.9 billion, and we had $1.5 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $731 million and free cash flow was $380 million or 18.5% of revenue. Capital expenditures during the fourth quarter were $340 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 16% for the quarter and 12% for the full year. As we indicated previously, we are directing a significant portion of our capital expenditures towards silicon carbide and enabling our 300-millimeter capabilities at the East Fishkill fab and expect our capital intensity to be in the mid- to high teens percentage range for the next several quarters. Accounts receivable of $842 million declined by $15 million and DSO of 37 days increased by 1 day. Inventory increased by $41 million sequentially and days of inventory increased by 7 days to 136 days. This includes approximately 26 days of bridge inventory to support fab transition and the impending silicon carbide ramp. We continue to proactively manage distribution inventory, decreasing inventory in the channel by $10 million sequentially and at historically low levels with weeks of inventory at 7.3 weeks compared to 6.9 weeks in Q3. Total debt was $3.2 billion and net leverage is approaching zero. We accrued $15.7 million on our balance sheet under property, plant and equipment related to the 25% investment tax credit for investments in our U.S. factories. This will eventually flow through our income statement as lower depreciation, and we will receive the associated cash benefit in the future. Let me now provide you key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the first quarter. A table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is provided in the press release related to our fourth quarter results. We continue to see strong demand from our automotive end market, driven by electrification and ADAS and accelerating ramp of our silicon carbide business. We continue to see softening in certain industrial applications, and we expect increased weakness in our nonstrategic end markets that we plan to exit. Given the macro uncertainty, we are taking a cautious stance on our guidance. Despite a slowing macroeconomic environment, our business continues to strengthen with total committed revenue under LTSAs of $16.6 billion, an increase of $2.5 billion quarter-over-quarter. We expect to recognize more than $5 billion of revenue from our committed LTSAs in 2023 in addition to our non-cancelable nonreturnable orders. We anticipate Q1 revenue will be in the range of $1.87 billion to $1.97 billion, with continued strength in automotive amid softness in all other end markets. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to decline, to be between 45.7% and 47.7% due to lower factory utilization and the dilutive impact of ramping silicon carbide and EFK, which is within our expected range of 100 basis points to 200 basis points and 50 basis points to 70 basis points, respectively. This also includes share-based compensation of $3.4 million. We expect 2023 to be a transition year for our gross margins as we manage the temporary headwinds.  We expect non-GAAP operating expenses of $298 million to $313 million, including share-based compensation of $23 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP OIE to be $21 million to $25 million. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 15.5% to 16.5% and our non-GAAP diluted share count for the first quarter is expected to be approximately 441 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $1.02 to $1.14. We expect capital expenditures of $340 million to $380 million, primarily in brownfield investments, which are a more efficient use of capital and the greenfield alternative of building a fab from the ground up. As a company, we become much more agile, controlled and purposeful in our execution, and we'll benefit from our disciplined approach in 2023 and beyond. Given our confidence in our strategy to invest for long-term profitable growth, we remain committed to a balanced capital allocation strategy to drive shareholder value. With a threefold increase in free cash flow, a strong balance sheet and our net leverage approaching zero, we have increased flexibility into one capital towards our shareholder return program. Today, we announced that our Board of Directors has approved a new program authorizing up to $3 billion of share repurchases through 2025, representing twice that of the last authorization, which expired at the end of last year. This is aligned with our stated strategy of returning 50% of free cash flow to shareholders over the long term. And finally, we hope you're saving the date for our Analyst Day in New York on May 16. We look forward to sharing more of our long-term vision at that time. And with that, I would like to turn the call back over to Christa to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore : First question for either of you guys. In the first quarter, guiding down about 9% sequentially. I know you said auto is staying strong and everything else is kind of softening. Can you give a little bit more color on the puts and takes with exits, et cetera? And then perhaps more importantly, how those trend throughout the year between the end segments within that $5 billion of LTSAs you plan to represent?
Thad Trent : Yes, Ross, this is Thad. So if you look at the planned exits that we have for Q1, we think we'll exit up to another $75 million in the first quarter. As we've always said, this will be market-dependent, but we do kind of see that in the cards here. In terms of overall what we're seeing for Q1, we're looking at automotive continuing to be strong. Think about it as kind of low single digits. We think industrial is down kind of low single digits. And the rest, consumer, compute, other, being down pretty significantly to make up that -- the rest of it to be down approximately 9% for the quarter. I think for the year, it's hard to tell at this point. I think we see auto remains strong. I think industrial kind of being potentially flat year-on-year and the rest of the business being down slightly or down, but it's obviously too early to tell what's going to happen long term.
Ross Seymore : And then on the gross margin side of things, it seems like that's holding in well despite the utilization dropping and all the other headwinds. It doesn't seem like there's any surprises. Any sort of linearity about how the buckets work throughout the year, the exits being a positive, the silicon carbide side and the East Fishkill being negative? Is that something that peaks out in the headwinds in the beginning of the year and then lessen? Or is the shape a little more back-end loaded? Anything you could provide on color on that would be helpful.
Thad Trent : Yes. Look, you know that, right? I mean there's no surprises here on where margins are coming in. We're really happy with where we're performing. All of the ramps in silicon carbide and EFK are playing out just as we would expect. We think these headwinds kind of peaked probably Q2, Q3. We think by the end of this year, we've got silicon carbide, the headwinds there have gotten to parity and the margins for average at that point after all these headwinds are behind us. But we're pretty happy with the performance and the tracking of gross margin at this point, right on track with what we've been telegraphing for a couple of quarters ago.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya : I just wanted to dig into the silicon carbide comments. It seemed like you are reaffirming the $1 billion commitment for this year. And I think you raised the longer-term outlook by $0.5 billion to $4.5 billion. I was wondering, Hassane, if you could give us some more color on what's helping to drive that upside? And as kind of part B of that question, how should we think about any incremental headwinds on the cost or the gross margin side as you bring on more internal material supply? Are you getting the yields? Are you getting the performance? Are you getting what you need from your internal supply? Or will you have to rely more on external wafers that could change the profitability of your silicon carbide business?
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. So, Vivek, two parts of your question. So first, yes, we're reconfirming the $1 billion revenue for '23. The increase of $0.5 billion in the same timeframe, the '23 to '25, obviously, we've always said we continue to engage with customers. Customer continue to value the performance of our products and the end-to-end capability, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So that obviously has maintained the strength of our business where customers are committing to long-term supply agreements, even in what I would call a shorter- term horizon, which is '23 to '25. So that's again a testament of where we stand with the technology and the supply. Now as far as your comments on internal substrate, we remain committed to our internal substrates. So of course, we have been -- through '22, we have ramped our capabilities for internal substrates. That ramp is going to keep increasing. And that ramp is as a plan to support our growth in the LTSA that we have from '23 to '25 and even beyond. And as far as yields are concerned, I know there's conversations about yield, none of which have been made by the company. So I'll use the opportunity to set the record straight. Any commentary about yields from unreliable sources, I'm not going to comment on. What I will tell you is our yields are coming in per plan. Our ramp is coming in per plan. And as shown in our margin in the fourth quarter and our guide in the first quarter, which all have come between that 100 basis points to 200 basis points. So our business is healthy, our ramp is on track, and we will continue to invest in browfield to support our customers.
Vivek Arya : Very helpful, Hassane. And then just as a quick follow-up. I was hoping you could give us some color on your automotive business, excluding silicon carbide. Sales have now grown in your auto business for, I believe, 10 quarters, and you're guiding to another quarter of sequential growth. How undersupplied is the automotive market right now? And is your non-silicon carbide business you think can it grow in line or above the market this year?
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. Look, I think we're going to outgrow the market in automotive. We said that goal even back in our Analyst Day, and we've been outperforming our own goal. Outside of silicon carbide, the breadth of our portfolio is what is really highlighting the strength of that business. We've always said that our growth is going more pact content versus unit sold. Thad talked about the transformation we've had in our image sensing -- our Intelligent Sensing Group. That is content, both in number per vehicle, but also the ASPs with the higher resolution. That's driving growth in our business. A lot of the power, whether it's IGBT or support other medium and high-voltage fabs outside of silicon carbide, that's more content, both content and share gains. I can tell you, I am -- we are winning more share as others can't supply, and we're locking in that share gain in LTSAs to sustain the long term. So all of that is what is giving us the confidence in our ramp. And look, we still are oversubscribed as far as demand is concerned, which puts us in a very good buffer as far as whatever demand does and the macro does. We feel very strongly about the position in our automotive. And of course, other segments from ASG is the LED driver, ultrasonic sensing. All of these are macro trends that are happening in automotive driving our content in that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely from Citi.
Christopher Danely : Last quarter, you gave us an update on the shortage situation and lead times. I think you talked about lead times being 45 weeks, where they're normally 15. How have the shortage situation and lead times changed over the last three months?
Thad Trent : Yes. So the lead times are relatively bottom and think they are down a couple of weeks on average. But when you're out at 45 weeks, that really isn't material. So I would say things have been very consistent throughout the quarter in terms of the lead times as well as just the shortages and the number of escalations that we've seen.
Christopher Danely : Sure. And then any comment on the Q2 outlook? It's been sort of flat, slightly up, slightly down over the last several years. How's Q2 looking? Can we expect this to spread into Q2?
Thad Trent : So Chris, we'll talk about Q2 in 90 days. It's too early to make that call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari : Hassane, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about your philosophy around LTSAs with the macro softening. I guess one of the common questions we get from investors is how does the company? How do you guys manage any requests around pushouts and things of that sort? I think in the past, you've talked about not being flexible on the pricing side because that's a committed contract, if you will. But how are you managing the volume side of things as it relates to LTSAs?
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. Look, obviously, our philosophy has not changed. The pricing is firm. The backdrop is the LTSAs are legally binding. We will engage with customers for the right reasons. Obviously, it's not in anybody's benefit to have inventory on their shelf or even inventory in the channel. So we've been managing the inventory in the channel. You've seen that consistently in our performance. So that philosophy is holding, and we will maintain that. Engagement with customers, it's not about price, but we will have a win-win situation with the customer, and that remains our philosophy.
Toshiya Hari : Got it. And then as a quick follow-up for Thad. I guess what kind of utilization rates are you assuming for the current quarter? That's a quick clarification. Then my question is in terms of long-term gross margins, at the '21 Analyst Day, I think you gave a range of 48% to 50%. It sounds like your strategy -- the execution to your strategy has been really good in terms of your portfolio, your manufacturing footprint, et cetera. Is 48% to 50% still the right range? Or do you feel like there could be upside given the $160 million benefit you spoke to in your prepared remarks?
Thad Trent : Yes. So on the utilization rates, we expect that we'll be kind of in this range, maybe it's flat to down slightly in Q1. I think just given kind of the macro softness we're seeing here in the first half of the year, it's probably going to be -- remain in that range. And we'll see how the second half shapes up later. And what's the second part of the question? What was it? Can you repeat the second part?
Toshiya Hari : Yes, long-term gross margins, you gave a 48% to 50% range. I don't expect you to give us a preview on the May Analyst Day, but how are you thinking about the puts and takes? And I think you gave a number in terms of the benefit from transitioning manufacturing from your divested fabs. Any potential upside to that 48% to 50% long term?
Thad Trent : Yes. Look, we remain confident in that 48% to 50%. I said that in my prepared remarks. We've also said that target is a milestone, not a destination, right? We're confident in our business. We have a lot of tailwinds after we get through '23. So stay tuned on that, but we remain committed to the 48% to 50%. And believe that is a milestone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar : First of all, some great color on Tesla, Volkswagen, JLR, particularly the traction inverter win at Volkswagen. I think that's huge. I had a question on gross margins. You're basically guiding gross margin 400 basis points, but you are saying that the headwind from silicon carbide is between 100 and 200. Should we assume that it's closer to 200 at the beginning of the year? And could you give us some color on how that number will trend? Do you expect it to be gone by the end of this year? Will it continue into next year? And then any color on Fishkill that 50 bps to 70 bps of headwind as well would be helpful.
Thad Trent : Yes. So let me start with the latter. The East Fishkill is 50 basis points to 70 basis points. You can think about that as being linear throughout the year and very consistent. That's where the foundry services that we'll be providing to GLOBALFOUNDRIES at kind of a low margin, low single-digit type margin. In terms of the silicon carbide, as I said earlier, we're really happy with the execution there. We're in that range of 100 basis points to 200 basis points. We think that starts to peak kind of in midyear. We think that based on what we can see now with the $1 billion run rate or the $1 billion number that we're going to hit in '23, we think we'll exit the year with that headwind behind us. So that's why I've said that 2023 is really a transition year for us.
Harsh Kumar : Okay. So it will be gone by the end of '23? And just curious about the softness in March. Have you seen any kind of noise cancellations in core industrial just outside of the consumer industrial? And a couple of the other companies have talked about cancellations in the auto business. I was curious if you've seen anything kind of strange over here in your auto business with increasing cancellations?
Hassane El-Khoury : No, no. This is Hassane. We haven't seen any of that in automotive. Like I said earlier, we still remain oversubscribed in auto. So it's not really a demand for us, it's more of a supply. So as we get more supply, we're going to be able to cover more of the demand. But cancellations have not been an issue in automotive. Obviously, we've seen cancellations. If I look at a trend, actually Q4 was slightly down as far as cancellations on the non-auto. So I think it's too soon to call it a trend. But it looks like it's getting better. But like I said, with our LTSAs, we're able to engage with customers for a win-win. So we don't see that impact beyond what we guided.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Caso from Credit Suisse.
Christopher Caso : Just a follow-up question on some of the industrial weakness that you saw. And recognize for you, the industrial market is very broad. And it sounds like you've seen some different trends there. Perhaps you could just give some more color on what you're seeing and how that looks like it's trending into midyear?
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. Look, I think even last quarter, when we talked about the third quarter even, we talked about how some of the industrial markets that are closer to the consumer, like power tools and so on, those remain soft. We've seen softness in the broader market. Again, we believe this is more consumer and macro-driven, where we have been investing in industrial and alternative energy, that has actually been up, as I said, 75%, even ahead of our 60% growth target that we had. So that exceeded our expectation. That gives you the strength of the market that will continue through '23. And then pockets in the medical business that we focus on have seen a lot of growth, and we see that continuing in '23, obviously, offset by softness in other broader pockets of industrial. So no real change in the performance of that business or the outlook as we get into '23.
Christopher Caso : Just a follow-up on pricing. And I think you've been clear on a number of aspects of pricing. It sounds, like principally in auto, this is covered by the LTSAs in some of the noncore segments where pricing is declining, that's where you're exiting. But what about industrial, which I imagine probably more NCNR orders? Are you seeing any changes as the NCNRs tail off and you're signing new orders for these customers? Or is that pricing remaining resilient as well?
Hassane El-Khoury : No, the pricing is holding up because -- just to clarify one thing. Our industrial business, where I highlighted the growth and where we have been focusing and where we want to keep investing, those are -- those remain under LTSA. So the LTSAs are not only for automotive, but they are for growth areas where we have been putting investments and we want that return on the investments to be solid. So that carved out a big portion of the growth in industrial and puts it on high confidence. Obviously, the NCNR, we are getting the renewed backlog in these, and the backlog comes in at the same rate as far as pricing is concerned. So we don't see any softness there as far as pricing, even on the NCNR.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Ramsey from Cowen.
Matthew Ramsay : For my first question, I wanted to follow up on the last topic there that Chris brought up that you guys now have $16.5 billion something like that in LTSAs, only maybe 1/4 of that is from the silicon carbide business that gets a lot of attention. I wonder guys if you might spend a little bit more time on the rest of the business, LTSAs, where they're concentrated? I took note of the increase of $2.5 billion that you just announced from where the number was that you reported previously. So just where are you? Maybe a little bit more detail on the last answer of where you're seeing the strength in the market in order for a customer to be willing to sign up for those long-term agreements and other segments outside of silicon carbide?
Hassane El-Khoury : Sure. This is Hassane. So look, the LTSAs are broad in nature. I highlighted some examples where we have hundreds of parts for LTSA, and that goes back to the strength of our portfolio and the breadth of our portfolio as we target applications like electric vehicle electrification or autonomous driving or even parts of the industrial where we provide, for example, the sensing part of it as well as the motor control in the areas of factory automation, as an example. So all of these is really the strength of our portfolio. If I look at it, majority is automotive just because, obviously, it ties to the total market. Total market in automotive is larger. Therefore, our LTSAs are larger. And like you said, 1/4 of it is silicon carbide. So the rest is really the broad portfolio that we have. Image sensing, for example, remains a constrained technology. And given that is a very key enabler for autonomous driving in the future of mobility, that has customers really locking in supply in order to ensure that they have what they need as they start converting their vehicles to more ADAS or Level 2+ with more content. That's the breadth that I can talk about across all applications that we target.
Thad Trent : Yes. And let me just add that the $4.5 billion of silicon carbide LTSA is through '25. So it's actually a much larger number that's included in the in $16.6 billion of total LTSAs. But as Hassane said, it's broad. The place that we are not doing LTSA, obviously, is the noncore business that we're trying to exit. So we are intentionally trying to get out of that business.
Matthew Ramsay : Got it. That was helpful. As my follow-up, I wanted to ask on silicon carbide on a little bit of a different angle. There's acute focus for obvious reasons on materials and yields and whatnot. But Hassane, I wanted to know if you could talk a little bit about the work that the company is doing and potentially the differentiation of your products in areas like using depreciated fabs to do silicon carbide rather than building new facilities or packaging, heat dissipation, size of modules, everything downstream from the raw materials and just how your company is positioned there? I see lots of conversation around the materials and not as much around the rest of the supply chain.
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. Look, that's a great question. So we've been obviously investing in brownfield. We've been very upfront about it. Given our manufacturing footprint and the optimization that we've been undergoing in the last couple of years, we're very well positioned to grow in there as we want. So let me give you some color. We have a large-scale manufacturing site in South Korea in Bucheon. That is an existing highly capable, high output power fab that today manufactures IGBT. What we've been able to do over the last few years is transfer that IGBT technology to East Fishkill converted to 12-inch. So there's benefit from that by itself, and then use an existing power fab with slightly fewer GAAP tools in order for us to run silicon carbide and start running silicon carbide in that fab. So that's what allowed us to ramp so quickly and with the CapEx efficiency that you've seen from us. That, for example, is on the front end. The same thing with the back-end. We have a very robust back-end footprint that is already leading in power and packaging for power semiconductors and modules. We've been able to retool those back-end factories in order to support our world-class modules that I mentioned in my prepared remarks for silicon carbide. So that's on the front-end and the back-end. Now right after the material that we've been talking about, there is, of course, capabilities of wafering and epi, and that's where we do it in the Czech Republic. We've been able to increase that capacity to match the output from our Hudson facility for substrates and to match the capabilities that our fab has been able to ramp to. So all of these three sites are what is increasing proportionately in order to support our not only the $1 billion, but you can imagine, we're investing in the '24 ramp and the '25 ramp based on those LTSAs. Those are coming in on track. Those are coming in on time. Obviously, equipment has been a challenge over the last few years, but we've been able to stay ahead of it given that we're utilizing our existing manufacturing footprint. So I'm very proud with what the team has done because it's not an easy task, but they have been able to do it, and that's obviously a testament of the capabilities of the team to run such a complex manufacturing. And we'll continue to invest in brownfield in order to support our long-term strategy.
Operator: And our next question will come from Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh : Hassane, great guide here, given all the concerns. On the inventory side, just a quick question. Your inventories were up only 3% sequentially, which is probably the lowest among all the analog guys. Just wondering if you can give us some color on how inventories look in the channel and at the OEM level?
Thad Trent : Yes. Look, we're -- if you look at our inventory on our balance sheet, in terms of days that went up, as I mentioned, there are 26 days of bridge inventory for the fab transition in the silicon carbide ramp. If you look at that quarter-over-quarter, our base inventory, not the strategic portion of what the transition, the bridge is actually down. So you can see, we've talked about reducing wafer starts from earlier in the year, starting in Q2, and you can see that coming through our inventory. So this is just that our tight management of inventory. At the same time, in the channel, we've been managing it very tight as well. So we took inventory in the channel down by $10 million sequentially. It's at 7.3 weeks. We plan on running that really tight as well. We've been in that range for quite a while here, and we continue to go through the softness we'll manage both internal inventory and channel inventory very tight and just be cautious in terms of what we're seeing out there.
Vijay Rakesh : Got it. And then on the silicon -- sorry, go ahead.
Thad Trent : No, that was it. Go ahead, Vijay.
Vijay Rakesh : Yes. I know the silicon carbide side, just wondering what is -- if you can give us some color on what's driving the wins? Obviously, you compete with a lot of well-established suppliers on the silicon carbide side. What's driving the events and how defensible is it?
Hassane El-Khoury : Well, we're an established supplier too for silicon carbide. So that puts us in that bucket. But look, I remain consistent in why we're winning. A lot of people focus on technology as, call it, the silicon carbide wafer technology or something before that like substrates. I always couple the competitive advantage we have on technology as encompasses the wafer technology, but also the packaging technology. Any power semiconductor for us to be competitive and really win in the market, you have to have both. The best power silicon or silicon carbide die, if you can't get the heat off of it in a very light and efficient manner, then it's not going to work in the whole system. So we're able to do the best, highest power highest density power in a very light and cost-effective package using our road map and our innovation. Customers have validated that and customers have signed up for us. So the combination of the power, call it, semiconductor or silicon carbide plus the packaging co-developed is what puts us in the lead and customers are obviously seeing that benefit and signing up with us for those long-term agreements. So you have to have both, and we have the best of both.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore : Thanks you for all the clarity on the silicon carbide customers. I guess when you look at some of those that have also been announced by competitors or associated with competitors. How is that business being split? Is it one vendor? Does the onboard charger, another uses traction inverter? Are there cases where people are multi-sourcing within those individual components?
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. Look, I mean, in all fairness, let me just give you a little bit of a time-based questions. A lot of the ramps that are happening today are ramps that have been on, call it, three, maybe four years ago. Before onsemi was, call it, a credible and a focused player in silicon carbide, we talked about our strategy of doubling down on silicon carbide in 2021. So my focus and our strategy and a lot of the wins that we have are forward-looking. Obviously, they already started. They are ramping our -- for -- against that $1 billion we have in '23, but forward- looking. So how it's split, like I said, most of the platforms are single sourced. So I can tell you because the packaging is not like it's swappable. So most of them are single source. There are a few cases where we may share a platform, but majority of them are single sourced. And those will be ramping. Think about what we're winning now is in the '25, '26 and beyond. What we are ramping now has already been won a few years ago. So that gives you a little bit on the timing of what others have been disclosing, which is not a surprise to me, by the way.
Joseph Moore : Great. And then in terms of the forward-looking outlook, you guys talked about maybe exiting a higher amount of business than you have the last couple of quarters of $75 million. So how much of the cautious guidance is sort of the factors that you've talked about in the nonautomotive markets versus the ability to maybe at a less tight supply environment to exit some of those businesses more quickly?
Thad Trent : Well, it's really a combination of both, right? In Q4, we exited $17 million. It was below our expectations than what we thought we would exit. In Q1, we're looking at $75 million. So I think it's a combination of that. We're definitely seeing slowness in the other noncore markets, right? Consumer and compute has been down. It continues to be down. As I said, our automotive, we expect to be up sequentially in Q1. And we think industrial has got some headwinds as well. But so -- I would look at it as a cautious guide, but it's kind of taken into account the exits as well as just the overall softness that we're seeing right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rajvindra Gill from Needham & Company.
Rajvindra Gill : Congrats on the silicon carbide ramp. Just a follow-up on the long-term supply agreements. I was wondering if you could maybe talk about any changes that you're seeing within those agreements? I know a couple of quarters ago, you talked about certain customers requesting more volume near term, some customers extending the agreements, some customers requesting higher volumes. So any kind of positive specific changes within those LTSAs that you would like to call out or noticeable?
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. Look, it's been the same. When we -- we've done a lot of amendments -- what we call amendment where customers came in and wanting more volume, and obviously, in the areas where we have been able to release volume because of the decline in the other markets and our ability to convert. We have been able to sign up for more volume for the customer, still, unfortunately, less than what their demand natural demand would be. But we have been able to increase that. So customers always engage with us on kind of almost what about now? What about now? Are we able to get that? Some of the technology or medium voltage bets remain constrained. Our IGBT remain constrained. Silicon carbide, obviously, we maintain our constraint. Image sensor, constraints. So we do have technologies across the company that remain constrained. So any opportunity we have where we were able to gain efficiency in our manufacturing footprint or convert from nonstrategic or non-core to core technology in our fab. We actually will either proactively, go and talk to our customers that we know we're not supporting 100% or they come to us with some mix. Some of it is, again, our sockets that we want to get to 100%. And lately, it's been where others cannot support and customers have come to us and those were -- have been share gains. So we're able to solidify those in an LTSA to sustain five to sometimes seven years length. So it's still -- the environment is positive as far as the LTSAs because it's more on a long term. It's not anything about what we can do in '23.
Rajvindra Gill : Appreciate that color. Just one follow-up in terms of the overall pricing environment. I know as part of your strategy, you talked about reducing the price to value discrepancy you after obviously have prices kind of locked in regarding the LTSAs. How do you think about the pricing environment, overall blended pricing this year as you see the benefits of those strategies, but then kind of offset by maybe the nonstrategic? So just kind of maybe talk -- walk me through the puts and takes on the pricing environment this year.
Hassane El-Khoury : Look, I think we expect the pricing environment to be stable this year. Our approach to pricing has been strategic where you mentioned, we're looking at price to value discrepancy we've done a lot of that. So that's all behind us. Right now, it's really focusing on supporting our customers with supply. So we don't see any, call it, pricing that we do. Obviously, we're always sensitive to costs, and we keep an eye up on cost. So if we do get cost increases that are not part of already our LTSA or cost increases that are new that we haven't gotten yet from some of the vendors, we are -- of course, we'll pass those on. But as far as the pricing environment, net of that, we do see it as stable.
Operator: This does conclude the question-and-answer session for today's conference. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury : Thank you again for joining our call, and thank you for the thousands of onsemi employees who have had a direct impact on our exceptional results. As we enter this new year, amid a dynamic macro environment, I'm confident that we will maintain our momentum and navigate this market better than we ever have as a company. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conclude call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the onsemi Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, and thank you for joining onsemi's third quarter 2022 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2022 third quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately 1 hour following this conference call, and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the investor inspection of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. In consideration of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures under GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we'll make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in most recent 10-K and Form 10-Qs, in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings for the -- earnings release for the third quarter of 2022. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other events that may occur except as required by law. Now let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call. We have closed our sixth consecutive quarter of record financial results with revenue of $2.2 billion and a non-GAAP EPS of $1.45 in the third quarter. Onsemi is now a very different company. Our strategy has proven successful and our employees are the one to thank for their commitment and dedication to excellence through these changes. Congratulations to our worldwide teams. I am proud of your steadfast and consistent execution, and I'm confident we will continue to deliver on our long-term growth plans. Now let me address the current demand environment. In the third quarter, we saw continued strong demand in the automotive and industrial end markets, with revenue increasing sequentially 11%, 5%, respectively. As we noted last quarter, we saw softening in our nonstrategic end markets of consumer and computing with both markets declining mid-single digits sequentially. We expect the weakness in these markets to persist and extend to some legacy areas of industrial, while demand and design activity remain robust for EV, ADAS and energy infrastructure. Today, more than 30% of our revenue is generated from the sales of new products at accretive margins and the third quarter new product revenue was a record for the company. Over the last 18 months, we have taken a concerted approach to improve the predictability and reduce the volatility of our business. We have transformed the company into one with a sustainable long-term growth outlook and attractive financial profile and a resilient operating model, and we made proactive structural changes to prepare us for eventual headwinds. We rationalized our product portfolio and exited $277 million of business to eliminate our exposure to price-sensitive, non-differentiated products at dilutive gross margins. We addressed price-to-value discrepancies and instilled a discipline in the company to capture the right value of our products. We executed our fab-lighter strategy with planned exits of four fabs to reduce our fixed costs. We secured long-term supply agreements that provide committed and transparent supply assurance against long-term customer demand. We decreased wafer starts by 20% from the peak in Q1 to limit the inventory build with distribution now at an all-time low under seven weeks. We drove efficiencies and streamlined operations to control OpEx below our 17% target. These changes set onsemi apart from the legacy semiconductor and we are now well equipped to navigate through the coming quarters. And while we are planning for short-term uncertainty, long-term demand for our highly differentiated intelligent power and sensing solutions continue to grow with Q3 design wins increasing 19% quarter-over-quarter. Our intelligent power revenues grew by 35% year-over-year and 6% quarter-over-quarter, driven by the accelerating momentum in electric vehicles and alternative energy. In these markets, customers are increasingly relying on us to enable their long-term product road maps with the market-leading efficiency of our solutions and our end-to-end supply chain capabilities. Our progress to our silicon carbide leadership is accelerating. As compared to our exit rate in Q4 of '21, we tripled our silicon carbide revenue in the third quarter and we continue to install capacity across the entire supply chain. We just passed the one-year mark since acquiring GTAT, and we remain on track to expand our Boule growth capacity by 5x year-over-year exiting 2022. We have also increased silicon carbide wafer fab starts by 3x this year to keep up with our Boule output, a number which we plan to double again next year. We remain on track to triple our SiC revenue in 2022 and deliver $1 billion of revenue in '23 based on committed revenue from LTSAs. To limit our long-term CapEx investments, most of the silicon carbide equipment we are installing around the world is 200-millimeter capable, and we are on track for 200-millimeter wafer qualification in 2024 and related revenue ramp in '25. Our energy infrastructure revenue is accelerating with a year-over-year increase of 70% in the third quarter. For '22, we expect our energy infrastructure revenue to grow by 60%, exceeding our target of 50% year-over-year growth. The volatility in global energy markets is driving an accelerated transition to alternative energy. And with a broad portfolio of silicon carbide and silicon power modules, we have emerged as a leader in this market. The top 10 solar inverter providers in the world collectively have a market share of 80%, and we have now signed LTSAs with 8 of them. As countries around the world strive for energy security and lower greenhouse gas emissions associated with fossil fuels, we can expect to see strong long-term growth in our alternative energy business. Traction for our silicon carbide solutions is complemented by continued growth in our silicon power business. A key differentiating advantage for onsemi is our ability to offer silicon and silicon carbide solutions across a wide range of power and voltage requirements. Many EV customers use our silicon carbide solution for rear axle and a silicon solution for the front axle. Similarly, solar inverter customers choose our silicon carbide or silicon solutions based on power and efficiency requirements. Customers who use a combination of power solutions value our ability to offer a complete range of products, which enables us to gain market share across both technologies. In the third quarter alone, our IGBT and MOSFET businesses grew 37% year-over-year, driven by high-growth mega trends in automotive and industrial. Our intelligent sensing revenue increased 43% year-over-year and 11% quarter-over-quarter. The growth was driven by additional semiconductor content required in automotive and industrial applications as well as an increase in units shipped. The number of sensors per car will continue to grow and the level of sophistication delivered by the latest generation systems is also driving ASPs higher. Safety rating requirements for new vehicles continue to increase, such as a broader field of view and higher-resolution sensors, accelerating the shift from 1 megapixel image sensors to 8 megapixel sensors for ADAS applications. Onsemi was the first to market with 8 megapixel automotive-grade sensors that provide both high detection range and a wide field of view, delivering consistent performance across all temperature and lighting conditions. Based on this industry-leading dynamic range, dark noise performance and LED flicker mitigation feature of our sensor, we are winning new designs. And in the third quarter, we displaced the large incumbent at local Japanese automotive OEMs. We expanded the internal back-end capacity to ensure we support the growth of our business and enhance our margins. Demand has been outpacing our ability to supply, but our early investments in capacity expansions allowed us to deliver 38% more automotive sensors in Q3 than in the quarter a year ago. In addition to our technology advantage, we are the only image sensor supplier with internal and external capabilities across every manufacturing stage of the supply chain for automotive and industrial sensors. We are a much stronger company today because of our commitment to our transformation and the structural changes we have implemented over the last 18 months. We have executed our strategy in one of the most challenging environments we have ever seen, not only for our industry but for the world, and we've set ourselves up for the leadership position in our target markets. Driven by exposure to secular mega trends of vehicle electrification ADAS, energy infrastructure and factory automation, we are well positioned to continue to outgrow the semiconductor market. Now I will turn the call over to Thad to provide additional details on our financials and guidance. Thad?
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. Our third quarter results clearly demonstrate the success of our transformation strategy with record revenue, operating income and free cash flow. The tests we have taken to strengthen our operating model will not only enable us to get through short-term market volatility, but also propel us to scale in the long term. . Defining our primary areas of focus has enabled us to double down on intelligent power and sensing technologies and lead where we bring differentiation to the automotive and industrial markets. Our customers now choose onsemi as a strategic partner to enable their success in emerging in disruptive areas such as electric vehicles, ADAS, energy infrastructure and factory automation. Customers are entering new agreements with us, while others are expanding the scope and duration of their existing LTSAs to secure even longer supply. Revenue committed through our LTSAs increased $5.3 billion in the third quarter and now totals $14.1 billion with LTS revenue over multiple years and often includes hundreds of parts. As Hassane mentioned, we also made additional structural changes to improve the sustainability of margins by rationalizing our product portfolio and eliminating our exposure to price-sensitive non-differentiated products. So far, we have walked away from $277 million of revenue at an average gross margin of 25%. $39 million of this revenue was in the third quarter at gross margin of 35%. We continue to execute our fab-lighter strategy through the rationalization of our manufacturing footprint. Following the sale of Belgium and South Portland fabs in the first half of the year, we closed the sale of our 8-inch fab in Pocatello, Idaho in October, and we also entered into a definitive agreement to sell our 6-inch fab in Niigata, Japan. We expect the Niigata transaction to close in the fourth quarter. Exiting these four fabs will reduce our annual fixed cost by $160 million, exceeding our target of $125 million to $150 million. The full benefit of these divestitures will be realized over the next several years as we transition production to other fabs in our network further supporting our long-term gross margin expansion plans. Turning to results for the third quarter. As I mentioned, Q3 was another quarter of record results. Total revenue was $2.2 billion, an increase of 26% over the third quarter of 2021 and 5% quarter-over-quarter. We reported record revenue for our strategic end markets of automotive and industrial, which together accounted for 68% of revenue as compared to 61% in the quarter a year ago. Weakness persisted in our nonstrategic end markets of computing and consumer, offset by sequential growth in automotive and industrial of 11% and 5%, respectively. Revenue from both intelligent power and intelligent sensing is also at record levels. Intelligent power grew 35% year-over-year and intelligent sensing grew by 43% year-over-year. Additionally, all three business units reported record revenue in the third quarter. Revenue for the Power Solutions Group, or PSG, was $1.12 billion, an increase of 25% year-over-year. Revenue for the Advanced Solutions Group, or ASG, was $734 million, an increase of 20% year-over-year. And revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group, or ISG, was $342 million, an increase of 45% year-over-year. Gross margin -- GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was 48.3% and non-GAAP gross margin was 49.3%. Our non-GAAP gross margin declined as expected by 40 basis points quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to an accelerating ramp in silicon carbide and lower factory utilization at 75% as we proactively slowed wafer starts by 20% from the beginning of the year. As indicated in previous conference calls, we expect silicon carbide start-up costs to be 100 to 200 basis points dilutive to gross margins during the initial revenue ramp. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 19.4% and non-GAAP operating margin was a record of 35.4% and an increase of 90 basis points quarter-over-quarter and approximately 1,100 basis points year-over-year. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the third quarter was $0.70, flat as compared to the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was at a record high of $1.45 as compared to $0.87 in the third quarter of 2021. Now let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $634 million as compared to $322 million in the third quarter of 2021. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $304 million as compared to $296 million in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating expenses were below our guidance due to a pushout of certain programs into the fourth quarter, delayed hirings and proactive management of discretionary spending across the company. For the third quarter, our non-GAAP tax rate was 15.8%, and we expect to remain in the 15.5% to 16.5% range. Our GAAP diluted share count was 449 million shares, and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 441 million shares. We repurchased 1.2 million shares for $80.1 million in the third quarter. Please note that we have an updated reference table on the Investor Relations section of our website to assist you calculating our diluted share count and various share prices. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents was $2.45 billion, and we had $1.5 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $1 billion, and free cash flow was $731 million at a record level of 21% of revenue on an LTM basis. Capital expenditures during the third quarter were $271 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 12.4%. As we indicated previously, we are directing a significant portion of our capital expenditures towards silicon carbide and enabling our 300-millimeter capability at the East Fishkill fab. Accounts receivable of $857 million declined by $281 million and DSO of 36 days declined by 14 days quarter-over-quarter. Days of inventory declined by 7 days to 129 days from 136 in Q2. This includes approximately 23 days rich inventory to support transitions in the intending silicon carbide ramp. Distribution weeks of inventory declined to 6.9 weeks, down from 7.0 in Q2 as we proactively manage inventory at historically low levels for our distribution partners. And total debt was $3.2 billion. Turning to the guidance for the fourth quarter. A table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is provided in the press release related to our third quarter results. Let me now provide you elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the fourth quarter. We continue to see strong demand from our automotive end markets, driven by electrification and ADAS. We are beginning to see softening in certain industrial applications, and we expect increased weakness in our nonstrategic end markets that we plan to exit as we continue our portfolio rationalization. Given the macro uncertainty, we are taking a cautious stance in our guidance for the fourth quarter. As such, we anticipate revenue will be in the range of $2.01 billion to $2.14 billion. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be between 47% and 49% due to lower factory utilization and the dilutive impact of ramping silicon carbide. This also includes share-based compensation of $3 million. Due to the delayed hiring and project spending in the third quarter, we expect non-GAAP operating expenses to increase to $305 million to $320 million, including share-based compensation of $21 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP OIE will be $22 million to $26 million. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 15.5% to 16.5% and our non-GAAP diluted share account for the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately 441 million shares. This results in non-GAAP per share to be in the range of $1.18 to $1.34. We expect capital expenditures of $300 million to $330 million in the fourth quarter as we continue to ramp our silicon carbide production and invest in 300-millimeter capability to support our long-term growth we expect our capital intensity to be in the mid- to high-teen percentage range. In summary, our transformation strategy is made onsemi a more resilient and sustainable company. We have recently been named to Investor Business Daily’s 100 Best ESG Companies for 2022 as we drive to net zero by 2040. We are well positioned to invest in our and deliver long-term financial performance for our shareholders while extending our competitive lead. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Liz to open up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore : I guess the first one Hassane is on the revenue side and the demand side of the equation. You mentioned uncertainties and then you talked about auto staying strong, but weakness in other places. Can you just talk a little bit about the linearity of demand and maybe dive a little bit deeper into what you're seeing in the industrial market? I think people understand your other segments have been weekend markets and aren't strategically a focus for you, but the industrial side is. So a little bit of color on those metrics would be helpful.
Hassane El-Khoury : Sure, Ross. So at a high level, automotive, we see the strength -- we see the strength in orders and is supported all by the LTSA that we -- Thad and I have been talking about, including the renewed LTSAs and the extended LTSAs that cover the demand outlook that we have, and that's why we're building capacity for. You've seen the strength in our business even this quarter as we ramp the electrification as we ramp ADAS. Those are the megatrends that are driving our automotive demand. We don't see that changing in the outlook we have. On the industrial side, you see factory automation. You see renewable energy, that strength what we made including our medical business, where we see a little bit of softness in the industrial is really in the segments that are closer to the consumer. I think like white goods or so. We see that. Obviously, it's a macro-driven softness. We're watching it, but that's kind of the pockets that we see softness in the industrial.
Ross Seymore : Anything in the linearity side of the equation, just the back half of that question?
Hassane El-Khoury : It's up into to the right.
Ross Seymore : And I guess as my follow-up, one for Thad, on the gross margin side of things. It's good that you guys are still sticking with the 1 to 2 percentage point headwind from the silicon carbide ramp, but we've heard a number of your competitors talk about the difficulty in that ramp. So can you give us a little bit more color on what gives you the confidence in maintaining that hit as you're ramping so significantly? And if the revenue side of the equation and the demand side is up as high as it is, doesn't the CapEx have to rise accordingly? If you're going to do over $1 billion in revenues, how is your capital intensity staying roughly the same, shouldn't those two lines move in sync?
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. Look, I'll cover the first part of that as far as the difficulty and let Thad talk about the CapEx. Look, yes, this is hard stuff. So I sympathize with our competitors because it's not easy stuff to do. We've been facing standard ramping challenges, but we're able to leverage our scale worldwide and the worldwide manufacturing scale that we had and the experience to address these issues as they come up. We have an excellent and very experienced operations team and that's what they do every day. We have mature processes. We have a very strong scale of manufacturing playbook. So any excursion, if they do happen, we're able to tackle it quickly, we're able to resolve it quickly, and that impact is always minimal. That's why you've seen us always focusing on the ramp and more importantly, our confidence in our ramp against the difficulties of what that silicon carbide ramp will bring in. So our targets that we've been giving and our targets that we've been talking specifically on the revenue ramp are all within our capabilities, and we do believe -- strongly believe the risks are very manageable for us.
Thad Trent : Yes. Ross, on the capital intensity, as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect our capital intensity to go up to the mid- to high single -- mid- to high teens over the next several quarters. Clearly, we're having to place orders for equipment further out to support this revenue ramp, but we do expect our capital intensity to go up. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi.
Christopher Danely : So as part of this weakness, have your pricing expectations changed for 2023? And then do you expect the weakness to bleed over into the automotive end market as well?
Hassane El-Khoury : This is Hassane. No, we don't see any movement on pricing. Obviously, we've been talking about the LTSAs that we have in our strategic products are based on the value of the products. And that does not change based on the outlook and the demand and the LTSAs provide that certainty of both volume and pricing, as we've said in the past.  So I don't expect that to be any place in the equation, not even in automotive and industrial. Obviously, where the pricing would be potentially volatile is in the businesses that are not core that we plan to exit, and that has always been part of our exit strategy that would actually be favorable to margin. So we're not worried about the pricing environment at this point.
Thad Trent : And Chris, the one thing I would add is as we see input costs going up, we are passing that on to our customers, and we'll continue to do that as well. So the pricing environment is very stable.
Christopher Danely : Great. And for my follow-up, have you seen or are you seeing any change in your lead times? And then are there any -- as part of that, are there any shortages existing for the products? Or are those all gone?
Hassane El-Khoury : Lead times is flat and is very consistent. As far as shortages, yes, we do have technologies that have our remaining in short supply versus the demand that we have. And we expect those technologies to remain supply constrained even through 2023. And those are the ones we're covered with LTSAs with our customers to make sure -- strategic customer to make sure we cover the whole BOM for our customers in order to sustain our ramps in new products next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya : Hassane, I just wanted to follow up on the question, Chris also asked, which is on just the supply-demand balance on the automotive side. There is a concern that automotive could be kind of this next show to drop in this rolling correction in semis. What are you hearing from your auto customers about? Are they building inventory right now? What is the supply-demand balance when you look at OEMs and Tier 1s, especially towards the first half of next year?
Hassane El-Khoury : Look, the visibility we have, there is no inventory. Are there small pockets because the golden screw problem? Yes. We work with our customers to make sure when we batch build something, we will give them a few weeks or two to three weeks ahead and then they drain it over the next few weeks. So those are -- those, I'm not worried about because we work with our customers directly.  If you look at the demand environment and where our growth and our demand is coming from, it's coming from EVs. No matter what report you look at or what customer you talk to an OEM, pure-play EV OEM or a broad OEM, there's one thing consistent. No matter what the SAAR does, they will build more EVs next year than they do this year. That's where our growth is coming from, both power and then more and more safety is getting into cars. That's where our sensing comes in. Between those two megatrends, our content is going to grow and remain growing even through '23, no matter what the SAAR does in this case, based on a lot of the prediction. So that's what gives us the confidence. Again, we have secured that outlook with LTSAs. So I'm not worried about that part of it. Is ICE engine going to have some softness because of rates going up or demand going down? Potentially. But again, the EV plants are the ones that we focus on the ones that our OEMs want to make sure they secure their EV penetration or they're going to lose share. So that's what we work on. But it is not because of any inventory. If anything, it's potentially just demand. But at this point, we don't see it for our business given our exposure to EV.
Vivek Arya : Got it. And for my follow-up, on gross margins. Thad, I think on the last call, you said you feel comfortable staying in this 48% to 50% range. So when I look at the Q4 outlook, you are at 48% already. How should we think about the puts and takes for -- from a calendar '23 perspective? Because you'll be taking on the East Fishkill fab, right, which you have outlined some headwinds from and then, of course, silicon carbide ramps. So there is some headwind and your utilization right now is 75%. So can you stay in this 48 -- plus kind of range for next year? Just what are kind of the puts and takes of gross margins for next year?
Thad Trent : Yes. Look, for '23 -- and by no means I'm trying to provide a guidance here, but for '23, you've got a couple of headwinds, as you mentioned, right, 100 basis points to 200 basis points for silicon carbide. You've got 40 basis points to 70 basis points for the East Fishkill foundry business that are -- that will be dilutive for next year. I think more than anything, this will be driven by the market dynamics in terms of what our margins will do. We're very comfortable in pricing for next year. I think it really comes down to utilization. In this environment, I think we're going to be very cautious. We're utilization and starts down already. As we go into next year, I think we're modeling it very conservatively. But we feel pretty comfortable sitting here based on what we can see today that there's a floor on our gross margins in the mid-40% range. That will be driven by the market more than anything.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with Cowen.
Joshua Buchalter : This is Josh Buchalter on behalf of Matt. Congrats on result. I wanted to ask about CapEx. It seems like at least next year or the next couple of quarters, it's going to be running materially higher than the initial 12% outlook. Were there any -- can you walk us through what's driving the increased spending and in particular, why the uptick now?
Thad Trent : Yes, the uptick is to support the LTSA revenue that we continue to lock-in. I referred to the increase that we had in Q3. But clearly, we're locking up more and more open carbide wins and the ramp will go out for the years and that requirs additional capital. And that's the reason that we're -- we continue to make investments.
Hassane El-Khoury : Then obviously, Thad mentioned the equipment lead time, we want to make sure we stay ahead of it. So that's forcing us to place order materially earlier than we typically would need to. We don't want to run the risk of not being able to support our ramp. So we're being very proactive given the environment and the lead time of equipment vendors.
Joshua Buchalter : I appreciate the color there. And then you sort of mentioned the issue at one of your competitors with the yields that we found out about last week. Since then, we've been getting a lot of questions on is there any read-through into your own internal substrate ambitions? Can you walk us through your thinking there? Is it sort of just a normal part of coming up the yield curve? Or was it from your view, some specific to design decisions that they made?
Hassane El-Khoury : Look, I can't comment on what decisions or what assumptions they made. I can only comment on our business and what we are doing. We've always given the same outlook for our business as far as the ramp, as far as the margin targets at scale and the headwinds from the ramp with the start-up cost that we include all of them in our reported results. . Those have not changed, and we've been very consistent over the last few quarters since we started disclosing them. And that should give you an idea that -- and really the confidence from our side that the numbers and the models we're giving are all well within our capabilities, inclusive of any challenges we may or may not have. We've had all those baked in. Because as I mentioned, we have a very strong process and a very strong playbook given our scale of manufacturing of power products over the last two decades with IGBTs. So our ability to scale power products and walk through all the yield and walk through all the production ramp challenges that we have, we're still at exactly where we were since we started disclosing those numbers. We're meeting both the top line and the margin. And at scale, those margins will be accretive. There's no change from our side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari : Thad, you mentioned that you guys exited from $39 million in revenue in Q3. Three months ago, you talked about, I think, $150 million in the second half of this year and an incremental $450 million in 2023. Is that still the plan? Or given the weakness in the consumer end markets, could some initiatives be accelerated?
Thad Trent : Yes. We've always said that the exit would be market driven. And the faster we could exit, the better off we'd be, we exited $35 million as you referred to. As we forward to Q4, we think we're going to exit somewhere between $65 million to $75 million in Q4. And for 2023, we still think we're on track and again this would be market dependent, but we think it will be in the neighborhood of 400 to 450 exits for next year as well. So we think we're on track for that. We think the softness in this market kind of supports this exit allows us to reallocate that capacity somewhere else that's more valuable to us. So those are the numbers that we have line of sight to right now.
Toshiya Hari : Great. And then as my follow-up, another one on gross margins. I'm curious what your plan from a wafer start or utilization rate perspective into Q4? You said 75% utilization rate in Q3. I'm guessing it continues to move south, but curious what the assumption is there? And in response to another question to a prior question you said, you expect the mid-40s to be a floor for gross margins. In making that statement, what kind of volume and pricing assumptions are you making for '23?
Thad Trent : Okay. So -- so look, when coming back, I'll start in reverse order here on the floor of what we think is the mid-40s in a downturn next year. Pricing remains very, very steady in terms of next year. We think the business is -- well, I'm not going to provide you guidance on that one, we'll let you guys figure out what that to be more market-driven. You guys will model it the way you model it. What was the first part of the question?
Toshiya Hari : Utilization rates in Q4, what the plans are? 
Thad Trent : Yes. Thanks for the reminder. So Q2, we were at 77%. We dropped to 75% here in Q3. As we look forward into Q4, again, we'd assume incremental softness here. So we think it's flat to down slightly in Q4 as our assumption.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rajvindra Gill with Needham.
Rajvindra Gill : Question on the guidance on the top line. Can you give us any kind of direction by the nonstrategic or strategic?
Thad Trent : Yes, Raji, let me break it out by end market. Auto, we think, is going to be up kind of low single digits. We think industrial is down kind of mid-single digits. And we think our other category, nonstrategic, is down kind of mid- to high single digits. That's the way that we think about the guidance there.
Rajvindra Gill : Got it. So on the industrial being down mid-single and kind of seeing a deceleration in kind of the year-over-year growth rate, quarter-by-quarter, the growth rate has been decelerating. And obviously, we've heard commentary about softness in industrial from some competitors. I'm just curious if you think this softness in white goods is just kind of relegated to that particular market. And that seems to be -- even if it is relegated to that small segment of the market, it's still a relatively decent percentage of your industrial if you're seeing kind of a mid-single decline quarter-over-quarter. So just wondering if that's the case? Or are there other kind of indications that you're seeing with respect to your customers? Outside of alternative energy, are you seeing slower industrial production in medical or other different segments?
Hassane El-Khoury : Now look, the industrial -- factory automation, alternative energy is going to be up. The white goods, I gave it as an example of what we call legacy industrial, meaning the industrial segment that is the closest to the consumer, and that is driven by consumer spending or even real estate. The industrial market is very broad, and we're starting to see the softness kind of in multiple of these legacy industrial areas. Our focus specifically is on factory automation and alternative energy. And that's what we've really been investing in, in driving new products through, and that remains strong and that remains growing. But obviously, automotive or industrial is a very broad market.
Rajvindra Gill : And just for my follow-up, I appreciate that Hassane. Just that on the OpEx, it's been kind of bold quarter-by-quarter based on kind of pushouts programs. So 12.5 for Q4. As you kind of go into 2023, wondering how you're thinking about the OpEx ramp? Is there going to be continued investment in R&D? I'm just curious if there -- you obviously are managing an OpEx system that's going to be conducive if the demand environment slows down, same thing where you're managing inventory. Just curious how you're thinking about the OpEx controls into calendar 2023?
Thad Trent : Yes. Look, we've already been managing discretionary spending very carefully. Some of the lumpiness, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks with the timing of some R&D projects. What you'll see us continue to do is reallocate some of the spending into R&D as we grow. As we think into next year, we've set our model at 17%. We've been running well below that, I think, kind of too low at this point. As I look into next year, I don't think we're going to get to 17%. I think we're probably going to be somewhere around 15.5%, maybe max out at 16% of the top end. That would be my thinking for next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Jeremy Kwan: Yes. This is Jeremy Kwan calling for Tore. I guess just two quick questions here. The first, regarding your long-term supply agreement, are there any upfront cash commitments or peak pace associated with this? I just want to get a sense of any kind of financial commitments that your customers have given.
Thad Trent : Can you repeat the first part of your question, you broke up a little bit?
Jeremy Kwan: Sorry about it, Thad. Yes, the long-term supply agreement, just wondering if there's any prepayments associated with these?
Thad Trent - CFO: Yes, absolutely. I mean our customers have been co-investing with us. We've been saying that for a while. That's -- that has to be prepayments, it can be on payments for capital. It could be co-investing in R&D, that's very typical.
Jeremy Kwan: Any chance you could quantify that for us?
Thad Trent : No. They vary by agreement and duration. So I wouldn't want to try and put a number on it.
Jeremy Kwan: Got it. Okay. And then just circling back to the pricing question. Are there -- is there anything that you might want to highlight in terms of maybe the timing of these price increases that you're passing along versus the price increase that you're seeing in the supply chain? And any way to quantify this as well?
Hassane El-Khoury : No, we're not giving quantitative because we're just passing whatever we get. So from the outlook and from our margin, you can think about it as being neutral. So as we get it, we pass it on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur : Your intelligent sensing group, primarily image sensor solutions, which is where you have quite a bit of the portfolio, which is outsourced as -- I remember it was capacity constrained back last year. This business has been outperforming this year. I think it's up like 41% for the first nine months. I assume you guys are getting better capacity allocation from your foundry partners. Is image sensor demand still tracking higher than supply and can you just give us an update on the in-sourcing initiatives?
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. Demand -- look, I'll give you the demand environment. Obviously, demand still outpaces supply based on a lot of the penetration that we see in ADAS for automotive, which is agnostic of EVs or ICE engines. So a very healthy demand environment and more importantly, very healthy position that we hold in that market. We also have a lot of new products that we've launched, both in automotive and industrial that are fit for purpose for these markets individually and that is driving some of our new product ramps as well. . On the supply side, we have been getting incrementally more supply over time. Every quarter, we get incrementally more as our road map with our foundry partners are. And internally, what we've been doing also is expanding some of our -- that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, increasing some of our capacity for back-end in order to get closer to the demand environment as we get more wafers from foundry partners. So both of these have enabled us to increase our units as well as our revenue because of the higher ASPs given the technology advancements that I talked to you about in my prepared remarks. We don't see that slowing down. We're going to keep increasing capacity, we're going to keep getting more wafers from foundry partners, and that's going to keep driving the growth in that business even through next year.
Harlan Sur : Great. Hassane, you also talked about this a little bit in your prepared remarks. Being a leader in power, you guys have a pretty broad portfolio of solutions, right? So in addition to the silicon carbide traction inverter for EV and onboard charging, like how successful has the team been in also pulling in, for example, the gate driver module, which uses your MOSFET portfolio, the front-wheel drive, IGBT traction inverters? This, I assume, is not included in the $4 billion pipeline, but it does sit alongside your silicon carbide solutions and represent sort of further content gain opportunity. So how successful has the team been in sort of attaching these other components, two-year silicon carbide pipeline?
Hassane El-Khoury : That's a good question. So the team has been very successful. What we -- what I refer to as cross-selling, it's something that our sales team drives with the business unit that I track as well. So just to give some more specifics, the $4 billion committed revenue we talked about for silicon carbide, that's purely on the silicon carbide. Thad talked about our LTSAs in general being north of the $14 billion and increasing more than $5 billion last quarter and including hundreds of parts. So you can think about that's the cross-selling at a customer where we want to make sure that everything on that BOM that the customer needs is secured in the LTSA. The worst thing you can have is have 99 parts, and you're missing the golden screw from us also, and we can ship to 99. So we have the full content on per BOM. And per new designs, we pull a lot of our other content that will support that system level sell. I've mentioned in the past, we do that even with image sensors where new and highly advanced image sensors also carry a PMIC with them. So it's not just power. Within power, we carry power even our intelligent sensing business as a cross-selling. So we do that as a matter of day to day. Our sales team is focused on it, and our business units are focused on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri : I wondered if you could quantify in Q4, the gross margin headwinds from the underutilization and then maybe help us think about does that get better in Q1 or worse?
Thad Trent : Well, look, the way we're thinking about the market right now is we think it remains soft. I think utilization kind of stays in this level, maybe even goes backwards slightly as we go into Q1. So I don't expect that to improve just based on what we're all seeing in the news. In terms of the quantification, we said silicon carbide is 100 basis points to 200 basis points dilutive there. And the utilization is a factor in addition to that.
Timothy Arcuri : Okay. And then, I guess, can you help quantify -- you just talked about the LTSAs, and it sounds like most of the increases you're kind of sweeping other content inside of the silicon carbide business given the importance of that. Can you just talk about how much of the $2.2 billion right now is moving inside of LTSAs? I guess the question really goes to -- there's just a lot of general skepticism typically around LTSAs. And maybe can you just talk broadly about any change in customer behavior inside of an LTSA versus revenue that moves outside of an LTSA?
Thad Trent : Yes. Look, as I said, customers are extending their LTSAs. They are coming back and increasing them as well. So I think that the aim here has been very consistent with our customers trying to lock up long-term supply. And just to clarify, our LTSA -- our committed revenue in LTSA over a multiyear period now is over $14 billion. It was up over $5 billion -- $5.3 billion in the third quarter. So you can see that this is customers locking in supply on silicon carbide, but beyond that as well across the entire portfolio. What we're not doing is we're not doing LTSAs on the business we're looking to exit, obviously, because -- we don't want to have a commitment there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra : Just a follow-up on this. So in industry-wide in analog outside of LTSAs, we know that another companies had implemented earlier this year, noncancelable orders to. So are those holding into next year or at least into the first half of next year in terms of how you're dealing with or outside of your LTSAs?
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. Look, it's not about just, it's also with the end customers. Obviously, LTSAs is a broader view, and it's a multiyear. As far as NCNR, it depends. We've had -- we have NCNRs that extend up to 12 months of backlog. But it always remains our cautious outlook even if you have an NCNR order, but there's inventory at the disty will you still ship it? You've seen us be very, very disciplined on inventory and trying to make sure we -- it doesn't balloon out of control. We've kept it around the seven weeks. We're comfortable with the visibility we have at that. We have the NCNR orders to support all of the demand that we have, but we are very cautious and disciplined about how much we ship and when we ship it because we have to ensure that it does POS at the end of the day during the quarter. So it doesn't get above our expectations as far as weeks of inventory with our partners.
Thad Trent : Yes. Tristan, I would add that of our $14.1 billion of LTSA, it does not include the NCNR orders. So when you combine the two, we have very good visibility into our backlog and what we're truly.
Tristan Gerra : Okay. That's great. And then for my follow-up, it looks like based on the specs provided on your website, your silicon carbide products already at 650 volts. I know there's some silicon carbide products from other suppliers out there going all the way to 1,200 volt. So could you talk about this in terms of specs? And what's your expectation? Because I'm assuming that increasing the voltage also increases your TAM within EVs.
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes, I don't know where you're referring to, but we have 1,200 volts already in production and supplying to customers. So I'm very comfortable with our road map and the breadth of our portfolio, both in silicon and silicon carbide, but our 1, 200 volts is already in production, and it has been.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh : Just a quick question. On the silicon carbide side, obviously, you're seeing pretty solid traction. Just wondering if you could give us an idea of what the dollar content you're getting per car in terms of the range, if you can as you go from a dual motor to quad motor, et cetera?
Hassane El-Khoury : Yes. Look, Vijay, I'll give you a couple of comments because it depends on how much power for the drivetrain or the inverter and so on. So it's a broad range. But just to give you an idea for an equivalent reference. For us on EVs, you can think about incremental content, it's about $700 for an EV versus ICE. Obviously, the majority of it is from the traction inverter, then you add onboard chargers and so on.  And then as far as the ASP, you can think about it as the silicon carbide ASP is about 3x that of an IGBT. So that gives you kind of an apples-to-apples as far as if you normalize it on a specific power output.
Vijay Rakesh : Got it. And then the second question is, as you look at your design win pipeline is growing very nicely. You talked about how you're displacing some legacy suppliers as well incumbents. Just wondering if you could kind of go through what are the top 3 things that are helping you drive the design wins, I think that would be very helpful? And if we had an updated backlog you can cover backlog number there as well?
Hassane El-Khoury : So from an overall, obviously, there are two things driving a lot of our design wins and the new product revenue and all of the forward-looking revenue confidence. One is always starts with technology. Our technology and a lot of our focus area and our strategic area is compelling, and it's very competitive against what's in the market today. Obviously, we've talked about silicon carbide and why we win, both on the technology and the packaging as far as module, getting more power in a smaller and smaller module, reducing costs and so on and improving efficiency. So that's on the silicon carbide. Image sensing, I'll give you a few examples. LED flicker mitigation is a great example of where our superior technology in a market need where a lot of the signs are LED and standard camera or a competitive camera cannot detect an LED sign. We have technologies that address that. Global shutter is what is needed for detection and/or factory automation. Every single strategic market we are going after, we have products that are tailored made with specific technology to address real problems that the customers have. That's what creates value. And that's what, number one, puts us in the lead for new designs and also puts us in the lead when there's a refresh and the design for us to capture share. But it always starts with technology and capability.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO, for closing remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury : Thank you all for joining us today. Our teams have yet again delivered outstanding results in the third quarter. I'm excited about our future as we have not yet reached our full potential and we have everything we need to lead in the fastest-growing markets, superior technology, committed customers and a talented workforce that will continue to expand to support our long-term growth. And as always, we remain consistent and committed to executing with the highest degree of excellence. We look forward to seeing you at various investor events during the quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the onsemi Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakerâs presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that todayâs conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, and thank you for joining onsemi's second quarter 2022 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2022 second quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information is posted on the Investor Relations of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and the GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding the future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Qs in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release for the second quarter of 2022. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other events that may occur except as applied by law. Now let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call. Nearly a year-ago to the date, we unveiled our strategy to deliver intelligent power and sensing technologies for the sustainable ecosystem, fueled by high-growth megatrends, automotive, industrial and cloud power. This meant that we would not only provide differentiated solutions for our customers but that we would execute on our commitments to our shareholders. Today, we announced another quarter of record revenue, gross margin and EPS, and I could not be prouder of the progress we have made. We achieved our first ever $2 billion revenue quarter with record revenue in the automotive and industrial end markets. As compared to last year's second quarter, our total revenue increased 25%. Our non-GAAP gross margin expanded by 1,130 basis points and our earnings per share more than doubled to $1.34 per share. In the face of challenging business conditions, our employees have maintained steadfast in their dedication to our customers, and I want to thank them all for their continued hard work and tenacity. Despite ongoing geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty, demand for products in our focus areas remain strong. Our automotive and industrial revenue now accounts for 66% of our overall business and combined grew 9% quarter-over-quarter and 38% year-over-year. This performance was driven by increasing adoption of our market-leading intelligent power and sensing solutions in the fastest-growing applications. We have seen a slowing demand in our noncore end markets, but demand from automotive and industrial continues to outpace supply. The volatility in energy markets and supply chain disruptions across the globe are driving an accelerated adoption of electric vehicles, alternative energy and industrial automation. Our market-leading portfolio, coupled with the differentiated performance of our products and end-to-end capabilities has distinguished on source for intelligent power and sensing solutions, and our customers are increasingly relying on us to enable their road map in a rapidly evolving market. While we are optimistic about our outlook, we remain sensitive to dynamic market conditions. The structural changes we implemented over the past 18 months to rationalize our product portfolio and optimize our cost structure, have reduced the volatility in our financials and we have positioned the company to be more resilient in all business environments. The nature of our customer engagements has evolved into strategic partnerships to support our customers' long-term technology roadmaps, advanced capacity planning and supply assurance. Customers continue to expand the scope of their LTSAs to include ON Semi's entire portfolio of intelligent power and sensing solutions, which accounted for 66% of our total revenue in the second quarter, up from 62% a year ago. We have signed LTSAs covering up to 200 parts across our entire portfolio and for existing LTSAs customers are still requesting additional near-term volumes and extending the duration of our agreements in some cases, through 2029. For their longer-term demand, they are co-investing with ON Semi capacity expansion to secure their supply, which in turn improves our demand planning. We continue to make progress in our transformation journey to structurally improve the gross margin of the company. We have redeployed capital to high-margin, high-growth areas such as silicon carbide and over the last 12 months, we have exited approximately $210 million in revenue and an average gross margin of 24%, of which $36 million occurred in the second quarter at an average gross margin of 34%. Despite, a deliberate loss of noncore revenue, we have been able to grow at an impressive pace and offset these losses with new product revenue, which increased 35% year-over-year at favorable gross margins. Our Intelligent Power revenue grew by 31% year-over-year and 10% quarter-over-quarter, driven by the market-leading efficiency of our solutions. The superior performance of our silicon carbide and IGBTs has enabled us to engage directly and sign LTSAs with leading automotive OEMs and EV disruptors across the globe. They rely on Semi's silicon carbide expertise and end-to-end capabilities to help them achieve their electrification goal.  Although internal combustion engine vehicle sales were nearly flat in 2021, EVs grew by 94% and are expected to grow at a CAGR of 22% to 45% of total light vehicle units in the next five years. Electric vehicles require up to $700 of incremental ON Semi content for drivetrain and onboard charging as compared to an internal combustion engine car. As the transition continues to accelerate from ICE vehicles to electric, we expect to see steep growth in our Intelligent Power revenue for automotive. Our progress toward silicon carbide leadership is one that I'm especially proud of. We are seeing a steep acceleration in our silicon carbide ramp and have doubled our silicon carbide revenue quarter-over-quarter in the second quarter. We had forecasted to double last year's silicon carbide revenue in 2022 and thanks to our global team's impressive acceleration of our capacity expansion plans and our latest customer engagement, we are confidently raising our annual projection to triple last year's silicon carbide revenue in 2022 and exceed $1 billion in revenue in 2023. Towards that end, we have also secured more than $4 billion of committed silicon carbide revenue through long-term supply agreements for the next three years as compared to the $2.6 billion we had previously disclosed. To support the steep acceleration in our silicon carbide revenue, we are rapidly expanding capacity across our sites. By the end of this year, we plan to quadruple our substrate output on a year-over-year basis, and we are adding capacity for wafering, IP, and modules at our various sites around the globe. Furthermore, we are adding 200-millimeter silicon carbide capacity at our existing fabs and we are on track to double our front-end wafer capacity by the end of 2023 as compared to that at the end of 2022 and further double that capacity by the end of 2024. Our energy infrastructure business is also growing at a rapid pace. With a year-over-year revenue increase of 61% in Q2, we are on track to exceed our 2022 target of 50% growth year-over-year. As I indicated earlier, volatility in the global energy supply is driving rapid adoption of eternal energy and with our broad portfolio of high-efficiency silicon carbide and IGBT modules, we are the key enabler in this market. We expect the alternative energy market to be a long-term driver for our business, as utility-scale power plant installations grow rapidly worldwide, reducing both fossil fuel dependence and associated climate impact. The top 10 solar inverter suppliers have more than 80% of the global market share, and ON Semi has signed long-term supply agreements with seven of them totaling more than $1 billion in revenue. Beyond the LTSAs, we continue to expand our footprint in the alternate energy market and in the second quarter, we secured a design win for our silicon carbide module for solar inverse with a leading global industrial OEM. While silicon carbide is the fastest-growing part of our power business, our silicon power products remain integral to our intelligent power portfolio with year-over-year growth of approximately 30% in our IGBT and MOSFET revenue. This growth was primarily driven by automotive and industrial where higher efficiency of our products is a key differentiator. Our Intelligent Sensing revenue grew by 39% year-over-year and by 10% quarter-over-quarter. The growth in our intelligent sensing was driven by both automotive and industrial end markets which grew by approximately 60% and 30%, respectively, year-over-year. The steep growth in our automotive image sensors is driven by an increasing number of cameras per car, a mix shift towards higher resolution and higher ASP sensors and accelerating penetration of ADAS. One of the primary drivers of increasing number of cameras per car has been the efforts by traditional OEMs to match the ADAS and related safety features offered by constructors and the new EV models. We are seeing increasing use of our image sensors to enable safety through the replacement of traditional mirrors by camera-enabled digital mirrors. We secured a design win for a digital mirror that incorporates four cameras for the rear and outside views. This mirror overcomes obstructions caused by passengers, headrests and other objects and provides integrated rearview and side view for blind spot monitoring. We signed another LTSA to supply image sensors for a vision system to replace mirrors with cameras and commercial trucks. This system provides the driver with a more complete view of operating conditions over traditional mirrors and delivers improved driver vision and flight spot elimination. We entered into an LTSA with a leading manufacturer of agriculture equipment to supply our new super exposure flicker-free high dynamic range image sensor for targeted spray systems in weed elimination. A vision system comprising more than 30 onsemi image sensors, identifies weeds and signals the nozzle control system to precisely spray herbicide in just the right quantity. This application sustainably eliminates the indiscriminate use of agricultural chemicals, enable savings of more than 75% of herbicide and helps protect the environment. In the industrial end market, our growth is driven by industrial and warehouse automation applications. Our scanning business grew by 70% year-over-year, driven by strong traction of our image sensors and industrial and warehouse applications. This growth is driven by expansion and increased automation of warehouse by global e-commerce leaders. Our proprietary global shutter technology, which enables high-speed capture of images and low light performance, coupled with strong technical support are the key drivers of our leadership in this market. Our transformation journey is well underway, and we are aggressively hiring worldwide to keep up with our growth. onsemi is driving disruptive innovation and route energy in the semiconductor space. And the work we do matters for our customers, to our employees and for the environment. We play a greater role in the most exciting megatrends that will define our future, such as electric vehicles, autonomous driving, robotics and automation and alternative energy. There is no better time to be part of a growth story like ours, and I invite anyone interested in joining our talented team to apply online. Now I will turn the call over to Thad to provide additional details on our financials and guidance. Thad?
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. Another quarter of record results clearly demonstrates our accelerating momentum in the fastest-growing semiconductor market and the progress we have made in our transformation. We are a stronger company today after having focused our strategy, redirected our investments and doubled down on intelligent power and sensing solutions for the automotive, industrial and cloud power markets. We rationalized our product portfolio by exiting price-sensitive products in favor of highly differentiated, intelligent power and sensing solutions. Our worldwide teams are focused on operational efficiencies to reduce costs, while we continue to make progress towards our fab lighter manufacturing strategy with the announced divestitures of two subscale fabs. The structural changes we have implemented over the last 18 months have significantly improved the predictability of our financial results and to position the company to consistently execute in dynamic market conditions. Our disciplined execution resulted in record financial performance for the last five consecutive quarters and we are thrilled that the results of our transformation are being recognized by the financial and business communities. In a noteworthy milestone, ON Semi has been included in the S&P 500 Index and recognized as a Fortune 500 Company. We could not have achieved these results without the dedication of our worldwide team, and I continue to be impressed with their operational excellence quarter after quarter. To our employees around the world, thank you for your unwavering commitment to ensuring the success of our customers. We are seeing unprecedented demand for our products driven by accelerating megatrends of vehicle electrification, ADAS, factory automation and energy infrastructure. In silicon carbide alone, we have LTSAs of more than $4 billion for the next three years. Our customers value the market-leading performance of our solutions, the breadth of our intelligent power and sensing portfolio and our end-to-end manufacturing capabilities and choose ON Semi as a strategic partner to enable their long-term technology road maps. Our focused markets of automotive and industrial grew by 41% and 34%, respectively, year-over-year to account for 66% of revenue as compared to 59% a year ago. We expect continued strength in the automotive and industrial end markets, amidst slowing demand for our noncore businesses, parts of which we are exiting to further achieve our transformation goals. We're also making progress on our sustainability initiatives. Last quarter, we published our sustainability report in which we reiterated our commitment to achieving net zero by 2040. We recognize the importance in doing our part for the environment as we deliver cutting-edge technologies that enable our customers to create a sustainable future. In 2021, approximately 75% of our revenue was sustainable product revenue. We significantly reduced our water consumption compared to the previous year, and we are already making progress in reducing our greenhouse gas emissions. Our Intelligent Power solutions for electric vehicles, EV charging and energy infrastructure are helping to slow the pace of climate change and our Intelligent Sensing solutions enable automation and efficiencies and which in turn reduced energy consumption. Turning to results for the second quarter. As I mentioned, Q2 was another quarter of record results. Total revenue was $2.085 billion, an increase of 25% over the second quarter of 2021 and 7% quarter-over-quarter. This increase was driven by strength in our automotive and industrial businesses, which grew 38% year-over-year and 9% quarter-over-quarter. Our Q2 revenue was above the high end of our guidance range as we navigated the China lockdown and recovered the impacted revenue late in the second quarter. Revenue from both Intelligent Power and Intelligent Sensing was at record levels. Intelligent Power grew by 31% year-over-year to 48% of revenue and Intelligent Sensing grew by 39% year-over-year to 18% of revenue. All three business units reported record revenue in the second quarter. Revenue for the Power Solutions Group, or PSG, was $1.06 billion, an increase of 25% year-over-year and achieving its first $1 billion quarter. Revenue for the Advanced Solutions Group, or ASG, was $716. 7 million, an increase of 18% year-over-year. Revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group, or ISG, for the quarter was $311.3 million, an increase of 44% year-over-year. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 49.7%. Our non-GAAP gross margin improved 30 basis points quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by a favorable mix of automotive and industrial markets and despite a proactive slowdown in our wafer starts, which reduced our utilization from 81% in Q1 to 77% in the second quarter. Six quarters into our transformation, a better control of our operational levers to optimize efficiencies, maximize output, and deliver for our customers and our shareholders. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 28% and non-GAAP operating margin was a record of 34.5%. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the second quarter was $1.02 as compared to $0.42 in a quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was $1.34 as compared to $0.63 in the second quarter of 2021. We relaunched our share buyback program and for the first time in over two years, repurchased 1.5 million shares or $89.7 million at an average price of $59.76 per share. This represents 44% of our free cash flow for the second quarter and there is $1.2 billion remaining on our authorized repurchase program. Now, let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were $453.1 million as compared to $357.9 million in the second quarter of 2021. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $317.7 million as compared to $314.2 million in the quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased by $14.9 million sequentially and driven by hiring to support our growth. As I indicated in previous calls, OpEx will continue to trend higher as we bring in additional talent to support our growth. As we guided in the past, our non-GAAP tax rate will increase in 2022 as we have substantially utilized our NOL attributes. For the second quarter, our non-GAAP tax rate increased to 16.3% from 4.6% in the fourth quarter of 2021. This change accounted for $0.18 of EPS dilution in the second quarter and $0.34 year-to-date. Our GAAP diluted share count was 447 million shares, and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 441.6 million shares. Please note that we have an updated reference table on the Investor Relations section of our website to assist you with calculating our diluted share count at various share prices. Turning to the Q2 balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents was $1. 79 billion, and we had $1.5 billion undrawn revolver. Cash from operations was $420.8 million and free cash flow was $202.7 million and free cash flow on an LTM basis was 17% of revenue. Capital expenditures during the second quarter were $218 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 10.5%. As we indicated previously, we are directing a significant portion of our capital expenditures towards the capacity expansion of silicon carbide and enabling our 300-millimeter capabilities at the East Fishkill fab. We expect to see a higher level of capital intensity in the second half of the year as we continue to invest in equipment and capacity expansion to support our growth. Accounts receivable was $1.1 billion, resulting in DSO of 50 days. The sequential increase in AR was due to non-linear shipments as we recovered revenue late in the quarter from the China lockdown. Inventory increased $67 million sequentially to $1.56 billion, and days of inventory decreased by 3 days to 136 days. We continue to build inventory to support our fab transitions and ramping silicon carbide. Distribution inventory decreased approximately $12 million quarter-over-quarter and remains consistent with Q1 at 7.1 weeks. We continue to maintain distribution inventory at historically low levels to hold more inventory on our balance sheet for our customers' needs rather than building inventory in the supply chain. Total debt was $3.2 billion, our net leverage remains well under 1%. Turning to guidance for the third quarter. Demand continues to outpace supply in our targeted automotive and industrial end markets while there are pockets of softness in our non-core markets. Given the uncertainty in the macro environment, we are taking a conservative stance in judging down demand in our guidance for the third quarter. A table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is provided in the press release related to our second quarter results. Let me now provide you key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the third quarter. We anticipate revenue will be in the range of $2.07 billion to $2.17 billion. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to remain between 48% to 50%. This includes share-based compensation of $3 million. Although, we continue to focus on long-term gross margin expansion and sustainability, our rapidly accelerating silicon carbide ramp will be dilutive to gross margins by 100 to 200 basis points over the next several quarters, due to the incremental start-up cost as we scale the operation. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses of $319 million to $334 million to include share-based compensation of $21 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP OIE will be $24 million to $28 million. For the remainder of 2022, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 15.5% to 16.5% and non-GAAP diluted share count for the third quarter is expected to be approximately 440 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $1.25 to $1.37. We expect capital expenditures of $265 million to $295 million in the second quarter, as we ramp up our silicon carbide production and invest in 300-millimeter capability. In summary, the transformation of the company has enabled us to deliver outstanding financial results and at the same time, reduce the volatility in our financials. With leadership in intelligent power and sensing solutions for the fastest-growing applications in automotive and industrial, we are well positioned to deliver sustained long-term financial performance for our shareholders. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Liz to open up for Q&A.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess, my first question is on the general macro trends and how you're reacting to them. You talked about a little bit of weakness in your non-core businesses, Hassane. And then Thad, just talked about the utilization actually coming down, sequentially. So how do I, in general, reconcile demand being greater than supply in your core businesses, weakness in your non-core and kind of what does it mean to the ability to backfill on that given your utilization is dropping?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, this is Hassane. Not all capacity is fungible, obviously. So what we're doing is we've been very cautious in our inventory management. You've seen our inventory go down in days. We're focusing our inventory on the strategic inventory in our core business and silicon carbide and fab transition. So that will remain that side of the utilization is full. But as we see the softening in the economic and that said, our cautious outlook on the macro, which is built into our guide, we're taking down -- we're taking measures as part of our resilience of our model that we've been talking about in good and bad times. And these are kind of the things we're focusing on to get through this and come out stronger.
Ross Seymore: Okay, thanks for that color, Hassane. I guess, Thad, one for you on a little more specifically on the gross margin side of things. You talked about a bunch of different moving parts in your third quarter guide and then even over the next few quarters with silicon carbide being a point or two headwind to gross margin. Can you just walk us through the puts and takes? And I believe at one point, you thought you could keep the gross margin relatively flat at this kind of 49-ish level for the next few quarters, even into the first half of next year. Is that still true?
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, we're in our targeted range of 48% to 50% in our guidance. I noted that they got a headwind of 100 to 200 basis points resulting from silicon carbide. As Hassane mentioned, the silicon carbide is ramping faster than we anticipated even 90 days ago, and that's causing a dilutive impact. Silicon carbide products at scale are at or above the corporate average. So we're comfortable that we'll continue to achieve our goals there is primarily just the lumpiness of bringing capacity on and supporting that growth that gives us a headwind here. But we are still very happy that we can maintain margins at this level within our target range as we ramp silicon carbide. And by the way, bringing utilization down slightly to offset some of the inventories that Hassane talked about as well. So I think, again, that shows the resilience in the model.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. Your line is now open.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks, guys. Just a follow on Ross' question. So theoretically, when would gross margins bottom for both the silicon carbide and for the overall company?
Thad Trent: Well, look, we think we're -- again, we're in our range, right? We think we're there. There'll be some puts and takes over the next few quarters. We think we'll be able to maintain that range plus or minus. But I would call this kind of the rate at which you should be modeling.
Chris Danely: Okay. And then as a follow-up, you talked about some macro issues in the non-auto and industrial business. Can you just expand on that? And are you guys I guess, predicting that they will get any worse, or have we seen the worst there? And does this have any impact on the overall pricing for the company?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. This is Hassane. Look, I don't know about getting better or worse. They're non-core. We've always said a lot of that business are the areas we want to exit. So we're taking utilization down part of our -- that strategy. It's not going to have an impact on margin from a dilutive side, because I've always said and I've been very firm even on these callâs prior, we're not going to chase that pricing down. We are planning on exiting that business. And therefore, you shouldn't expect any dilution on the margin because of it.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to dig in into your very strong disclosure on the silicon carbide side. If I got it right, I think, Hassane, you mentioned $1 billion for next year. I think in the past, you said $1 billion exiting '23? And then probably more than $2 billion in perhaps '24 billion and then $4 billion in terms of run rate or pipeline, I forget the exact word you used and I think that number used to be $2.6 billion? So, I'm curious, what has driven the upside to your silicon carbide numbers to this extent? How much of this is autos? How much of this is expanding relationship with existing customers versus new customers versus new customers? And then I had a follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. Look, I've always said the strength of our silicon carbide starts with technology. And when I talk about technology, devices and packages, we have differentiated solutions that matter at the end system, meaning it translates into longer battery, longer range, whatever tuning the OEM would like for that specific platform. So that's consistent, that's now proven in the results that we've seen already, beyond what we projected, but also in the outlook that we've said. And you're right, the first disclosure that I put is, I've always said we're going to double our silicon carbide in '20. I changed that to triple in â22 based on the trends that we're seeing already, even in the second quarter. So, we're going to exit 2022 at a higher run rate than we expected. And then we're going to continue that growth in '23, which leads to the updated number that I've given on the $1 billion in '23. Now on the $4 billion, that's a mix of existing customer that started ramping, came back and for its traditional platform on LTSA and some of them extended the LTSA, but also within the quarter, we have extended the LTSAs with new customers and new platforms. So, it is broad, it's geographically and its customer diverse. And some of it includes OEMs directly and that's the level of strategic partnerships we have had. About 90% of it is automotive and then you saw me talk about the solar side of it or the renewable energy side, where we've also had LTSAs with the top 7, that's a slower ramp, obviously than automotive. But nevertheless, that keeps pushing. So, 90% of automotive strength and stickiness because of our technology across the board. And of course, we can underestimate the end-to-end capability we have for the supply assurance.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, how should we think about the percentage of in-sourcing versus outsourcing of substrates that it will take to achieve your $4 billion target overtime? Maybe if you could give us a sense for how much of the substrate requirements are being met internally? And then how do you see that ratio go through time? And what that implies for your capital intensity overtime? Thank you. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So look, our capital intensity already has a lot of the expansion that we talked about. I've always said we're going to exit this year with a quadrupling of our substrate capacity after the GTAT acquisition. We're on track of doing that. That's going to fuel the growth in the subsequent years. And, of course, as we put that capacity online, the percent of internal is going to keep increasing into what we want, which is the majority internal. We're always going to have an external component of it, because we don't build capacity for a max peak of a ramp. We build capacity for a steady state. So we're going to use external substrate if we need to flex during a ramp. But other than that, I would expect the majority will be from our internal, and that's already accounted in our CapEx numbers.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much for taking the question. I've got two as well. First on gross margins. I guess a multipart question. Thad, you mentioned that the gross margin headwind from the SIC ramp over the next several quarters to be one to two percentage points. Curious how the progression of that will look like, meaning should we expect 25 to 50 basis points of headwind every quarter, or is it more back half loaded? Any, sort of, shape of that headwind would be helpful. And then how should we think about EFK from an accounting perspective, how much depreciation what hit your P&L? And what are the implications for gross margins in the first half of 2023?
Thad Trent: Yeah. So this is Thad. Let me take those in reverse order. So EFK comes online in 2023. So you're not going to see an impact in Q3 and Q4, obviously. As we bring on the fab, the -- we'll be providing foundry services to GLOBALFOUNDRIES for the next three years, which will wind down. As we've said, there is revenue associated with that foundry agreement, which is low margin. You can think about it as being foundry margins in the mid to high single digits range. You can think about for 2023 is that being a headwind of somewhere around 40 to 70 basis points on a quarterly basis. And that's the impact of that. The rest of it, we feel like we can offset. And, obviously, we get the efficiency of a better cost structure as we move more and more products into that fab over time as well. On the silicon carbide, as I said, 100 to 200 basis points of headwind. It is a little lumpy depending on the revenue and the timing of the equipment. We do believe we can keep the margins in this range of 48% to 50% for the next several quarters. Even with that headwind, you may see it move around a little bit, plus or minus 50 basis points here and there, but we think we can be in that tight range even offsetting those margins. But it doesn't necessarily linear from this point to 200 basis points, it's a little more fluctuation. And like I said, you'll see a little bit of fluctuation on the gross margin line, but we don't think it's material, and we think we can offset it with other efficiencies.
Toshiya Hari: A quick follow-up, Thad. The 40 to 70 basis point headwind from the EFK, should we expect you to hold the current range on gross margins even with that headwind, or could that drive another leg down in 2022 ?
Thad Trent: No, no. Yeah. No, we believe we can offset it with other gross margin expansion initiatives in our fab lighter strategy. So even though it's a headwind, we feel like we can still maintain our margins in this range.
Toshiya Hari: Okay, great. And then as my follow-up, just on capital allocation, it was interesting to see you buy back stock in the quarter, just given sort of the CapEx ramp you spoke to in your SIC business going forward. Can you remind us how we should be thinking about the balance between investing in your business versus returning cash to shareholders? And remind us how much cash you'd like to have on your balance sheet steady state? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, I don't think anything really changes with our capital opportunity. We continue to invest back in our businesses, R&D, CapEx and obviously investing for our long-term growth. So, that's our number one priority. We've always said we want financial flexibility for M&A if there's some opportunity out there for us on that, that fits our model. And then we would return cash to shareholders through the buyback. We will obviously pace each of those, depending on the requirements. We've got a lot of CapEx requirements over the next several quarters. So, we will be very disciplined when it comes to the capital allocation.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from William Stein with Truist. Your line is now open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my questions Thad, I think you said that your CapEx plan includes funding from customers. Can you perhaps detail how much of your CapEx plan includes such advances and how that influences your thinking about spending?
Thad Trent: Yes. So, our CapEx doesn't change, right? We said we run around 12% for the next few years, and I think we'll still maintain that funding from the customer to offset that, but you don't see that through the CapEx, our CapEx intensity doesn't necessarily change because we still report it that way. We do have customers that are co-investing with us for capital, in some cases, some NREs, things like that to invest in silicon carbide and other capacity that we're bringing online that makes those customers much more sticky and it's a good -- it just improved that relationship with that customer on a strategic basis. : And my follow-up, if I can, relates to the business that you intend to exit. Can you remind us how much of that is left after the current quarter? What's left to exit and maybe the pacing and margin of that, please?
Thad Trent: Yes, good question. So, we've got roughly around -- roughly $600 million left to exit. We've always said that would be market-driven. We're pricing that in a position that as capacity comes back on and it's the price sensitive part of our portfolio that we would likely exit it. We haven't been exiting as fast as what we anticipated. Originally, we thought we'd exit about another $300 million in the latter half of this year. We think we're probably going to exit about half of that. So, roughly about $150 million between Q3 and Q4. And then that obviously leaves a big slug for us next year as well in 2023. If the market gets softer faster, we could exit that faster. We've always said faster is better for us. We'll right-size our manufacturing and reallocate that capacity into automotive and industrial. But you can expect roughly kind of even, I think, $75 million a quarter between Q3 and Q4.
William Stein: And the margin on that, can you remind us?
Thad Trent: Yes. That margin is, when we exited last quarter, I think it was about 34% margin. You can think about most of that today is kind of being in the low 40% range.
William Stein: Thank you.
Thad Trent: That is the stuff that is highly price sensitive.
William Stein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rajvindra Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Rajvindra Gill: Yes. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on navigating through this uncertain environment with really good results. Just Thad, another follow-up on the gross margins. If I add up the EFK headwinds of negative 40 to negative 70 basis points a quarter, plus the silicon carbide by start-up cost of negative 100 to 200. You're talking about anywhere between negative 140 to negative 210 basis points through gross -- headwinds to gross margins over the next several quarters. Stripping that out would put your gross margins above 50% for the -- on a more normalized basis. So my question number one is, that's still a significant headwind if you combine the two, and yet you're kind of still talking about a 48% to 50% range. So, specifically, what are the drivers to offset that headwind, especially, the fact if utilization rates are going to be dropping for some of the non-core business? I'm curious how you're able to offset those kind of several headwinds over the next several quarters?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look -- this is Hassane. In the short term, obviously, those are the headwinds that we're offsetting through efficiencies that we have internally. I talked about new products ramping, show new products ramping outside of silicon carbide are accretive to gross margin. So we have a lot of these -- and I always said thousands of line items that we keep working on in order to offset that. And over a longer time, that's going to take itself out with silicon carbide ramping. The dilution effect will get less and less as we ramp into that capacity. And the same thing with EFK, where our foundry business to GLOBALFOUNDRYS will be reduced year-over-year at quarter after quarter, which will reduce that headwind. So in the short term, it's operational efficiencies that we are driving and longer term is structural as we grow into it. And while we do that, we're navigating the market like you've seen us do using utilization very carefully to balance between utilization and inventory building.
Rajvindra Gill: Thank you for that Hassane. And just for my follow-up, if you look at your auto business, it was $784 million in Q2 versus $556 million in June of last year. Taking out 2021 and 2020, which was during the COVID years, it's still almost 80% above where it was at pre-COVID levels. So $440 million in June of 2019, now you're doing $784 million, if you look at it from that perspective. So obviously, the units have not -- units have been kind of declining since 2019. I know the content is very strong. But just wondering how you're able to get this kind of outsized growth even from kind of pre-COVID levels? What's happening with respect to pricing and how much of that pricing scenario is going to be sustainable as we go into next year?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, that's a very good question because that's something I look at internally. So, from the unit's perspective, you can't really linearize the units because a lot of the things we have been exiting also when we talk about not just the noncore market, but also nondifferentiated products, a lot of it is that very, very high volume very, very low ASP business that we have been exiting, which some of it is going into automotive. So, from a unit decline, I review that, the only thing I look at that is how to balance the manufacturing into our fab lighter strategy. So that's one thing here. But a lot of the new products that we are shipping are higher ASP, but not as much volume. Think about IGBT modules, think about silicon carbide module, much higher ASP and much lower volume. The second part of the growth is, if you compare the EVs built back into, if I go back to '18, if you want to do that as the baseline, EV units are much, much higher percent of total units built than they were three years ago, even when they were last year. So, a lot of that is the content. Then of course, you have the pricing stuff, which I've always said is, some of it is we're pricing ourselves out of the market and that's the stuff we're not going to chase down and that's sustainable as far as margin, not sustainable from a price perspective, and that's expected. But the price-to-value discrepancies that we have been doing is sustainable. And the way I monitor that is, one, the LTSAs that customers are signing, which includes volume and price over the length of the LTSA. And even on my prepared remarks, I talked about customers coming in and wanting to extend those LTSAs beyond the original time line that they had.  And LTSA is not about image sensor or silicon carbide or highly constrained, it's some of them have 200 parts from ON Semi. So, customers are valuing the whole portfolio, they're valuing where we are economically, even with the price-to-value discrepancies because we started way below market and that is sustainable, one from the LTSA side; and two, I know kind of a feel of where we are versus the market, and we're not an outlier.
Rajvindra Gill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley: I believe that would be me, Gary Mobley, Wells Fargo Securities. I apologize, if otherwise. But I had a multi-part question on silicon carbide. And so, I'm wondering what your view is on silicon carbide contribution to gross margin over the long term? Will it be at corporate gross margin when that business is $1 billion plus next year? And with respect to silicon carbide materials capacity or supply, I believe there's a constrained situation in that market today. And so, I'm wondering if that's contemplated as well into your fiscal year '23 outlook?
Thad Trent: Yes. The silicon carbide, as we've said is, at or above the corporate average gross margin at scale. We believe for the next several quarters, we're going to have the headwinds of 100 to 200 basis points. But I think if you think about late next year, we will â that headwind should be behind us and we will be achieving those gross margin targets at that time.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. From -- look, from a supply/demand perspective, hard to make silicon carbide and it sure is hack harder to scale it at the pace we are scaling it. Based on the acceleration of the EV penetration into total vehicles made, we do see, and I think that our comment is supported by some of the industry analysts out there; silicon carbide is going to remain constrained in the foreseeable future. And that's why our focus is on investing heavily into that capacity, ramping that capacity as hard as we can and supporting our LTSA customers and that's the reason we -- you've seen an increase in LTSA customers that are signing up with committed revenue, because they want to get that capacity, they want to have us invest in that capacity so we are there when they need to ramp versus them having to scramble. The last thing they want is announce EV aspirations and not have the main event that drives the car. So we're working with our customers to support their EV ramps. And we do that through LTSAs, and we do that through heavy investments in order to increase the pace. That's what we need.
Gary Mobley: Appreciate. Thanks guys. As my follow-up, I wanted to ask. About what's embedded in your third quarter guidance with respect to some of the end markets that may be showing some softness? In particular, I'm curious to know what your exposure is currently between consumer PCs and smartphones. Can you remind us of that?
Thad Trent: Yeah. Look, when we think about the guidance going forward, we believe that auto and industrial continue to be supply constrained. So we believe that auto is up more than our guidance. We think that industrial is flat to up, and we think the other markets are potentially down, and that's the conservative our guide there. We don't break out between those various markets. They're not strategic to us. And part of where we're seeing the softness is the non-core business that we're hoping to exit. So if that does get softer faster, that could allow us to exit even quicker.
Gary Mobley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. Staying with the silicon carbide topic, as I add up the numbers you're talking about and I look at the numbers that your top four or five competitors are talking about, we're getting to numbers that are much larger than the third-party estimates for silicon carbide. So I assume that that the market is growing faster than the third-party success, but I would have thought we were constrained by battery capacity and just the general EV and battery power capability of your customer. So, do you think the market is expanding that much more rapidly versus on success within the market? And do you think some people might be overly optimistic about where -- how big this could be?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, one thing you sure have taught me is external reports are accurate backwards looking, not so much forward-looking. The numbers, I'm putting together, and I'm sure some of my peers do that. Our bottom -- for us, I can speak specifically, their bottoms-up number. They are numbers that are under long-term supply agreements. And remember, we always talked about those are committed revenue. I don't talk about funnel. I don't talk about projections of what conversion is going to be. These are long-term supply agreement. Contractual documents between us and the customer, stating by year and some of them by quarter about what the rent profile and we have identified vehicle platforms that we're working on with the customer where that silicon carbide is going to go into. So from the onsemi side, I can speak very comfortably about the ramp that we are seeing because that's what we're working on. Now from what derisks, the ramp and the market in general is the geographical and the customer/platform, the diversity that we have engaged in, where if there is one model that doesn't ramp the way they expect, there will be another model that will ramp faster than they expect. Because for us, the LTSA, especially the ones with an OEM are at an OEM level, not necessarily at a model level. So that's how we balance the risk. A lot of the strategics that we are working with, we always look at overall capacity from a battery perspective because that will be kind of the secondary bottleneck. A lot of these OEMs have committed battery capacity and they've made their own disclosures, so I won't comment on that. So from a ramp perspective, it is ahead of where we even thought, there is an acceleration of silicon carbide that we have seen in our current revenue and have seen outlined in our projection with the long-term supply agreements, but we are ready for it and our customers have everything else they need to ramp up that volume.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you very much. And just a quick follow-up, kind of more of a housekeeping thing. The -- is the treatment of the start-up expense in silicon carbide sort of similar GAAP versus non-GAAP or are there any big differences we should be aware of?
Thad Trent: All of our startup costs are in our non-GAAP results. So we don't exclude anything. That's the headwinds.
Joseph Moore: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Harsh Kumar: Hey, guys. I had a quick one. When I talk to investors that are negative or bearish on the stocks, they often bring up the fact that you guys might have been involved in raising prices a lot more aggressively than some of your other competitors. I was curious, Hassane, if you could walk me through how things work in real life in the business. Is that even possible that you are super aggressive in raising prices and maintain business with our customers, or do you risk losing business? I was just curious if you can give me puts and takes on that angle. And then I've got a quick follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I'll give you -- I've been very straightforward about this. There's two components of this. I'll talk with the easiest one first. We've always been very straightforward and direct about the fact that in non-core business that we plan to exit, we price ourselves out of the market. That's one way to exit that business is by pricing yourself out of the market. So that I would say, if that's where you're hearing it from, that would be true. And there is -- it's not a risk of losing business. It's the intent of losing the business, and we've had that intent, and we even disclosed it in our prepared remarks of how much we lost and how much we intend on losing. So that's one side of it. The other side, which is more on the value strategic, as I talk about the price-to-value discrepancy, I don't think there's a risk of losing that business, especially with the fact that a lot of these products, the value products that we supply to our customers. After the price actions that we've taken, we still remain committed to them, and we have them under LTSAs with our customers. That tells you that our pricing is not out of line. Otherwise, why would the customer want to sign up for it, one. And two, why would they want to come back and extend that? Now relative and it's all relative, maybe the percent that you hear that we've raised higher may be higher than as a percent than some of our peers have done. I don't know what they've done. I don't know what they've done. I don't know what talk is in the market, but you also have to remember where we started from. In a lot of areas, and I have that data that we're acting on, we have been pricing way below market. So getting it back to market, maybe a bigger percent, but it doesn't mean that you're above market and the data and the commitments from our customers prove that from an external view.
Harsh Kumar: Hey, thank you very much Hassane. That was very helpful. And then, as a follow-up real quickly, there's a lot of chatter, a lot of talk, not from you guys, but from everywhere else about a Tesla contract possibly. Are you willing to talk about that at all? And is that a part of the $1 billion 2023 goal? That's another question we get from investors a lot.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, I will maintain my policy of not commenting on specific customer engagement or customer ramps. So I'll leave it at that.
Harsh Kumar: Fair enough. Thank you, Hassane. Congrats, guys. Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you.
Thad Trent: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Your line is now open. 
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much for squeezing me in guys. Good morning. I wanted to ask on the silicon carbide business. As you get to sort of this $1 billion in scale and continue to scale beyond that, Hassane, you mentioned that this is going to be sort of a historically quick volume ramp of a new technology that's no doubt complicated to get to yield and to scale. So what I would like to understand a little bit more about how your agreements with your customers. Obviously, if there's upside to your ability to scale yields and volumes then great, you'll be able to fulfill all that. But is there any sort of, I don't know what the right term would be, risk sharing in some of these agreements in case the yields maybe don't come through as you guys planned? It's great that you're winning all this business. I'm just trying to figure out how you might risk mitigate some of the volume ramps and the yield ramps as this technology scale. Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Let me put it this way. We have enough data, and we've been in this business for long enough to have a very solid baseline and a very solid learning, call it, slope. Whether it's yield, whether it's growth, whether it's ramp, et cetera, I'm very, very comfortable with our commitments to our customers. With, I would say, the way we look at it is equal upside, downside. I'm not concerned about that. My main focus is not on the technology and what the technology is outputting, right now, it is having -- putting the equipment in place, ramping that equipment, and we've done a great job at that so far, and we're going to continue to do that. But the biggest thing for us is ramping the baseline that we've already established. We have a great product and very good yield that is going -- that has been and already is in production.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks for that. That's great to hear. I think, from my conversations anyway, I think that's the sort of the last hurdle to get investors across is just the confidence in those metrics.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. And I'm not worried about the metrics. I personally review those metrics. I'm a technology person other than a CEO, and we have a solid outlook with the solid financials that said projected.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks very much. A quick follow-up for that. I got a couple of questions this morning on the receivables and DSO lines jumping up a bit in the quarter, if you had any context there. I'd appreciate it. : Yes, absolutely. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we recovered the -- from the China lockdown. So, if you look at our revenue for the quarter, it wasn't linear because of that. So, it was very back-loaded, which caused AR to go up and DSO to go up. But it's temporary just as it takes time to collect that cash. But natural in terms of -- if you look at the slope of linearity throughout the quarter being back-end loaded. Don't expect that to continue now that we fully recovered that revenue and from the China lockdowns, and we're not seeing any impact going forward, knock on wood here. But that's the reason. It's purely temporary.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks guys, Congrats on all the progress.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO, for closing remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you all for joining us today. We delivered outstanding results in the second quarter and I again want to thank our worldwide team for their commitment to excellence as we execute to our strategy. While we have exceeded our expectations, we are nowhere near the full potential of ON Semi. With accelerating growth in our silicon carbide  megatrends we are on a path to deliver sustain above-market revenue and earnings growth. We look forward to seeing you at various investor events during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to onsemi First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  And please be advised that today's program is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please, go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Carmen. Good morning and thank you for joining onsemi's first quarter 2022 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2022 first quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels, share count and 2022 fiscal calendar is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures and our GAAP are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the first quarter of 2022. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other amounts that may occur except as applied by law. Now let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I will start off by saying how extremely proud I am our team's execution in the first quarter. Our employees worldwide continue to push through challenging times, and their efforts have delivered yet another quarter of outstanding results. We had strong revenue growth of 31% over the year, driven by solid performance of our intelligent power and sensing solutions in the automotive and industrial end markets. Key megatrends such as vehicle electrification, ADAS, energy infrastructure and factory automation are accelerating, and we expect to see sustained growth as we service our customers under long term supply agreements and expand our pipeline of new intelligent power and sensing products at favorable margins. Along with our strong revenue performance in the first quarter, we achieved a gross margin of 49.4%, an increase of 1,420 basis points from a year ago. This outstanding margin performance was driven by improvements we implemented in 2021, including manufacturing efficiencies, reallocation of capacity to strategic and high-margin products to drive favorable mix shift, and continued elimination of price-to-value discrepancies. On the market environment, despite an overhang of unfavorable macroeconomics and geopolitical dynamics, demand for products in our focus end markets of automotive and industrial continues to be strong. In the first quarter, automotive and industrial grew 8% quarter-over-quarter and 42% year-over-year to 65% of our revenue, both delivering record quarters. The growth in our automotive revenue, while SAAR was revised down, highlights the strength of our portfolio and supports the content growth we expect per vehicle driven by ADAS and vehicle electrification. Lead-times are flat quarter-over-quarter and we do not see meaningful customer pushouts or increasing cancellation trends. We are fully cognizant of potential risks from inflation, higher interest rates, and ongoing geopolitical tensions. We are monitoring the business environment diligently and have been managing our inventory, manufacturing and customer engagements to support our long-term financial targets and sustain our gross margin within our target range of 48% to 50%. As of now, the COVID-related lockdowns in China have not had any meaningful impact on our business. However, there is potential risk in the second quarter if the lockdowns extend much longer, and our current guidance already accounts for a few percentage points of growth of risk we are seeing at this point. To mitigate any chance of supply disruptions to our customers due to these lockdowns, we have initiated capacity transfers to our Manila and Singapore locations to maintain supply continuity for our customers. We have been making selective investments to expand our capacity in strategic areas and relieve bottlenecks, especially in back-end factories for our imaging products. We are improving the efficiency of our factories and are reallocating capacity to strategic products and end markets, allowing us to expand our margin by driving favorable mix shift. We have been able to secure additional capacity from our external manufacturing partners and our qualifying products in our 300-millimeter fab to meet the long-term capacity needs. In 2022, we are on track to ship more than twice the number of 300-millimeter wafers we shipped in 2021 and the continued ramp in our East Fishkill. Fab should improve the efficiency of our fab network over the next few years as we execute our fab lighter strategy by consolidating our fab footprint. We have redeployed capacity to strategic higher-margin products. And over the last 12 months, we have exited approximately $200 million in revenue at an average gross margin of 21%, of which $32 million occurred in the first quarter at an average gross margin of 20%. Some of these losses are already being offset with new product revenue, which increased 31% year-over-year at favorable gross margin and will continue to ramp through 2023 and beyond. Our customer engagement remains strong as we see our increased customer base driving approximately 100% year-over-year growth in our design wins. This increase is driven by WINS Intelligent Power & Sensing with design wins for both doubling year-over-year. Our intelligent power and sensing revenue makes up 65% of total revenue, up from 62% a year ago. We are continuing to make progress on our silicon carbide growth and remain on track to more than double our silicon carbide revenue in 2022 as we ramp shipments to customers who have signed long-term supply agreements with us. At this pace, exiting 2023, onsemi will be on a $1 billion run rate for silicon carbide revenue. In addition to market-leading efficiency of our products, our end-to-end vertically integrated solution in a supply constrained environment is a compelling and differentiated competitive advantage. I'm extremely happy with the progress of our GTAT operation. And since we closed the acquisition, we have already expanded to a second building as we increased our substrate capacity and are still on track to more than quadruple exiting 2022 in support of our LTSA customers and the broader SIC market. From the engineering side, all yields and outputs are meeting our committed production levels, and we are making fast progress on our 200-millimeter substrate development and release to production. We continue to expand our silicon carbide engagement beyond automotive traction and have made inroads into the energy infrastructure market with our power modules. In the first quarter, our revenue for energy infrastructure grew 64% year-over-year, and we secured significant wins for our silicon carbide and silicon power modules with key market leaders. We are currently shipping to seven of the top 10 global providers of solar inverters, and we have signed LTSAs with three of the top five players. The energy infrastructure market will be a long-term driver for our business as utility scale power plant installations are expected to grow worldwide to reduce the climate impact of fossil fuel-based power plants. In the first quarter, our 5G cloud point-of-load revenue and design wins, both increased 33% year-over-year as we displace an incumbent to secure a design win at a leading 5G infrastructure OEM with a new product based on our superior technical performance and security of supply. In Cloud Power, we secured a major win with our high-performance power management solutions, delivering over 94% of feet energy efficiency. They were adopted by one of the largest cloud providers in the world to power their next-generation Intel servers in their data centers refresh and expansion. Our best-in-class energy efficiency together with supply assurance and technical support, enabled us to secure this win delivering both market share gains and favorable gross margin in the second half of this year. On the intelligent sensing front, we continue to sustain our momentum in automotive imaging with 44% revenue growth year-over-year. Our strong presence on most leading ADAS software platforms and broad ecosystem we have built over time have been a key driver of our strong market position. We further strengthened our position in the ADAS ecosystem through a key win with a leading ADAS software platform provider in China. We expect this platform to proliferate at all OEMs in China with our content in excess of $150 per vehicle. The growth in our image sensing revenue and design wins is attributed to a doubling of the average number of cameras per vehicle over the past five years and a doubling again in the next five years. In fact, we have designed in 28 cameras per vehicle in a Level 5 autonomous vehicle already. Our industry-leading eight-megapixel camera has already been adopted by eight car OEMs and will quadruple in revenue in 2023 over 2022. In addition to ADAS applications in light vehicles, we are seeing traction for our image sensors in the industrial market for warehouse automation, autonomous delivery robot and agriculture applications. In the first quarter, we secured a win for our image sensors for use in robotic drive units in fulfillment centers with $70 of imaging content ramping in 2023 as a leading e-commerce player. In addition, we continue to win new designs in the growing intelligent agri business segment for improving crop yields, which uses 36 image sensors per machine with revenue starting this year. Customers select our sensors based on superior imaging performance, market-leading global shutter efficiency and a strong ecosystem comprising of players that provide supporting software and hardware solutions to rapidly enable complete imaging solutions. Our intelligent sensing products are long-lived and design wins tend to be sticky. Awarded projects typically span multiple years with lifetime in excess of 15 years as customer values the programmability and leverage their software architecture over multiple platforms and end products. This longer life cycle and sticky nature of our products gives us greater revenue stability and visibility. Now I will turn the call over to Thad to provide additional details on our financials and guidance. Thad?
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. We had another quarter of record results as we continue to execute on our transformation journey. We reported record revenue, gross and operating margins and earnings per share driven by structural changes to the business and a reallocation of investment and resources to strategic products and markets with high growth and high margins. Vehicle electrification, ADAS, factory automation and energy infrastructure are in the early stages of adoption, and these trends will accelerate with the need for higher energy efficiency in the automotive and industrial markets. With an expanding portfolio of highly differentiated intelligent power and sensing products, long-term supply agreements and end-to-end supply chain capabilities for the fastest-growing product, we are well positioned to drive long-term revenue, earnings and free cash flow growth. The hard work and disciplined execution of our worldwide teams are reflected in our financial transformation. Our first quarter revenue increased 31% year-over-year, gross margin improved 1,420 basis points and operating income increased 7.5 times faster than revenue while free cash flow was 21% on an LTM basis.\ Additionally, revenue in our strategic end markets of automotive and industrial increased 42% year-over-year and now account for 65% of revenue as compared to 60% in the quarter a year ago. We also continue to make progress in our fab wider strategy, rationalizing our manufacturing footprint by exiting subscale fabs, accelerating our 300-millimeter ramp and improving operational efficiencies, all of which will double our capacity per factory over time. By transitioning production to more efficient fabs will eliminate fixed cost and lower unit costs while reducing the volatility in the P&L. As previously announced, we closed the sale of our 6-inch fab in Belgium and expect to close the sale of our 8-inch fab in Maine to diodes in the second quarter. We are also on track to close the acquisition of the 300-millimeter fab in East Fishkill from GLOBALFOUNDARIES at year-end. As these transitions take years to fully execute and realize, we've been building bridge inventory to ensure a consistent supply of product to our customers. These structural changes, along with our differentiated portfolio, are driving momentum in our design wins, while LTSAs and the stickiness of our products are providing improved visibility into long-term revenue and profitability. Turning to the results for the first quarter. As I noted, Q1 was another quarter of record results. Total revenue was $1.95 billion, an increase of 31% over the first quarter of 2021 and 5% quarter-over-quarter. This increase was driven by favorable mix of automotive and industrial, which together grew by 8% quarter-over-quarter and 42% year-over-year. Revenue from both Intelligent Power and Intelligent Sensing was at record levels. Intelligent Power grew by 37% year-over-year to 47% of revenue and Intelligent Sensing grew by 35% year-over-year to 17% of revenue.  Turning to the business units. Revenue for the Power Solutions Group, or PSG, was $986.7 million, an increase of 32% year-over-year. Revenue for our Advanced Solutions Group, or ASG was $689.3 million, an increase of 30% year-over-year. Revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group or ISG for the quarter was $269 million, an increase of 32% year-over-year. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the first quarter was 49.4%. Our non-GAAP gross margin improved 420 basis points quarter-over-quarter, driven primarily by favorable mix and pricing ahead of rising input costs. Over the last year, we have exited approximately $200 million of noncore revenue at an average margin of 21% and reallocated this capacity to strategic products with accretive gross margins.  The structural changes we have implemented give us confidence in the sustainability of the margin structure, raising the floor in all market conditions. We expect to see modest headwinds to our gross margin with increases in raw material and other input costs, as well as start-up costs as we aggressively ramp our silicon carbide manufacturing, offset by additional cost savings and manufacturing efficiencies.  As such, we expect to maintain gross margins within the narrow range of our Q1 margin for the remainder of the year. We also achieved record quarterly GAAP and non-GAAP operating margin of 33.3% and 33.9% respectively with our Q1 non-GAAP operating income growing quarter-over-quarter at a rate 4.5 times faster than that of revenue. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the first quarter was $1.18 and non-GAAP EPS was $1.22 as compared to $0.35 in the first quarter of 2021 and $1.09 in Q4. Now let me give you some additional numbers for models. GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were $314 million as compared to $395 million in the first quarter of 2021. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $302.8 million as compared to $324.7 million in the quarter a year ago and decreased $3.6 million sequentially. The decrease was primarily due to delayed hiring as we continue to reallocate resources to our focused products. We expect OpEx to trend towards our long-term model over the next several quarters as we increase investments for our long-term growth. Our factory utilization was 81% flat as compared to the fourth quarter and we expect utilization to be approximately 80% in the second quarter. As we guided in the past, our non-GAAP tax rate will increase in 2022 as we have substantially utilized all our NOL attributes.  For the first quarter, our non-GAAP tax rate increased to 15.6% from roughly 6% in 2021. This change accounted for $0.16 of EPS dilution from the fourth quarter. Our GAAP diluted share count was 448.9 million shares and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 442 million shares. Please note that we have an updated reference table on the Investor Relations section of our website to assist you with calculating our diluted share count and various share prices. Turning to the Q1 balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents was $1.6 billion, and we added $1.97 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $470 million and free cash flow of $305 million. Capital expenditures during the first quarter was $173.8 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 9%. As indicated previously, we are directing a significant portion of our capital expenditures towards enabling our 300-millimeter capabilities at East Fishkill fab and the expansion of silicon carbide capacity. This increase is in line with the higher capital intensity in the near term, as mentioned at our Analyst Day. Accounts receivable was $910.7 million, resulting in DSO of $43. Inventory increased $116.5 million sequentially to $1.5 billion and days of inventory increased by 15 days to 139. This increase was driven primarily by growth in width and raw material and additional build of inventory to support our fab transition and our LTSA commitments. We expect to reduce days of inventory in the second half of the year. Distribution inventory was slightly down at 7.1 weeks. We continue to maintain distribution inventory at historically low levels to hold more inventory on our balance sheet for our customers' needs, rather than building inventory in the supply chain. Total debt was $3.2 billion, and our net leverage remains under one. Turning to guidance for the second quarter. The table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is provided in the press release related to our first quarter results. Let me now provide you key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the second quarter. Based on current market trends, bookings and backlog levels, we believe demand will continue to outpace supply through much of 2023. We anticipate that revenue for the second quarter will be in the range of $1.965 billion to $2.065 billion. This guidance range includes the anticipated impact of the China lockdown of a couple of percentage points of revenue growth. We expect non-GAAP gross margins between 48.5% and 50.5%. This includes share-based compensation of $3.2 million. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses of $305 million to $320 million, including share-based compensation of $23.2 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP OIE to be $20 million to $24 million. And for the remainder of 2022, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 15.5% to 16.5% and non-GAAP diluted share count for the second quarter to be approximately 443 million shares. This results in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $1.20 to $1.32. We expect capital expenditures of $240 million to $270 million in the second quarter, as we ramp our silicon carbide production and invest in 300-millimeter capabilities. In summary, we believe ON Semi's differentiated portfolio focused on the sustainable ecosystem, coupled with the structural changes in our business will continue to drive profitable long-term growth and value for our shareholders. Our worldwide teams continue in presses with their unwavering commitment and dedication to our customers despite ongoing challenges across the globe, and I want to thank them for their outstanding results. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Carmen to open up the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi, thanks a lot -- me ask the question. Congrats on the strong results. Hassane, the first question is for you. I know you went through that you're basically not seeing any changes from the demand side of the equation. But investors clearly are having a hard time believing that that's going to persist even if you're not seeing it now. So, could you go into a little more color? Any change in the demand behaviors by either end markets, go -- just a little bit more cyclical comfort and detail on what you're seeing, so investors can kind of gauge that versus the recessionary or cyclical downturn fears?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I mean, I'll comment on the automotive and industrial, which is where our highest exposure is, we don't see any changes in the demand environment or even the outlook as far as demand versus supply, like that said, at least through 2023. We have the engagements that we've been talking about with long-term supply agreements that we've engaged went through 2021 and even in the first quarter of 2022, that extend beyond 2023 into some of the 2024, 2025. And right now, we are in a path to extend most of these long-term supply agreements beyond the original time frame that we've had of 2024 average. So, the fact that customers are still focusing on the supply based on a very highly credible demand and their willingness to sign up for long-term supply agreements beyond 2024 and 2025 sometimes gives us that visibility and comfort of the sustainability of the demand. And just remember, our biggest exposure, and it keeps increasing, as we mentioned in Analyst Day on the auto and industrial, are driven by the megatrends that I talked about. EVs are going to happen, whether they are -- they get to 50% of total demand in 2028 or 2026 or 2027 is irrelevant, it's still fundamentally growing as a percent of total SAAR. That's the content that's driving our growth, and that's the exposure we have where customers are highly confident of their outlook and willing to sign up for it.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for that color. Hassane, I guess for my follow-up one for Thad or you, Hassane, if you want is to pivot on to the gross margin side of things. Obviously, you guys have done a great job surprised to the upside pretty much every quarter since you took over. I wanted to get into two parts of that, the flatness going forward for the rest of the year. That, if you could walk through the puts and takes on that. And then the confidence with keeping the higher floor, a 4 handle, that changed? Is it what used to be 40% is now 45%? Any sort of color on the gross margin sustainability there?
Thad Trent: Yes. Ross, it's Thad. Look, as I said in our prepared remarks, we're really confident with the floor, especially where we are today with the margin today. We believe the floor is definitely with the fore handle. If I kind of think about the impact to gross margin, we saw a favorable mix this quarter. We saw favorable pricing ahead of the input costs. So, we saw input costs coming at us. We've always said we're going to pass on those cost increases to our customers. So, as you look forward, we've got a number of factors coming in play, right? So, we've got favorability in the manufacturing side as we continue our Fab-Liter strategy. That's offset by increases in the input cost as well as in the second half of the year, we've got the ramping of silicon carbide, which is a headwind to margins because we don't exclude those start-up costs in our non-GAAP numbers. And so you've got a headwind associated with that in the second half, and that's why we believe that we'll see the margins sustain in that Q1 range for the remainder of the year. Longer term, we still remain very optimistic in terms of where we're going, but we've got a lot to do between here and the end of the year.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Chris Barney with Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Danely: Chris Barney? Okay. I'm a purple dinosaur now. Hey guys, I hope this is me, by the way. I hope I didn't take some Chris Barney question. One more question on the gross margin. Can you talk about how much of the upside in Q1 was mix versus pricing and your pricing expectations for the rest of 2022?
Thad Trent: Well, the mix versus pricing in Q1 to the first order, pricing was first followed by favorable mix, and that's what gave us the upside to our guidance in Q1. As we go forward, we'll continue to pass on incremental cost increases that we get in our models, either through input cost or from our external foundries. I think we continue to close the price-to-value discrepancy on those products. And then we also plan on exiting the $300 million of non-core business later in the second half of the year. And as we've always said, we're basically pricing ourselves out of that market. And when supply comes online, we will exit that business.
Chris Danely: Got it. And for my follow-up, you said no change in lead times. So would you say that the -- I guess, the overall shortage situation for ON is about the same as it was in the last couple of quarters? And do you anticipate any improvement in the shortage/supply situation before the end of the year?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. This is Hassane. Yes, I would say there's no change as far as the main versus supply to date. We don't see that changing materially over the next few quarters; call it, for the remainder of 2022. We do have some manufacturing efficiencies and some supply coming online from investments we've done in 2021, but not to the level to meet demand. So we'll still be supply constrained through 2022 and even with the outlook we have for 2023.
Chris Danely: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Hassane, I thought you mentioned that you have excluded some impact of China lockdowns in your Q2 outlook. I was hoping you could help us quantify how much is that? And is this something you can recover later in the year? Is this something that you can deliver to customers outside of the other, I believe, in Manila and Singapore distribution centers? Just how are you quantifying the impact of lockdowns, or is this a headwind even for the second half of the year?
Hassane El-Khour: Yeah. Look, I mean, obviously, we see -- let me give you some of the numbers. So what we have already included in our guide for Q2 is a couple of percentage point of top line. So that's kind of the impact we've included. That's based on what we see today, not knowing when a potential lift of restriction is going to be. So that's why we put in. We don't see that demand going away. It's still there. That's why we are trying to funnel as much of it as we can through our other distribution, but we do see that challenge in the short term. So I don't see that as a demand environment outlook -- impacting outlook, but it is a short term. Now you can call it short term, but I don't have that visibility of when the lockdown does happen. We've engaged with all customers as far as demand. It's still there. All it does is puts us a little bit more behind on meeting. That demand from a supply perspective. But I do expect that to flush out as soon as the lockdowns are done, but we thought it will be prudent to just put that in as far as the guide because the risk is out there.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Hassane, longer-term silicon carbide, could you maybe give us a sense of what percentage of your sales does silicon carbide represent today? And then where do you see it going? And how do you differentiate between some of your competitors who are focused on the material side, such as Wolfspeed or  and then others who are coming at it from a device incumbency perspective, such as Infineon and ST? What are ON’s main differentiators in the silicon carbide market?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, sure. So from -- for the first part of the question, I'm not breaking up the -- breaking out the silicon carbide. I'm just giving the ramp rates and those ramp rates, just to remind everybody we're expecting to more than double our revenue this year and puts us on track for the $1 billion run rate in 2023. Those are kind of the high growth. And all of this, again, to put it in perspective, are all committed revenue and long-term supply agreements. So right now, we're building capacity to service that demand that we already have as committed revenue from -- across a wide variety of geographies and customers. From the differentiation, you mentioned the two kind of -- the two ways of coming at it. And where onsemi sits is actually the sweet spot in the middle, where we are able to support our customers with our substrate, the vertical integration and support our customers with the know-how that we've built over multiple decades of device and more importantly, packaging. So the ability to have substrate from supply assurance, the know-how for device, design all the way to packaging in order to get the best solution to fit the customer need is why we win and why our customers have been awarding us a lot of that business that we've been talking about over the last few quarters and more to come. But our focus right now is ramping up our supply chain, ramping up our silicon carbide substrate through the GTAT, as I mentioned. We have a heavy ramp coming, but our focus is on our LTSA commitments to our customers, and we continue to win this quarter and some of our funnel as it keeps converting to committed revenue.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. I had two as well. First on silicon carbide, Hassane, I was hoping you could give us an update on the design win funnel? Obviously, you reiterated your view on 2022 and exit rate for 2023. But last quarter, I think you gave a $2.6 billion number through 2024. I was hoping to get an update on that. And if you can speak to the mix between automotive and energy infrastructure, that would be helpful?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, sure. I mean, look, I'll reiterate the committed revenue number of $2.6 billion. Obviously, we have a lot of design in the offer that I'll be hoping to talk about over the next few quarters to '22 as we close these out. But from a – at a high level, the highest percent of that revenue is coming from traction just because of the TAM. EV is the biggest TAM for silicon carbide. So therefore, our biggest – I would say, 80% or so, $2 billion of that is in automotive traction. The rest of the $2.6 billion that I talked about is in nonautomotive traction. So, think about it as the industrial side of alternative energy or infrastructure that I talked about, that has been ramping.  I talked about being 50% growth in 2022 from 2021 last quarter, we closed the first quarter at 65% growth. So, we're growing that business nicely outside of just the automotive and that's very broad across geographies and very broad across customers. And more importantly, we are engaged with the top 10, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you. And then I've got a quick follow-up for Thad as well on the gross margin side. You talked about silicon carbide and the ramp there being the headwind later this year and I guess, potentially into 2023. I was hoping you could quantify that for us and when you'd expect it to reverse and to be more of a tailwind for your business? Is it late '23, when you're run rating at about $1 billion? Is it beyond that? Any comment there would be helpful and the positive benefits from Belgium, Maine and I guess, East Fishkill. I know this probably takes a couple of years, but if you can speak to that as well, that would be super helpful? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes. So, the silicon carbide will be a headwind for us starting the second half of this year. We'll go through really be a headwind probably for the first half of next year, as well and then start to be accretive. So, the product margins are accretive. Obviously, it's the start-up cost as we ramp the production to support those LTSAs. In terms of the Belgium fab overtime, we will get – let me talk about the Maine side first is about $30 million to $35 million of fixed costs that come out over time. Now we'll be buying products from that acquirer overtime. So, as we exit, that's when we start to see the benefit. Belgium is a lower scale fab. So it's less than that. It's roughly about $20 million of fixed costs that disappear over time as well.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with Truist Securities. Please go ahead. 
William Stein: Hi, thank you for taking my question. I wonder if you can remind us what the revenue level of products that you're exiting is expected to do over the next couple of quarters? And are you done with those product exits by the end of this year? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes. So, we exited about $32 million in Q1. We don't see anything meaningful in Q2. In the second half of this year, we think there's another roughly $300 million that we would exit. And you can think about that margin has been higher than what we've done in the past. What we said is, so far, we've exited in total, $200 million, a 21% gross margin this next 300 just because of the pricing environment is higher than that, but still dilutive to overall margins. We are – as we said at our Analyst Day back in August of last year, we said it would be 10% to 15%. So in total, we've got to get somewhere around $800 million to $900 million of losses. So we will still -- as we detailed at our Analyst Day, there's still more to come in 2023. And obviously, we moved that capacity into the higher-margin products, it allows us to free up that capacity, rather than put more money in more capital into the manufacturing and move it into the high-margin products, so favorable mix.
William Stein: Great. And if I could follow up with any change in order patterns or point of sale through the channel. I think you said demand is still very stable and strong in the direct business. I wonder if that -- if you were including the channel in that or if there's any change there? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. This is Hassane. We don't see that. We -- I include demand across whether it's direct or through distribution, just to make point. Even our distribution customers, we have direct contact with them. So we have a quick touch point on the demand. We see that across the board at this point, as Thad mentioned. We're holding inventory and maintaining the distribution inventory at a historically low level in order to maintain that visibility and be able to service the demand that we need for all of our customers. So when we make comments about demand, we include direct and distribution demand in that, and all of them are within the commentary that we set highly constrained and supply is not yet meeting the demand through 2023.
William Stein: Thanks and congrats on the great results. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you.
Thad Trent: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And the next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your question, please.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, guys. First of all, congratulations on implementing an amazing turnaround. What you guys have done has just been amazing so far. Hassane and Thad, I'm kind of the -- of your business as we go into the June quarter and look the guidance, do you sort of expect something similar like what happened in 1Q where industrial and automotive grow to the same degree on a sequential basis. Or is there something else that we should think about? Maybe you could provide us some color on how we think of revenue breakdown?
Hassane El-Khoury: So, to a first order, the answer is yes. Our guide is driven by auto and industrial, more led by automotive in the second quarter, as we see more of the strength. And really, the ramps for some of our customers under the LTSAs that we talked about. So it will be about the same growth, but led by automotive.
Harsh Kumar: Great. And then, my question was on gross margin. This set of -- this incredible rise you've shown in the March quarter, I think you mentioned earlier in response to Chris Danley's question that there was an element of price increase here. Are you specifically raising prices in the channel, or is this just getting out of sort of cheaper stuff on legacy stuff and sort of implementing a mix change? So maybe you could clarify if there's an absolute dollar increase in ASPs that you're implementing?
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, it's all of the above that you mentioned. So first off, it is all led by the price-to-value discrepancies that I keep talking about, where we are recalibrating our complete demand across the value of our products. When we do that and as we mix -- we shift more to auto and industrial, which drive higher ASP and higher margin, that gives us that sustainable margin expansion that we've been seeing. So all of these are, both increase in the value of our products and a mix shift more to these increases. That's one. Two, we do have net price increases that we've talked about, that $200 million that we've exited so far or the $32 million we exited with 22% margin this quarter, that is in a favorable pricing environment. So, there is pricing increases included in that, but that's not sustainable. As we talked about, we lost that revenue. We expect another about $300 million in 2022 at dilutive margin. So, when we exit that business, our margin will have more of an expansion because of it. But that was a net price increase because we're pricing ourselves out of that market. So, that's the two buckets you can take a look at it. One is the sustainable bucket that we see forward looking and longer term and the shorter-term bucket that was net increase from where we were historically, still dilutive, but not sustainable and that will be exited throughout this year and a little bit next year.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question call at Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good morning. Hassane, I wanted to ask another question about silicon carbide. And I guess the question that I get from investors most is not inside, it's not the visibility of design wins that you have, it's the confidence that you can scale capacity with GTAT to the levels that you're forecasting. And maybe you could give a little bit of insight of how the operations are going and your confidence in being able to scale that revenue so quickly with internal supply at good margins? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. I guess the biggest vote of confidence that I the first building is already full and outputting exactly what we expected it to. And I mentioned that in my prepared remarks as far as yield and capacity or how many millimeters of substrate factory does output. So, we're on track with all of those metrics. And right now, it's no longer about the engineering side or the development. It's more about the manufacturing expansion. We've secured another site. We are on track to quadrupling our output exiting 2022 as far as, again, the number of furnaces that translate into millimeter height of substrates. High confidence, I guess, in summary, very high confidence. Our CapEx is going there. We're already generating revenue based on that material. So, all in all, I'm very bullish about the prospect and we're pushing forward supporting -- in order to support our LTSA. So that would be what I would say.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks. That's really helpful. As my follow-up question, there's been a lot of back and forth on gross margin on this call. And I think it's remarkable what you guys have done. My own view was that given the barriers of entry in power semis that the margin profile of yourselves and your competitors should be sort of higher than it's been. And we're seeing that with your results and with some of your competitors' results as well. I guess the question is how have you seen the competitive response from the rest of the players in the space to increase pricing that you've put out there, increased margins for the group everyone sort of acting rationally? Do you think this is sort of sustainable for yourself and peer companies, or do you see any kind of changes in the pricing environment from competitors that might make some of this temporary? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. That's a very good question. And obviously, I can't comment on what my competitors will do in an environment today or later, especially on pricing and so on. The only thing I can't control is what our view of the market is and our view of the pricing environment is. So I'll focus my answer on that. We view this as sustainable because it's driven by value. But I will remind everybody the portion that we acknowledge is not sustainable, is on the non-core that we plan on exiting and we price ourselves out of the market. So what does that mean? In the future where demand and supply starts to come in balance, we're not going to chase that down. Our competitors may end up hashing it out amongst themselves, but you were not going to see onsemi engaging in a pricing down to keep market share. That's not what our company is about. We're going to focus on the value. Our products today that we're focusing on are strategic and our growth are based on value we provide to customers, that pricing is stable. I don't see it going anywhere else. And for the rest of the market, let them hash it out, but we're not going to chase it down.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks very much guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good morning, and congratulations on the strong results and execution. On the non-core low margin business as you've mentioned, you're exiting another $300 million in the second half. Previously, you thought that this exit would temper the second half and full year revenue growth profile, but drive strong margins. But the team actually continues to unlock better-than-expected manufacturing efficiencies, and it does seem like you guys are getting more external supply as well. So I guess, how should we think about the profile of second half revenues versus the first half?
Thad Trent: Well, look -- Harlan, it's Thad. What we're seeing right now is we're seeing strength out there right now, right? As we said, demand continues to outstrip supply. As we've noted, we are getting more supply from our external foundry partners. We're extracting more out of our own manufacturing footprint. So that will give us some upside in the second half. Now again, keep in mind, we've got the headwind of the 300 million that will roll off. So we don't see significant growth, but we see that the second half will actually outperform the first half if you look Q3, Q4 versus Q1 and Q2.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. I appreciate the insights there. And then as my follow-up, despite the aggressive exit of the non core low-margin businesses, I mean, your other segments still drove strong 15% year-over-year growth in the quarter. In this segment, you do actually have a fast growing, high margin end market focus, which you touched upon a little bit, but this is your cloud data center and 5G infrastructure markets, right? You guys have a pretty strong portfolio, medium voltage MOSFETs, power management, analog products. You talked about the strong design win pipeline. But from a revenue perspective, I know you guys have targeted this market to go at about an 11% CAGR going forward. But just given strong data center compute spending trends, strong 5G non-China build-out activity, can you guys just give us a rough sense on how fast this part of the business is currently growing on a year-over-year basis?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, I didn't break it up specifically as far as growth. But the design win that is fueling that growth was about 33% year-over-year. This is new designs and replacing incumbents, further supporting our 11%. So the 11% we talked about, you're absolutely right. We do have growth in that other segment and that's driven by the cloud, which is key for us from a growth and margin expansion business. Our design wins, our revenue today supports a comfortable 11% growth over the next five years.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. Going back to the China potential disruption that you talked about, can you talk about how much of that is your facilities in China versus impact from your customers' manufacturing? Do you see impact from either of those? And then there were some press – press commentary that there was an image sensor specific supply coming out of China. Can you just talk if there's any disproportionate impact there? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, so it's primarily the supply disruption overall. Think about logistics, think about getting material in and out of factories and so on. So we're able to mitigate some of that by rerouting, but the lack of mobility is what is hard to judge. I don't know what commentary you're referring to on the image sensor. I can't comment on that because that did not come from – from onsemi source. I don't see any specific product impacted versus just, like I said, the logistics that everybody has been commenting about. That's really their present on the ground. And like we talked about, we do see that. We put it into our guide already. So depending on how that loosens up, we'll talk about it in the second quarter.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Raji Gill with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Raji Gill: Yes. Thank you and congratulations on the strong results across the board. Just that, going back to pricing, if I can, we talked about some of the impact of favorable pricing on the margins. But with respect to revenue, the auto industrial segment grew 42% year-over-year combined. Is there a way to kind of break that out between unit growth versus ASP growth? And it really speaks to the larger point about the sustainability of the pricing in the core business. As part of your LTA agreements you have price increases. So I just want to talk a little bit about kind of price versus units?
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, a lot of the growth in our strategic core is driven by units that we talk about the content because a lot of the price-to-value discrepancy that we talked about, that was implemented primarily in 2021. So a lot of the growth moving forward is a lot of it is content. But overall, units will be down because a lot of the exits that we've done is low ASP, low margin, high volume. So we focus our unit to where our strategic focus has been, and that's been increasing, and I mentioned that in my prepared remarks, driven a lot by the content, not just per car, from apples-to-apples, car to car, where there's more content, whether it's imaging or power, but also as we shift more into EVs that have much more content. So from that perspective, it's driven by units. The ASP is in the baseline to a first order. And as we ship more of the auto and industrial, we're going to benefit from the ASP reset that we've done in throughout 2021, which calls it, in my view sustainable as we move forward.
Raji Gill: Got it. That's really helpful. Thad, just for my follow-up is on – Thad, you talked about getting capacity from your external foundries as well as kind of better capacity from your internal factories and that's driving some upside in the second half. But you also kind of mentioned that the demand is going to supply if I heard you correctly through much of 2023. So, I just want to get a sense in terms of the demand supply conditions as you kind of look out to 2023. If we continue to be in a very kind of tight supply environment, is there a way to kind of assess the magnitude of it? Is it going to be less constrained next year but still constrained, any sense there in terms of demand to play and balance? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Yes, that's a good. So we are getting obviously some increases from foundry and some reducing bottlenecks internally in our manufacturing. But like I said, not enough to catch up to the demand. So, if I answer the question directly, we do see increase in supply through '22 and even '23. But based on where the demand is, it's not going to get into balance. And that's where I keep talking about the supply constraint because it's the supply and demand side.  Both of them increase, demand has increased at a faster rate, which keeps us a little bit behind because it takes 18 to 24 months to add capacity these days with all of the lead times and everything. Demand has been increasing. So, net-net, we're not catching up. But we have been making investments in our CapEx, but very specifically on technologies.  For example, we're not adding CapEx just across the board to increase capacity for noncore products, although that demand is still high because we plan on exiting. We're focusing our CapEx investments on EFK, on silicon carbide on some of the mixed signal analog that all drive growth and accretive margins. But net-net, we don't see us catching up.
Raji Gill: That’s super helpful.
Hassane El-Khoury: Appreciate it.
Operator: And your next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Rolland: Hey guys. Congrats on the results and especially that gross margin line. Just kind of following up on that last question then. So, are we to assume that East Fishkill, you guys are getting that in 2023, the full facility? Should we assume that, that fab is then filled? And then what is your external – as you look at internal versus external, what's the plan moving forward once East Fishkill is full? Thanks.
Thad Trent: Yes, hey Chris. It's Thad here. So, we take ownership in January of 2023. There is a plan for GLOBALFOUNDRIES to exit just as we've been ramping up over the last couple of years, they'll ramp down over three years as we continue to move production into that facility. So, we've said that our units are actually doubling this year in 2022. We'll continue to accelerate that beyond '23, but there is a three-year period where they wind down, we wind up. And our assumption right now is, yes, we have a full fab at that time. Now we've said this in the past, at that time in '23, for a couple of years, we're going to be a foundry business or GLOBALFOUNDRIES and that's at a low margin, which is a little bit of a headwind as well, but we'll be able to offset that with the cost improvements that we get across the portfolio.
Hassane El-Khoury: And long term, I'll confirm our -- what that will do for us long term are as we exit those other fabs that we've announced already and ramp East Fishkill up, fixed costs will be better overall, like the numbers that Thad talked about for Belgium and our North America fab. But net-net, capacity will increase about to 1.3x when we have the 300-millimeter on and we exit the low-scale fabs. So net-net, we see our increase from capacity, reduced fixed costs, which gets us the growth that we'll be looking for in a much better fab-lighter footprint.
Christopher Rolland: Great. And considering the 300, the fact that it's kind of spoken for, what would have to happen to consider a second 300 fab, or are there -- is there the ability to increase capacity at East Fishkill somehow?
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, there is -- of course, as GLOBALFOUNDRIES exits over the last three years, we have a lot of headroom to go for 300-millimeter capacity within that facility. And over the next five years, as we look at the outlook and where we can do, then we'll address our need for additional manufacturing event.
Christopher Rolland: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our Q&A session. I will turn the call back to the President and CEO, Hassane El-Khoury, for final remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you all for joining us today. I thank our worldwide teams for their hard work in accelerating our transformation and driving record results once again, with leadership in intelligent power and sensing solutions and exposure to fast-growing megatrends, such as vehicle electrification, ADAS, energy infrastructure and factory automation, we are well positioned to deliver sustained and profitable long-term revenue growth and margin expansion. Thank you.
Operator: And with that, we conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ON Semi Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.  Thank you. Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development, you may begin your conference.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Rob. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semi’s fourth quarter ‘21 quarterly results conference call. I am joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2021 fourth quarter earnings release will be available on our website approximately 1 hour following this conference call and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels, share count and 2022 fiscal calendar is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our most recent Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2021. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other events that may occur except as required by law. Now, let me turn over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag and thank you everyone for joining us today. As we wrap up 2021, I am extremely pleased with the progress of our transformation journey. We have positioned ON Semi as a leader in intelligent power and sensing by focusing on enabling sustainable ecosystem. We have implemented structural changes to focus our investments and resources on the megatrends of vehicle electrification, ADAS, energy infrastructure and factory automation and this is evident by our record financial performance. As we have shifted to focus of the high-value markets of automotive and industrial, post the price-to-value discrepancies and improved manufacturing efficiencies, we have expanded our margins to achieve the target model ahead of our stated timeline. Our customers view ON Semi as a strategic partner, as evidenced by the execution of multiple long-term supply agreements which provide better demand visibility for capacity planning and investments to support it. To that end, the acquisition of GTAT expands our leadership in silicon carbide and provides our customers the assurance of supply required to support this rapidly growing market. Additionally, we are exiting volatile and highly competitive non-core businesses and focusing on profitable growth and sustainable financial performance. In 2021, our revenue increased 28%, while our operating income and free cash flow increased approximately 6x faster, demonstrating the operating leverage in our model as we continue on our transformation journey. We had a successful year amid the ongoing pandemic and supply chain challenges that continue to affect the market. Our performance has only been possible, thanks to the dedication of our worldwide teams and I’d like to take the opportunity to thank them for their hard work. Moving on to the fourth quarter, our fourth quarter was yet another example of exceptional execution by our worldwide teams and a strong demand environment for our market-leading intelligent power and sensing products. Although we met our margin targets ahead of schedule, we expect that with ongoing mix optimization, the manufacturing consolidation we have begun and the continued ramp of new products, we have headroom to further expand our margins over the coming years. We continue to see strong demand for our products. And in 2021, our design win funnel grew over 60% year-over-year and our new product revenue grew 28% from 2020. This design win performance, along with long-term supply agreements have positioned the company for sustained long-term growth. The fourth quarter revenue growth was driven by additional capacity coming online from our investments earlier in the year and an accelerated focus to free up existing capacity to service our strategic markets consistent with our stated goal of exiting low margin non-core products. We are making selective investments in our internal operations to expand capacity for strategic products. And at the same time, we are relieving bottlenecks in our internal manufacturing operations. We have also been successful in securing additional capacity from our external manufacturing partners. Long-term, we are qualifying products in the 300 millimeter East Fishkill facility to increase the efficiency of our fab network, while executing our fab lighter strategy. This will allow us to further expand both the capacity for products in our strategic markets and our gross margin over time given the cost benefits. The current supply demand imbalance in the semiconductor industry will likely persist through 2022 and continue into 2023. Based on interactions with our customers and channel partners, we believe that the semiconductor inventory throughout the supply chain remains low and lead times are stretched for the industry. This supply constraint is further compounded by accelerating demand for electric vehicles, ADAS, energy infrastructure and factory automation and the increase of content in these applications. During the fourth quarter, we saw an increase of approximately $600 million in committed revenue for our silicon carbide products, bringing our current committed revenue to over $2.6 billion through 2024. Over 70% of this committed revenue is for electric vehicle traction applications with the integrated end-to-end supply chain and market-leading efficiency of our silicon carbide products as our competitive advantage. To support the steep growth in our silicon carbide revenue over the next few years, we plan to more than quadruple the capacity of our substrate operations exiting 2022 and intend on making substantial investments in expanding our device and module capacity. In 2022, we expect our silicon carbide revenue to more than double year-over-year as we continue to ramp with our existing customers and begin shipments to new customers under our LTSAs. We remain on track to exit 2023 with a silicon carbide run-rate of $1 billion per year. In addition, we continue to make progress on the 200 millimeter silicon carbide development program that we acquired from GTAT. In January, we received finished 200-millimeter thick wafers with device yields meeting our production targets. These wafers were manufactured using our full capabilities from boards  to substrate all the way through our own fabs. Our silicon carbide modules are powering the recently announced Mercedes EQXX research prototype electric vehicle platform, which has a range of 620 miles on a single charge. We secured this design based on all around superior performance of our modules across efficiency, thermal conduction and switching. This win clearly demonstrates our technical leadership and end-to-end supply chain capabilities for silicon carbide. Our focus on power modules for alternative energy applications delivered a 42% year-over-year growth in our design funnel in 2021. We have signed LTSAs with key players in the solar inverter market, including the top two market share leaders. We expect our renewable energy related revenue to grow by over 50% year-over-year in 2022 and expect the alternative energy market to be a long-term driver for our business as utility scale power plant installations are expected to grow worldwide to reduce the climate impact of fossil fuel-based power plants. On the intelligent sensing front, our automotive imaging revenue grew by more than 20% quarter-over-quarter and approximately 40% year-over-year as we continue to see momentum in advanced safety with new design wins. With consumers’ desire for additional safety features and an improved driving experience, we are seeing increased penetration of sensing in cars, including image sensors and ultrasonic sensing. At the same time, content per car is growing with each camera attached to one of our PMICs. We are also seeing accelerating demand for our imaging products for industrial and factory automation, in which revenue grew by approximately 10% quarter-over-quarter and 43% year-over-year. Industrial customers are investing in automation at an increased pace to improve efficiency and to reduce volatility in operations due to wage inflation and labor shortages, onshoring and social distancing mandates. We have leveraged our experience in the automotive market to offer our industrial customers rugged, high resolution and high image quality sensors for the most demanding industrial applications. All of these execution vectors delivered a robust margin performance exceeding our target gross margin of 45% significantly ahead of schedule. This accelerated gross margin expansion was driven by a strong and accelerated execution in closing price-to-value discrepancy, cost reduction initiatives, a focused drive on ramping new products, a deliberate intent to shift more capacity to products for our strategic markets and operational efficiencies across our manufacturing footprint, all consistent with the strategy outlined at our Analyst Day. Along with making operational changes to drive the margin expansion, we are refining our execution in the channel to ensure that our partners are focused on driving growth in automotive and industrial end markets consistent with our strategy. Throughout the year, our team worked extremely hard to pull in the schedule for engineering and operations effort dedicated to margin improvements to offset some increased material costs we have incurred. We have worked to improve yields and ship more units into the automotive and industrial end markets, which deliver an improved margin profile for our business and help support more of our customers’ demand. In the fourth quarter, automotive and industrial grew 10% quarter-over-quarter to 63% of our revenue as compared to 61% in the third quarter, both delivering record quarters of $641 million and $522 million respectively. In a supply-constrained environment, this growth came from the increased units we could ship and more importantly, from the strategic mix shift away from non-core, low margin business that we intended to exit. In 2021, we walked away from $170 million of non-core business with an average gross margin of 20%. Now, I will turn the call over to Thad to provide additional details on our financials and guidance. Thad?
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. I will start out with providing an overview of our results for the full year of 2021, then step through the Q4 results and guidance for the first quarter of ‘22 and wrap up with an update to our long-term model. 2021 was an exceptional year as we transformed the company to drive sustainable performance and shareholder value. We have pivoted to align our investments to the high-growth megatrends in the automotive and industrial, while implementing structural changes, capturing value for our differentiated portfolio and optimizing our manufacturing footprint to increase efficiency and improve our cost structure. These initiatives are translating into financial results as we achieved our record annual and quarterly revenue, gross margin, operating margin and cash flow. Our 2021 revenue was $6.74 billion, increasing 28.3% over 2020. Our automotive business increased 36% year-over-year and our industrial revenue increased 33% as we continue to see content gains in each segment driven by automation, electrification and advanced safety. Our non-GAAP gross margins for the year improved 770 basis points to 40.4% and we exited the year exceeding our 45% long-term target in Q4. Since embarking on our transformation journey a year ago, we have improved our non-GAAP gross margins by 1,080 basis points. 2021 operating income and free cash flow increased approximately 6x faster than revenue, with non-GAAP operating margin improving to 21.9%, while free cash flow increased to $1.3 billion or 20% of revenue. While we have had significant achievements over the last year, we are excited about the opportunities in front of us. Our design win funnel for intelligent power and sensing is expanding at a rapid rate and we are securing additional capacity to support our growth from external partners and with selective internal investments for strategic products. From a margin perspective, we expect mix optimization and our fab lighter strategy to drive further expansion. Our long-term supply agreements are providing increased visibility for revenue growth and we are confident that the structural changes and decisions we made last year solidified our baseline to allow for sustainable margin expansion over the long-term. Consistent with our fab lighter strategy, we have taken the first steps towards rationalizing our manufacturing footprint by entering into a definitive agreement for the sale of our 6-inch fab in Belgium. This transaction provides our employees with continued deployment and growth opportunities, while allowing ON Semi to transition product to other manufacturing sites in an orderly manner. By transitioning production to more efficient fabs within our network, we will eliminate fixed cost and lower unit cost while ensuring a consistent supply of products to our customers. We expect to close this divestiture in the first quarter of 2022 and the savings will be realized over 1 to 3 years as we exit the Belgium site. Turning to the results for the fourth quarter, as I noted, Q4 was another quarter of record results. Total revenue for the fourth quarter was $1.85 billion, an increase of 28% over the fourth quarter of 2020 and 6% quarter-over-quarter. The sequential increase in revenue was driven by units shipped increasing 5.7% sequentially and favorable mix and pricing across all end markets. Revenue from both intelligent power and intelligent sensing was at record levels, while revenue from our strategic end markets of automotive and industrial increased sequentially 11% and 9%, respectively. Auto and industrial was 63% of total revenue as compared to 59% in the fourth quarter of 2020. Turning to the business units, revenue for the Power Solutions Group or PSG was $953.4 million, an increase of 33% year-over-year. Revenue for the Advanced Solutions Group, or ASG, was $647.3 million, an increase of 24% year-over-year. Revenue for Intelligent Sensing Group, or ISG, for the fourth quarter was $245.4 million, an increase of 18% year-over-year. GAAP gross margins for the fourth quarter was 45.1% and non-GAAP gross margin was 45.2%, a 370 basis point improvement quarter-over-quarter. The key contributors to our margin expansion have been favorable mix shift to higher margin and strategic products, elimination of price-to-value discrepancies in our portfolio and improved efficiencies in our manufacturing operations. Over the last year, we have exited approximately $170 million of non-core revenue at an average gross margin of 20% and allocated this capacity to strategic products with accretive gross margins. Our factory utilization was 81%, up slightly from the Q3 level of 80% and we expect utilization to remain approximately at this level in Q1. We also achieved record quarterly GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins of 26% and 28.6% respectively, in the fourth quarter, again achieving our long-term model. GAAP earnings per share for the fourth quarter, was $0.96 and non-GAAP EPS was $1.09 per diluted share as compared to $0.35 in the fourth quarter of 2020 and $0.87 in Q3. We are very proud of our teams for having achieved the highest ever quarterly EPS reported by the company. So, now let me give you some additional numbers for your models. GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $352 million as compared to $330 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $306 million as compared to $292 million in the quarter a year ago. Variable compensation driven by our strong performance, partially offset by cost optimization measures, contributed to year-over-year increase in operating expenses. We expect to maintain our non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately 17% of revenue, consistent with our target model. We intend to offset the impact of wage inflation on operating expenses through higher efficiency and reallocation of resources to drive growth and margin expansion. Our GAAP diluted share count was 445.3 million shares and our non-GAAP diluted share count was 438.4 million. Please note that we have an updated reference table on the Investor Relations section of our website to assist you with calculating our diluted share count in various share prices. Turning to the Q4 balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents was $1.3 billion after payment of $416 million for the GSAT acquisition in Q4. We had $1.97 billion undrawn on our revolver. Cash from operations was $627 million and free cash flow was $457 million or approximately 25% of revenue. Capital expenditures during the fourth quarter were $169.6 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 9%. For the full year 2021, capital intensity was 6.6%. As we indicated previously, we are directing a significant portion of our capital expenditures towards enabling our 300 millimeter capabilities at the East Fishkill fab and the expansion of silicon carbide capacity. This increase is in line with the higher capital intensity in the near-term as mentioned in our Analyst Day. Accounts receivable was $809 million, resulting in DSO of 40 days. Inventory increased $52 million sequentially to $1.4 billion and days of inventory increased 5 days to 124 days. The increase in inventory was driven primarily by additional build of bridge inventory to support the fab transition. Distribution inventory increased $50 million to 7.3 weeks from 6.8 weeks in Q3. This slight increase was driven by timing of shipments late in the quarter, weeks of inventory returned to Q3 levels within the first 2 weeks of Q1. Total debt was $3.1 billion and our net leverage is now under 1x. Turning to guidance for the fourth quarter, the table detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is provided in the press release related to our fourth quarter results. Let me now provide you key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the fourth quarter. Based on current market trends and booking levels, we believe demand will outpace supply for much of 2022 and we continue to work with our strategic customers to ensure long-term uninterrupted supply. We continue to increase supply through operational efficiencies, selective investments and capacity for strategic products and by working with our external partners to obtain additional capacity. Based on current bookings trends, backlog levels, we anticipate that revenue for the first quarter will be in the range of $1.85 billion to $1.95 billion. We expect non-GAAP gross margins between 45.5% and 47.5%. This includes share-based compensation of $3.4 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $298 million to $313 million, including share-based compensation of $17.4 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP OIE will be $21 million to $25 million, and this results in non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $0.98 to $1.10. As we have guided in the past, our non-GAAP tax will increase starting in Q1 from our historical rate of 6% to approximately 17.5% as we have substantially utilized our NOL attributes. This change accounts for approximately $0.14 of EPS at the midpoint of our guidance for the first quarter. We expect total capital expenditures of $150 million to $170 million in the first quarter. As we indicated at our Analyst Day, our capital intensity in the near-term will be higher as we ramp up silicon carbide production and invest in 300-millimeter capabilities. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the first quarter is expected to be approximately 441 million shares. As I wrap up, I’d like to shift gears to address our long-term model. Our Q4 non-GAAP gross margin of 45.2% exceeded our gross margin target ahead of our anticipated time line through an acceleration of our expansion initiatives and structural changes. As such, we are raising our 2025 targeted gross margin to 48% to 50% which will be primarily driven by favorable mix as we phase out of low-margin non-core products and ramp new products in our strategic end markets. We will also continue executing on our fab lighter strategy to reduce our fixed cost structure and overall product costs across the portfolio as we exit subscale fabs over a multiyear period. To provide a framework for this expansion, we expect 2022 gross margins in the range of 46.5% to 47.5% based on our visibility today. So our new long-term non-GAAP model is as follows: gross margins of 48% to 50%; OpEx of 17%; and operating income of 31% to 33%, an increase of 300 to 500 basis points over our previous model of 28%. We believe our early success in our transformation initiatives has positioned ON Semi to drive sustained and long-term revenue growth and margin expansion. These results and outlook are only possible with the dedication of our worldwide team focused on execution and delivery of exceptional value for our customers. With that, I’d like to start the Q&A. I’ll turn the call back over to Rob to open the line for questions.
Operator:  And your first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Good morning, guys. Thanks for let me asking question. Congratulations on the results. I guess is on the first question, Thad, is on the revenue side. You talked a lot about the demand exceeding supply, a lot of good design wins and LTSAs, etcetera. I wanted to dive into the things you’re walking away from. I think you said last year, you got out of about $170 million of business. It seems like there is about $600 million more coming. So Thad, you gave a good outlook on the gross margin for the year. I know you’re not going to guide revenue every quarter for this year. But I wondered how that incremental exiting process is going to hit and then kind of at what pace we should be thinking that?
Thad Trent: Yes. Let me start with the second part of your question there on the exit. We’ve exited $170 million in 2021. So as we look into ‘22, we think we will exit more of that in the second half of the year just based on the environment that we see today. So we think there is another piece. But as we said, this exit will take 3 years plus to get out completely of that entire 10% to 15% that we said we exit. But we really think it’s back-end loaded.
Ross Seymore: Got it. Thanks for the color. And then the gross margin news, I think, is the news of the day, whether it was the quarter to guide or the long-term model update. So I just wanted to understand a little bit more deeply, what was the surprise? Were you guys just conservative back in August? It wasn’t that long ago and you’ve already hit the target. So what’s going better than expected? And I think some people might believe that there is some cyclical tailwinds that might not persist? I know you seem to disagree with that, but a breakdown of what surprised you and how much is structural will be helpful?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. This is Hassane. Look, we had a plan. The plan happened faster than we thought. Obviously, our plan was tied to a lot of the operational efficiencies and the self-help that we’ve done. We were able to pull in a lot of it given the demand environment. We were able to much faster shift to our strategic products. As you saw, auto and industrial, which for us drive a higher margin as part of the mix shift have grown sequentially and for the year and outpaced the growth of the other markets that we are walking away from to have that capacity to be able to allocate to our strategic markets. And of course, we’ve been on a trajectory of bridging the price-to-value discrepancies. So we’ve been able to close a lot of that, mostly to offset our rise in costs. So all of these have been part of the plan, but the macro allowed us to accelerate them. Because of the demand environment, we are able to walk away from business and move the capacity to a better mix shift aligned with our stated strategy. So that’s what accelerated. It’s not about conservative. It’s about the unknown and the disruptions that we’ve been seeing in 2021, but the team pulled together, whether it’s from improved yield that drove more units. All of these are sustainable because the mix shift is not related to a market. All markets are up, but we are choosing what to support aligned with our long-term supply agreements and those extend beyond the next few years, and that gives us the visibility and the sustainability of those results.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. Congrats on another good result and guidance. I guess on the gross margin guidance going forward, it looks kind of flattish for the time being. Can you just talk about the puts and the takes? What’s going to be pushing those up? And then also what’s going to be keeping a lid on them? Is it the material cost or something else?
Thad Trent: Yes, Chris, this is Thad. There is a number of elements in there, and you kind of hit on it. So we are expecting additional input costs going up. We have been successful in passing those on to the customers, but we do expect that happening. And as Hassane said in the previous response, we pulled in a lot of the acceleration of the gross margin initiatives. We think there is more here. I think our biggest challenge is we’ve gotten a lot of operational efficiencies here. And can we just get more throughput out of our manufacturing footprint? But we do see improvement. If you look at the guidance that I put out for the year, you see improvement through the year. And obviously, with our long-term model of the 48 to 50, we don’t think we’re done.
Chris Danely: And for my follow-up, can you just be a little more specific on the impact and timing of the Fishkill fab from a, I guess, a margin impact and the capacity impact as well?
Thad Trent: Yes. So we take ownership in early ‘23. At that time, we have been running production in there. We will continue to increase production in there. And then there is a period of time where we continue to ramp up and GLOBALFOUNDRIES ramps down. So during that time, there is a little bit of a headwind as we’re providing some foundry services to global foundries until we ramp up. So you can think about a little bit of a headwind for a couple of years there, but there is an orderly transition between the two of them. So that is all baked into our long-term plan as well, and long-term model.
Chris Danely: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hassane, I’m curious, what’s your visibility of inventory of semiconductor components at auto OEMs and Tier 1s? Just from an industry perspective, right, there still seems to be a delta between auto production and semiconductor industry shipments. Is that all mix or pricing? Just conceptually, what are you seeing out there? And what is the right way to think about the sustainable content delta when we look at the automotive production improving this year?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, the delta is pretty straightforward. The delta between units shipped in automotive and semiconductor is purely based on the mix that our customers are building. When we’ve been throughout 2021 in a supply constraint, we remain in that same supply constraint in – through 2022 into 2023. So therefore, our customers are doing kind of what we’re doing. They are moving production to their strategic and high-value product line, which for semiconductor translate into more content. When you have premium vehicles being built, they historically and even today, have much higher content to the level of 2 to 3x more content of semiconductors per vehicle. That’s what you see the discrepancy between the two. That’s a healthy discrepancy because I’ve always talked about content being the biggest driver for us regardless of what the SAAR does. 2021 is exactly that. Now you can talk about what the long-term implications of this. I don’t see that being any different. We’ve always guided automotive being much higher than SAAR and that’s related because electrification is happening. You’ve seen those announcements from a lot of the OEMs, where they are doubling down on EVs. That drives much higher content for us in the future than even it is today. Safety. I talked about more and more sensing going into vehicles, and that drives a lot of our cross-selling as well between our sensing and our PMIC. So, all of these are driving a higher growth of semiconductor than your unit growth was SAAR. So it’s very reasonable of what the results are this year and what we’re looking at for 2022. So I don’t see that as just a short-term thing because the macro trends extend beyond the next 3 years.
Vivek Arya: Alright. And so for my follow-up, also interested in your views on the silicon carbide opportunity, so you gave us a few numbers about the exit run rate and the long-term agreements you were signing and where having investors are trying to get their arms around is we hear of a lot of big numbers and pipeline from some of your U.S. competitors, some of the European competitors. Is this a case of just a rising tide, so there can be 4, 5, 6 successful suppliers? Is there going to be some kind of differentiation between suppliers because everyone is reporting very large pipeline? So I’m curious, what is ON’s differentiation? And does it change your long-term CapEx forecast? Because I saw that you updated the margin forecast, but you get free cash flow forecast the same. Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: So let me just – I want to highlight some difference between what I talk about and what some of my peers talk about. I don’t talk about funnel or pipeline. I’m talking about committed revenue, which is the output of the funnel fully yielded. Committed revenue is what I labeled it. That is more certain and more visibility than the game of big numbers of funnel disclosures. I don’t disclose funnel or pipeline or whatever we want to label it. So the comments on the numbers, the big numbers I gave are committed revenue under LTSAs that we are building our supply chain in order to service starting – we exited 2021, and I said we’re going to be more than doubling in 2022. That’s where the committed revenue comes in. Now as far as what that’s going to look like in the industry, look, there is a lot of demand out there, a lot of investments from our customers going into the silicon carbide for electric vehicles. Is it going to be six players or so? I don’t know. I know we’re going to be in the top based on our investments and based on the results of our technology performance on efficiency, but also more importantly, the supply assurance that we’re able to give our customers. When you want to double the revenue and your flagship customers are depending on you having supply assurance and controlling rolls all the way to wafers is a competitive advantage. And not a lot can claim that. And I’m happy that we have closed the GTAT and we’re performing very well. We’re going to be expanding the GTAT capability throughout 2022 in order to support those committed revenues that I mentioned.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question and congrats on the strong results. I had two as well. Curious how you’re thinking about full year ‘22 revenue growth at this point? I think 3 months ago, you had guided us to think about ‘22 as a year where you guys undergo the market just given some of the dynamics that are ongoing from a portfolio optimization standpoint. Is that still the case? And I asked the question because you guys talked about obviously, the strong design win funnel, the improving supply backdrop. And if we take the midpoint of your Q1 guidance, Q1 revenue is going to be up 28%. So just curious how you are thinking about the full year?
Thad Trent: Yes, Toshi, we don’t guide for the full year. I’ll give you a little bit of a framework to work on, though. One of the previous calls or answers questions was around the exit in of the business that I said would be back-half loaded. I think when we look at the full year, taking that into consideration, we’re probably growing around market, maybe slightly above.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That’s helpful. And then as my follow-up on that last point, Thad, the $500 million or so in revenue that you’ll be exiting, I guess, over the next couple of years. How should we think about the gross margin profile on that part of the business. I think the $170 million that you’ve already exited you talked about a 20% gross margin profile. Should we be thinking about a higher gross margin profile given the strong market backdrop? Thanks.
Thad Trent: Yes, it is today. Last quarter, we talked about the $100 million that we exited at 15%, now that’s up to $170 million at a combined gross margin of 20%. So if you think about that incremental $70 million, it’s about a 25% gross margin today. So the next piece that we’re going to walk away from is in that range is slightly higher, but the challenge is when the market comes back, that’s the margin that’s going to drop fast if we continue maintain that. So as we exit that, we will swap that out for more accretive margins. But today, yes, it’s slightly ahead of or slightly above that 25% that I just talked about.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your line is open.
Josh Buchalter: Hi, guys. This is Josh Buchalter on behalf of Matt. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the results. In the prepared remarks, you gave some helpful color on the unit growth. I was wondering as we think about the margins, is there anything you can give us to help us understand how much is being lifted by pricing versus the mix shifts that you previously outlined? And when I asked about pricing, I mean for the overall market. Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes. So in our prepared remarks, we really kind of broke it down into favorable mix, pricing and manufacturing optimization in terms of just getting more out and increasing our capacity to reduce our manufacturing costs. That’s really the Pareto, if you think about the sequence of what is driving the gross margin improvement. And that’s what we continue to see as we go forward. We think the favorable mix, as we swap out of this low-margin, non-core business, we focus more on auto and industrial which drives a higher gross margin. That’s the primary driver of gross margin expansion. And then obviously, the manufacturing footprint going forward will be the next piece.
Josh Buchalter: That’s helpful, thank you. And then within your silicon carbide business the size of your design wins continue to come in very strong, I was wondering within your broader high-voltage portfolio, are you also seeing share gains in your IGBTs, which have typically been dominated by some of your peers over in Europe and Asia? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, this is Hassane. The answer is yes. We are seeing an uptick. Obviously, the LTSA is a long-term supply agreement that I mentioned, focusing on silicon carbide. We do have long-term supply agreements for IGBT. Those are net increases from our baseline. Therefore, I would consider those share gains away from some of our peers that have dominated that market. So we do see the uptick in both in our LTSAs. So you can think about it as ramping as well over the next few years into those LTSAs.
Josh Buchalter: Thanks, guys. Congrats, again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Hi, guys. First of all, congratulations on a very stunning turnaround, Hassane, you have gotten pretty deep into the silicon carbide market, making the acquisition of GTAT. I was curious, but now the emphasis on silicon carbide on for, call it, 6 to 9 months to a year. Have there been any surprises, whether good ones or bad ones. I’d be curious about your color on it?
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, there have been surprises. I would say the surprises are on the positive side. If you recall back in my first earnings, I was very bullish on the company’s capabilities on silicon carbide, which I called a favorable surprise walking in the door. That remains. And I would say the positive surprise is, number one, our capabilities into quickly getting to the 200-millimeter with the GTAT acquisition, closing the GTAT acquisition and solidifying our baseline as a pull on silicon carbide providers to our customers. And more importantly, a very competitive road map, not just at what we’re providing today, but the customers’ reaction to our roadmap conversations that we’ve had for the next 5 years or so. All of these have been very favorable that gets me very bullish about our silicon carbide. And that’s the reason in all honesty, our strategy is to double down on it, both from a technology development side. And you heard me talk about the aggressive ramp that we’ve – we’re doing in 2022 in order to support that doubling every year of our silicon carbide revenue starting with the quadrupling of the GTAT capabilities exiting 2022. All of these are, I would say, positive developments. This is where our investment is coming in, and I remain very bullish on our capabilities and the outlook of our silicon carbide business.
Harsh Kumar: Great. Thanks, Hassane. And then as you look at some of the changes you guys have made structurally to the ON business, getting into silicon carbide getting into focusing on some new areas that are high growth, how should we think not the near-term or the midterm but the longer term growth rate of the company. How should we think about that as maybe industry growth rate plus x percentage, what would that number be?
Hassane El-Khoury: We’re talking about. You can think about it over the long-term, about 2x of the industry given the content gains that we’re getting, but also being over the next few years moving more and more towards the mega trends that are driving the content like EVs and ADAS. All of these are going to drive our 2x market growth over the longer term as we exit some of those businesses that we – that Thad just talked about. But more importantly, it’s not just the EV. There is a lot more also investment in content growth in the alternative energy business, where I talked about we are seeing 50% growth in ‘22. That’s going to remain over a multiyear period. All of those are net revenue increases for us because they are new markets. So that’s going to keep fueling that growth. So you can see it both on the automotive and industrial and of course, the cloud business where that investment is going to keep going. So, all of these are going to fuel our growth because of our exposure to those megatrends.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks, guys. Congratulations, again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Hi, Hassane. Great quarter and guidance – sorry margins. Just a quick question on the silicon carbide side, I know you mentioned $2.6 billion in basically committed revenue. Just wondering how that should – what should be the contribution for 2022 from that? I know you said $1 billion a year. But is that what would be incremental to 2022 and if you can give some margin profile on that business as well? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So we’re – I’m not guiding the silicon carbide in ‘22 other than saying it’s going to more than double from the 2021 as we ramp the existing customers we have in 2021 plus layering on top of that, the LTSAs that start in 2022 and go through 2024. So we have a multiyear visibility on our silicon carbide LTSAs that will get us to exiting ‘23 with the $1 billion run rate. That foundation is ramping. We have started ramping. We will be ramping in the – heavily in the second half of ‘22 and that’s for the full year. It will be more than 2x what it was in 2021. For margin profile, obviously, that margin profile as we ramp into our CapEx expansion is going to be accretive. Today obviously  our margin profile and our margin guide is fully loaded, meaning it includes all of our start-up costs for silicon carbide. So that gives you kind of the accretive nature of our silicon carbide over a long time.
Thad Trent: Yes. Just to be clear, so in the short-term, the silicon carbide ramp is dilutive to margins because we have the start-up costs. But over the long-term, it is accretive to our corporate average.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And just on the GTAT side. Obviously, very good to see you guys are pivoting to that. It’s obviously EV and silicon carbide are huge markets. And you’re quadrupling the capacity there. But can you give us some color on how that translates the quadrupling of silicon carbide capacity, how that translates to your silicon carbide wafer capacity or how much of your revenue will be addressed internally with that quadrupling? Thanks. That’s it.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, our intent to have a majority of our demand supported by our internal capability. Obviously, we are also partner – we have outside sources that we are able to flex capacity during bumps in ramp. But if you think about the quadrupling of our output from GTAT by the end of ‘22, you can think about it as putting that infrastructure for the supply over the next few years. I talked about more than doubling in ‘22. We are going to double again from that by – in ‘23. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks this quarter and last quarter, that’s what’s going to be supported by the GTAT. But today, we do have still a mix. But our – as we ramp up the GTAT capability and really the capacity expansion I talked about is moving more and more of our substrate internal.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Just a question on pricing and what’s been happening there and I guess there is two elements of pricing. The ASP increases because of the mix shift and then pricing on individual products. Can you speak about how much of a tailwind that’s been and where you see that going as you go into 2022?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So, if you look at – 2022 is going to be majority of a mix shift. Most of the price or cost increases that we are incurring, we are absorbing through yield improvement or operational efficiencies. So, that’s going to be minimal. But the primary driver is going to be a mix shift based on really the new baseline that we have achieved exiting Q4, that new mix shift is going to keep and maintain the margin profile that we have on our product. And of course, it’s going to keep sustaining based on that mix shift we are going to be shipping – given the profile we know already in 2022 being fully booked. So, that on the gross margin. The value – price-to-value discrepancies we have seen a couple of points I will make. In the strategic markets that is sustainable. That’s a new – that’s the value of our products that we have in the baseline today. The only I guess, pricing actions that will not be sustainable is in that non-core business that Thad talked about that we will be exiting as the supply comes online from some of our peers. We are not going to chase that price down. Today, it’s more favorable than it has been historically, still dilutive, but more favorable. But we don’t plan on maintaining that business. We will be exiting that. So, that price – that portion of that business where price, I don’t see that as being sustainable is not going to be a drag on margin because we plan on exiting, and that’s all part of the guide that Thad talked about. Everything that remains with our profile and our mix shift is what I would call sustainable profile. And that’s where we expect our forward-looking mix to be.
Chris Caso: Got it. Helpful. Thank you. So, for a follow-up question, if you could give us some numbers around the Belgium fab sale, what’s the cost and margin impact on that over time? And when we do some of those benefits start layering in?
Thad Trent: Yes. So, we won’t – this is Thad. We won’t see the benefit until we fully exit the fab. So as I have said, it will take 1 year to 3 years. When we are totally out of that fab, you can think about $25 million of annualized fixed cost coming off the company. In the short-term, when the buyer takes over that fab will basically paying the equivalent cost of what we have today. But as we exit, you will see a benefit over that timeframe - over that time period.
Chris Caso: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good morning guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions. Congratulations on the solid results. Just going back to channel inventory, you said it’s back to six weeks to eight weeks after a kind of a pop on linearity at the end of the fourth quarter. Can you help us understand what’s the normalized level that you guys are thinking about, and how long it might take to get back to that normalized level?
Thad Trent: Yes. So today, we think about normalized level has kind of been in that six-week to seven-week range given the supply constraints. As you know, we are holding inventory on our balance sheet rather than shipping into the channel. We are making sure that inventory is going to our strategic customers, and we are allocating it appropriately, whether it’s through the channel or whether it’s direct. By holding that inventory, we can control where it goes. So, in the short-term, I think we popped up to 7.3% from 6.8%. I think that’s kind of the normal range of what we are going to be looking at probably for the remainder of this year. I think when you look further out there, we are probably looking something around 10 weeks, plus or minus I think is what we will be doing. I mean obviously, we have got to see where this market kind of shakes out and when we would do that. But I think for the foreseeable future, it’s six weeks to seven weeks.
John Pitzer: Got it. And then I also thought I heard you say that unit volumes drove most of the sequential growth in the December quarter. One, is that true? And if it is, I am just kind of curious if you can help us walk through kind of the incremental margin leverage and what drove that cyclically because by my math, the exiting of the businesses only gave you about 70 bps. It sounds like most of it was unit driven. I know that utilization was up. Can you just help me kind of square that circle a little bit?
Thad Trent: Yes. So, we – revenue was up 6%. Units were up 5.7%. You are right. So, the top end revenue came from additional units being shipped primarily and then obviously a mix shift in the higher margins. So, when you think about the gross margin improvement sequentially, it is more shift into – the more favorable shift into the strategic markets. We did get operational efficiencies, which is reducing our manufacturing cost as well. And then as I said, there was a slight pricing increase as well as that we are seeing kind of in the market as we are passing on additional cost to our customers that we have been seeing.
Hassane El-Khoury: And I think about it, the auto and industrial where – that was the recipient of the mix shift that we have from the non-core, the business that we exited, that also drives just a higher ASP also just because of the market mix, and that’s why we favor those markets from a strategy perspective. So, it’s the unit at a higher ASP.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. And then if I could just sneak one in on the silicon carbide market. When you talk about longer term, this being accretive to your model, I am just kind of curious how you are thinking about kind of the global capacity for silicon carbide wafers versus kind of the incremental value add that your IP can bring to bear. To what extent are you going to be sort of a prisoner to global supply demand where we have to figure out kind of a CapEx model? And to what extent, are you not going to be prisoner to that because you bring something unique to the table?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, we – I have always said that nobody wins because you have material. Nobody wins because you have supply assurance, which makes everybody comfortable and competitive advantages. But what you win is the efficiency of your products. That’s how customers look at it. Nobody is going to take an inferior product for a flagship EV that they are ramping just because you have supply. But they will select the supplier which they have selected us because of our product performance, our roadmap, and they will get more comfortable and more bullish just like I am when we have the supply assurance to support their ramp. That’s what’s going to be kind of the landscape moving forward. So, having our supply and assurance of supply and really controlling our fate with the substrate through the GTAT acquisition that we closed gives us that baseline that we are able to ramp from, but we remain winning based on efficiency of our products and the aggressiveness of our roadmap.
John Pitzer: Perfect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks, guys. Congrats and congrats on that gross margin guide in particular. I guess my first question for either of you guys. The LTSAs, I think I missed maybe some of the details there. But if you could describe kind of what percentage of revenue falls under LTSAs today? And then looking out to 2025, I mean we know what you guys did with LTSAs at Cypress. But what are your plans for – what percentage of revenue by, call it, 2025 might be under LTSA?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I am not giving percent covered in LTSA. I can tell you in 2022, we are sold out. We are fully booked. Anything incremental we get is going to come from efficiencies that we get through the year in units that we are able to ship. So, 2022 kind of – that’s how you can think about it. 2023 are LTSAs that I keep referring to extend through 2024. Our focus on LTSA is on strategic. And obviously, there is always that the net loss that we are talking about, the 10% to 15% that we are – obviously, that’s not under LTSA. We are going to be replacing that with an aggressive new product ramp. So, I am not talking about percent under LTSAs, but I can tell you, the visibility is higher than it’s ever been in the company. And it doesn’t – it extends much beyond 2022.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks Hassane. And then for my second question, the exited business that you guys did. I think you said $170 million at 20% gross margin. I was wondering how much of that might be left. And then secondly, if a downturn were to occur and you guys needed to still fill your fabs, could you reengage successfully with those accounts, or do you think that ship has sailed?
Hassane El-Khoury: No. Look, I will answer the second part because that’s an important pillar of the strategy. The answer is we are not going to chase after it because think about it this way. If there is a market downturn, that business is highly dilutive. I mean you can think about the 15% to 25% margin today, that’s in a favorable pricing environment. So, you can imagine in a down market, that revenue or that margin is way worse than it is now at that 20%. So, the answer is we are not going to chase after it. Strategically, we are walking away from it regardless of what the market does. What we are doing in the meantime to make sure that our – is our manufacturing optimization is as we are exiting those, we are resizing our manufacturing footprint in order to prevent under-loading that historically has plagued the company. So, that’s going to give us that sustainable margin that we are delivering. So, even in a downturn, we are not going to get the drag from gross margin because of mix. We are going to be in a favorable mix regardless of what the market does from a margin perspective. And we are working on our manufacturing optimization, like I talked about with the Belgium fab and then ramping up the East Fishkill where we have scaled fab through our fab lighter strategy in order to sustain that and prevent under-loading. So, we are not going to run after bad business no matter what the market does. That’s strategically our direction.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks Hassane.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Thanks for taking my question. I will add my congratulations on the great results and outlook. I am wondering if you can dig a little bit more into the LTSAs just asked about. But specifically, do these look like sort of committed volume where specific orders are allocated as the demand becomes more clear in other words, sort of just volume commitments, or are these more like hard purchase orders placed in sort of a blanket fashion.
Hassane El-Khoury: So, I will answer, if I understood the question correctly. The LTSAs are committed both volume and pricing that gives us the visibility and they are committed on mix. So, it’s not a blanket LTSA of some revenue number. It is associated to a mix because that’s what we are using in order to decide on where to expand our capacity, which is purely on our strategic products. What we don’t want is just the blanket capacity expansion in good or bad days. So, we are focusing our capacity expansion on where the LTSAs are. And again, the LTSAs goes down in volume, price and mix. It’s the best visibility we have. And like I said, extend over a multiyear period because capacity we are putting in today is really impacting ‘23 and ‘24, ‘22 is kind of – it is what it is. And that’s why I say it’s fully committed year as far as mix and volume, plus some of the efficiencies that I talked about will get throughout the year.
William Stein: That helps. And then just a clarification on that last point as well, it sounds like lead times are beyond 52 weeks at this point, is that correct? Have they extended further during the quarter? And maybe a similar question around backlog, has that…
Thad Trent: The lead times are very consistent. They are right around 45 weeks plus or minus, consistent with what we have seen in the past couple of quarters, so, no major change on that. Backlog continues to be very strong. It’s outpacing supply. This is purely a supply game right now in terms of just catching up with demand.
Hassane El-Khoury: And just to clarify my comment that anything now is for 2023 is more on CapEx, not on really supply and demand perspective, meaning installing CapEx through ‘22 will really impact your capacity expansion in ‘23.
William Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Congratulations on the solid results and execution. Good to see the sale of the Belgium fab. I know it’s going to take a few years to see the benefits of this. I believe that you guys had targeted total fixed cost reductions from smaller fab exits to drive about $125 million, $150 million of fixed costs over the next few years. Is most of this fixed cost reduction still ahead of the team? And have you been able to actually find more opportunities for fixed cost reductions?
Thad Trent: Yes. Harlan, it’s Thad. That number is still the targeted number that we are going after. As I have said earlier, Belgium is roughly about $25 million of that fixed cost. So, you can see we have got a lot ahead of us. We are not done with the fab divestitures. We laid out that plan, that fab lighter plan at Analyst Day, and we are still executing to that plan.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for that. And then Intelligent Sensing, on a 4Q and full year basis, I mean very strong year-over-year growth, but still quite a bit lower than your auto and industrial segments combined. In fact, I think ISG growth was almost 2x lower versus PSG and your auto and industrial segments combined in Q4. Yet we know the demand in content expansion is just as strong as your power business. So, you outsourced a big part of ISG. What’s the visibility on when capacity situation starts to improve meaningfully from your foundry partners and is this motivating the team to actually accelerate its in-sourcing efforts here?
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, we are – so you are absolutely right. It’s not – this is purely a supply-constrained environment for the sensing given the higher percent of external manufacturing. So, we remain focused on working with our outside foundry partners. We were able to get more supply in the fourth quarter. That’s what drove kind of the results, and we are working continuously in order to secure more and more supply for 2022. So, that’s kind of where that business comes in, you are right, it’s not a demand, it’s more of a supply. And our focus about the mix, internal and external remains on track.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you and congratulations on the record results. Could you elaborate a little bit on the inventory in the channel. I think you said it went up to 7.3 weeks, but I think you also said in this quarter, it came back down. So, is that mainly because sell-through actually got better again this quarter, or did you take an opportunity to perhaps hold a little bit more inventory, just wanted some clarification there, please.
Thad Trent: Yes. The inventory in the channel went up to 7.3 weeks from 6.8 weeks in Q3. It was purely a result of timing of shipments late in the quarter in Q4. Sell-through in the channel remains very robust. It’s not necessarily that it has cranked up here in Q1. It was just purely a timing of delivery and when we got supply and be able to get into the channel. So, it’s already returned back into that 6.8 weeks level. And as I was saying earlier, we think going forward, we will maintain kind of six weeks to seven weeks range for the foreseeable future.
Tore Svanberg: Understood. Thank you for that. And the $650 million run rate for CapEx. How much of that is kind of going to fund regular CapEx versus the additional investments you have having now in 300-millimeter and the silicon carbon capacity?
Thad Trent: The vast majority of it is going to silicon carbide and to CapEx for East Fishkill, the 300-millimeter fab build-out. There is the rest of it I would consider more maintenance CapEx.
Tore Svanberg: Very helpful color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raji Gill from Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Raji Gill: Yes. Thank you and congrats as well. You might have touched upon this before. But if I look at the percentage of revenue coming from auto and industrial, it’s now 63%. So, ex those markets, the other markets represent 37% of sales. Last year, the other markets were representing about 42%. So, your non kind of core markets, are going down from 42% to 37%, 38% as you ramp auto industrial. When we are thinking about this 48% to 50% gross margin long-term, can you give us a sense, number one, in terms of what percentage of sales do we think auto-industrial represent over time? And any sense in terms of the spread of the gross margins between auto and industrial against the other segments?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. We stated in our Analyst Day that we expect over the next 5 years, auto-industrial to become about 75% of our total revenue. So, we are at 63%. So, that gives you kind of our trajectory, because it’s also tied to our margin expansion as we move forward towards that 75%. Obviously, the mix or margin profile is more favorable from these markets because that’s part of the trajectory that we have getting to that 48% to 50% is by being more and more exposed to the markets. But more importantly, it’s the new products that we are ramping that are better margin profile. So, it’s a mix shift for our products, new products versus the, call it, the run rate products and a mix shift to end markets, auto and industrial, becoming 75% at the expense of other markets that historically have had lower margin profile. So net-net, you get the margin expansion and the growth that we talked about. Now, I just want to highlight one thing. In the other bucket, other than auto-industrial, we do have a growth segment with favorable margin, and that’s our cloud and 5G power play for that market. That market, we talked about, it’s growing at 11% in our Analyst Day. So, we see that also as a favorable mix from both product and market that drive an expansion of margin beyond where we are today. So, these are kind of the three big components you can think about driving the growth for the company moving forward and the remaining margin expansion that Thad talked about.
Thad Trent: Yes. Raji, just let me expand on that a little bit as well. The 37% has got some very favorable gross margin in there. It’s not like it’s all low gross margin. So, as we fast forward and we get 75% of our business in auto and industrial, the other 25% is other, it’s still a favorable margin, right. It’s not low margin business. That’s the part that we are exiting. But Hassane is right. As we flex more into auto-industrial, that will be more accretive. And obviously, the 5G will be accretive as well. But there is good high gross margin in our other bucket as well.
Raji Gill: That’s helpful. And just to follow-up that your shift to a fab lighter manufacturing strategy is underway. You had mentioned in the past that you want to maintain your internal manufacturing footprint around 65% and you will achieve that through a lighter footprint by exiting smaller, subscale facilities and moving to or expanding larger ones. With your new 48% to 50% gross margin target, how do we think about that component of the internal versus external manufacturing capacity?
Thad Trent: Yes. So today, we – internally, we manufacture roughly 65% of our own product. As we fast forward, we bring on East Fishkill, the 300-millimeter fab, we have said that we have the capabilities of expanding capacity by 1.3x what it was today. Now, we have the option there as we add capacity and add CapEx to be able to support that. But as we look further out, that model doesn’t change. We still believe we will manufacture 65% of our own product in-house because we will get a cost benefit of it. It’s really just exiting those subscale fabs, moving it into more efficient fabs. And obviously, the 300-millimeter fab is a component of that.
Raji Gill: Alright. Great. Congrats again.
Thad Trent: Thanks, Raji.
Operator: This brings us to the end of our question-and-answer session. I will turn the call back over to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO, for some closing remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you all for joining us today. I once again thank our worldwide teams for their hard work in accelerating our transformation and driving outstanding results over the last year. With the transformation of our business, we have built a strong engine to power our growth for many years to come. We have established leadership in the fastest-growing semiconductor markets such as vehicle electrification and ADAS, and we are enabling disruption in energy infrastructure and factory automation. We are driving growth while accelerating profitability and rapidly expanding margins. We expect to sustain this momentum with the ongoing transformational changes to our cost structure and the impending ramp of our EV business. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent and I will be your conference operator today. At this time. I would like to welcome everyone to the ON Semiconductor Third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time,  Thank you. I would now like to turn today's call over to Mr. Parag Agarwal. Sir, please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you Brent. Good morning and thank you for joining On Semi 's Third Quarter 2021 quarterly conference call. I am joined today by Hassane El-Khoury our President and CEO and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. Immediately after this webcast, along with our 2021 third quarter  readily available on our website, approximately one hour following this conference call. And the recorded webcast will be available for approximately  following this conference call. Additional information related to our end markets in this segments, geography's, channels, share count, and 2021 and 2022 fiscal calendar is also posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures and the GAAP are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will launch soon, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our Forward-looking statements are described in our most system Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings reviews for the Third Quarter of 2021. Our estimates or other Forward-looking statements may change and the Company has no obligation to update Forward-looking statements to reflect actual results.  are the other elements that may occur except as required by law. Now, let me turn it over to Hassane.
Hassane El Khoury : Thank you Parag and thank you everyone for joining us today. We delivered yet another quarter of record results driven by exceptional execution by our worldwide teams and strong demand for our Intelligent Power Incenting products. We posted record quarterly revenue and non-GAAP operating margin and EPS. With our results and outlook, we have made a solid start towards achieving our financial target model. Even though our Q3 results and Q4 outlook significantly exceed expectations, we believe that we are just in the early innings of transforming the business. As we make further progress in our transformation initiatives and as our Intelligent power and Sensing design win with automotive and industrial customers, we expect to see sustained revenue growth and margin expansion. Today we announced the close of our acquisition of GT Advanced Technologies or GTAT. As we outlined at our Analyst Day, our goal is to provide our customers in the industrial and automotive end markets with highly differentiated intelligent power and sensing solutions, and we are investing to achieve that goal. With GTAT market-leading silicon carbide substrate technology On Semi is now the only silicon carbide player in the industry with end-to-end capabilities encompassing modules, devices, and substrates. Our acquisition of GTAT has been a catalyst for key automotive customers to engage in long-term strategic partnerships with us, and we can expect GTAT to be a critical enabler of our impending ramp in our silicon carbide business. In fact, in Q4, 2021, we will be shipping silicon carbide product based revenue utilizing the GTAT substrate. I am also excited to announce that GTAT has delivered 200 millimeter bowls, which we have processed at our ON Semi manufacturing facility and we'll be sampling our first devices in January 2022. We welcome the GTAT team to the ON Semi family and look forward to expanding its capacity to support our silicon carbide growth plans. On a year-to-date basis, our power design win funnel grew by 75% year-over-year. At the end of the Third Quarter, we have signed a LTSA or committed revenue of $2.5 billion over 3 years for our Power Solutions. Over $2 billion of this committed revenue is for our Silicon Carbide solutions for automotive and industrial applications and 2/3 of this committed revenue is for traction inverters for electric vehicles. We expect to exit 2023 with Silicon Carbide revenue run rate, of about $1 billion. The demand of our Intelligent Power and Sensing Solutions in our strategic end markets, continues to outpace our current supply capability. The strength and demand is driven by secular mega trends such as vehicle electrification, ADAS, Industrial Automation, and transition to alternative energy from fossil fuel-based power generation. For the third quarter, automotive and industrial end markets together grew 42% year-over-year. On a year-to-date basis, our design went funnel for these end markets growth 55% year-over-year, giving us excellent visibility into future revenue. In addition to secular factors, demand for our products and being driven by industry-leading performance of our products in both Intelligent Power and Sensing. Consistent with our strategy outlined at our Analyst Day, we are driving a make-shift towards automotive and industrial end markets to drive margin expansion. For the third quarter, automotive and industrial together contributed 60% of our revenue as compared to 56% in the quarter a year ago. And we will continue facing out low-margin non-core revenue into next year. Looking forward, we expect demand to remain robust and outpace supply through most of 2022. We are selectively investing in our operations to relieve capacity bottlenecks for our strategic product lines. While working with our foundry partners to obtain a higher allocation of capacity. At the same time, we are shifting our production to strategic high-value mixed of products. Longer-term, we are qualifying products and the 300 millimeter Fishkill facility to increase the efficiency of our fab network while executing our fab lighters strategy. Along with expanding supply, we are working collaboratively with our customers to ensure uninterrupted supply of our products, and we have entered into long term supply agreements with many of them. This LTSAs commit a multiyear revenue stream with stable and sustainable margin. Coupled with our expanding design win pipeline and the automotive and industrial end-markets, we have outstanding visibility into our revenue and in margin in support of our target model. Along with entering into LTSAs, many of our largest automotive and industrial customers are co-investing with us. These investments solidify the strategic nature of our LTSA and enable us to support our customers by ensuring supply and providing development support. Let me now discuss a few highlights of our key strategic and Markets, starting with automotive. We set a record for our Automotive Revenue in Q3 of $575.6 million. Automotive represented 33% of our revenue in Q3 and grew 37% year-over-year and 4% quarter-over-quarter. The strength in automotive was driven by both our Power and Sensing product categories. We are seeing strong momentum in our electric vehicle business for both Silicon Carbide and IGBT based solutions. We have signed LTSA s for committed revenue for ED, a little less than $2 billion over the next few years, starting to ramp in Q4 2021 and approximately doubling year-over-year for the next few years. Over 80% of this committed revenue is for silicon carbide solution for EV traction inverters. As we have indicated earlier, in addition to the industry-leading performance of our facts a key source of our differentiation is our expertise in packaging, which is critical for improving heat dissipation, increasing power output at a smaller footprint than our closest competitor, and reducing weight and cost of a power module. The efficiency of our modules allows our customers to make lower trade-offs between the cost of battery and the range of the vehicle, they get both. Our Automotive Imaging revenue grew more than 10% quarter-over-quarter, and 45% year-over-year. We continued to see momentum in Automotive Safety with new design wins and increasing content for our CMOS image sensors, and power management. Year-to-date, our automotive imaging design-win funnel grew by 75% year-over-year. As systems shift to higher pixel density, and the need for automotive safety requirements around power management increases our content will increase as these solutions have higher ASP. The increase is further compounded by a higher number of sensors and power ICs per car and increasing number of cars with active safety features. The industrial-end market which includes military, aerospace, and medical, contributed revenue of $478.5 million in Q3, representing approximately 27% of our revenue. Our third quarter Industrial Revenue increased by 48% year-over-year and 11% quarter-over-quarter, driven by strong demand for our Intelligent Power and Sensing Solutions. We are seeing a more than 2x growth in our design-win funnel from alternative energy customers for our Power Solution and expect the alternative energy market to be a long-term driver for our business as utility scale power plant installation are expected to grow worldwide to reduce the climate impact of fossil fuel-based power plant. Industrial power tools are another area of growth, as power tools are transitioning from brushed motors to brushless motors and from AC to battery powered, both trends driving significantly higher content for us. The demand for our imaging products and industrial automation applications remained strong with 20% quarter-over-quarter growth. Industrial customers are investing in automation at an increased base to improve efficiency and to reduce volatility and operations due to social distancing mandates and labor shortages. We have leveraged our experience in automotive to offer our industrial customers rugged, high-resolution, and high image quality sensors for the most demanding industrial applications. Now I will turn the call over to Thad to provide additional details on our financials and guidance.
Thad Trent: Thanks Hassane. I'm pleased to announce yet another quarter of record results. As Hassane mentioned, we posted record quarterly revenue and record non-GAAP operating margin and earnings per share while generating free cash flow margin of 20% for the quarter. All 3 of our business units reported record quarterly revenue, and our targeted automotive and industrial end markets, grew sequentially, achieving record revenue levels. With a rapidly expanding design win funnel of Intelligent Power and Sensing Solutions, and ongoing structural changes for our business. we are well positioned to make sustained progress towards our targeted financial model. While the on Semi team has accomplished a lot in a short period of time, we have significant opportunities ahead of us to drive sustained revenue growth and predictable financial performance. From a revenue perspective, we are in the early innings of the ramp in our vehicle. I would like to recap some business and expect to be a significant driver of our long-term growth complemented by increasing demand for ADAS, Industrial Automation and alternative energy. We're pleased with our performance thus far and remain focused on margin expansion as we execute our transformation initiatives, including the portfolio optimization and our Baton lighter strategy. The turning to the results for the third quarter. Total revenue for the third quarter was $1.74 billion, an increase of 32% over the third quarter of 2020, 4% quarter-over-quarter. The sequential revenue growth was driven by our ability to increase our supply both internally and externally, shipping 3% more units than in Q2, and favorable mix in pricing across all end markets. Revenue for our Intelligent Power and Intelligent Sensing products were also at record revenue levels, increasing sequentially, 3% and 8% respectively while accounting for 62% of total revenue in Q3. Our Automotive Revenue grew 37% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. Industrial Revenue grew 48% year-over-year and 11% sequentially. Automotive and industrial contributed a total of 60% of revenue in Q3 as compared to 56% in the year-ago quarter. Turning to the business units, revenue for the Power Solutions Group or PSG, was $892.2 million. PSG revenue increased by 38% year-over-year due to strength in automotive and industrial-end markets. Revenue for the Advanced Solutions Group, or ASG was $613.5 million, an increase of 24% year-over-year. In addition to strength in automotive, ASP benefited from strength in computing, especially in high-end graphics cards. Revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group or ISG for the third quarter was $236.5 million, an increase of 35% year-over-year. Growth in ISG was driven by both automotive and industrial-end markets. GAAP gross margins for the Third Quarter was 41.4% and non-GAAP gross margin was 41.5% and 800 basis point improvement year-over-year. And a 310 basis point improvement quarter-over-quarter. Our gross margin expansion is ahead of our original plans with improved efficiencies of our manufacturing sites, favorable mix, and improved pricing as we continue to examine our portfolio for price-to-value discrepancies. Over the last 2 quarters, we have exited approximately $100 million of non-core revenue at an average gross margin of 15% and allocated this capacity to strategic products with accretive gross margins. Over 60% of this exit accrued in Q3 and we expect to continue phasing out our low margin non-core revenue over the next two years, as we outlined at our August Analyst Day. Today, we have been successful in navigating rising input and manufacturing costs by adjusting pricing to our customers. While we will likely see more cost increases in early 2022, we don't expect these increases to have a negative impact on our gross margins. Our factory utilization with 80% down slightly from Q2 level of 83% due primarily to COVID related slowdowns affecting our back end facilities in the Southeast Asia. As our operations stabilized, we expect utilization to remain in the low 80% range consistent with previous quarters. GAAP earnings per share for the third quarter was $0.70 per share. Non-GAAP earnings per share for the third quarter was $0.87 per diluted share as compared to $0.27 per share in the third quarter of 2020, and $0.63 in Q2. As noted earlier, this is the highest ever quarterly non-GAAP EPS reported by the Company. Now I'll give some additional numbers financial. GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter of 2021 were $321.6 million as compared to $322.2 million in the third quarter of 2020. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $296.2 million, a decline of $18 million quarter-over-quarter, as we continue to restructure our operations to align with our new strategy and reduce investments in our non-strategic areas. While we saw benefits of lower APEX in Q3, we expect to redeploy capital into our strategic areas in Q4. And therefore, there will be an increase in spending back to normal run rate levels while achieving our 17% operating expense target. Our GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 22.9% as compared to 9% in the third quarter of 2020. Our non-GAAP operating margin was at a record level of 24.5% as compared to 12% in the third quarter of 2020 and 19.6% in Q2. Our GAAP Diluted shares count was $440.7 million shares, and our non-GAAP Diluted shares count with $435.7 million. Please note we have an updated reference table on the Investor Relations section of our website to assist you with calculating our diluted share count in periods share prices. Turning to the Q3 Balance Sheet, cash and cash equivalents with $1.39 billion, and we had $1.97 billion undrawn are recover. Cash from operations was $448.9 million and free cash flow was $355.7 million or 20% of revenue. Capital expenditures during the third quarter were $93.2 million, which equate to a capital intensity of 5.4%. As we indicated previously, we're directing a significant portion of our capital expenditures towards enabling our 300 millimeter capabilities at the East Fishkill Fab an expansion of silicon carbide capacity. Accounts receivable was $720 million, resulting in AFL is outstanding 37 days. Inventory increased $18 million sequentially to $1.3 billion and days of inventory increased three days to 119 days. The increase in inventory was driven primarily by an initial build bridge inventory for vowed transition and work in progress inventory of finished wavers and not be processed through the back-end capacity constraints. Distribution inventory decreased $39 million to 6.8 weeks from 7.3 weeks in Q2. Once again, we are proactively reducing that distribution inventory to hold more inventory in our balance sheet to support our customer needs rather than building inventory in the supply chain. Total debt was $3.1 billion and our net leverage ratio is now approximately at one times. Turning to guidance for the quarter and table dealing our -- detailing our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is provided in the press release related to our Third Quarter results. Our guidance includes our expected results for roughly 9 weeks of the GTAT acquisition after closing the last Thursday. Let me now provide you key elements of our non-GAAP guidance for the Fourth Quarter. Based on booking trends, we believe demand will remain strong through much of next year. We continue to increase supply through operational efficiencies and working with our external partners to obtain additional capacity. We're also accelerating product qualification at our 300 millimeter fab at nice Fiscal. Despite these efforts, we will be limited by supply constraints and we're working with our strategic customers to ensure long-term, uninterrupted supply. Based on current bookings, trends and backlog levels, we anticipate that revenue for the fourth quarter will be in the range of $1.74 billion to $1.84 billion. This includes expected GTAT revenue of approximately $3 million to $4 million for the quarter. We expect non-GAAP gross margins between 42% and 44%, and this includes share-based compensation of $3.6 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $298 million to $313 million and includes roughly $4 million and OpEx for GTAT and share-based compensation, $18.6 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP OIE, including interest expense, will be $24 million to $27 million. So this result in non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.89 to a $1.1. This includes the impact of GTAT business, which is roughly $0.01 dilutive for the quarter. We expect total capital expenditures of $130 to $140 million in the quarter. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2021 is expected to be approximately 437 million shares. So in summary, I am extremely pleased with our progress on the execution of our transformation initiatives. I add my thanks to our worldwide teams for their hard work and unwavering commitment to our customers. With that, I'd like to start Q and A, but I'll turn it back over to Brent to open the line for questions.
Operator: At this time I would like to remind everyone in order to ask a question  Your first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Congratulations on the strong results. Hassane, my first question is for you. And that's on the transformation on the revenue line. At your Analyst Meeting you talked about exiting 10% to 15% of your revenues over the next couple of years. I want to see if we get an update on that, and how much of that is a headwind today, or is that still yet to come?
Thad Trent: Hey, Ross. It's Thad. I'll take that. In my prepared remarks I talked about, we've exited approximately $100 million over the last 2 quarters, 60% of it being in the third quarter. The average margin without business was roughly 15%. We plan on continue to exit our business over the next 2 years. As we've talked about, it will be -- I think about being fairly linear for the next 2 years as we continue to execute, and we shift that capacity in the higher-value products and higher-value capacity.
Hassane El Khoury : And then just to add to that, you talked about the headwind. We're able, of course with the demand environment, we're able to shift that capacity to demand in our strategic market with our strategic customers. And that's the mix shift that we are going through and we'll keep going through that for the next couple of years.
Ross Seymore: Great, thanks for those details. And I guess the follow-on to that would be on the gross margins side. Great job up-siding even your expectations there. Can you talk about how much of that do you view to be structural versus cyclical? And I know you're going to say it's structural because of the way you just answered my first question, but how much of a cyclical tailwind are you getting with price increases, etc, that you think are truly sustainable going forward?
Thad Trent: Look, this is Thad again. We think the majority of it is structural. We've been making changes to our manufacturing operations, driving efficiencies there, it's the mix shift as well. There's definitely a pricing component of it, it's a favorable pricing market. As I stated, we've been passing on the cost increases that we've seen coming our way. We believe that we'll continue to get the gross margin expansion. Our target remains at 45% over time here and like I said, most of is structural in nature.
Hassane El Khoury : Yes, at the end of the day, customers pay for value. We have been reducing the price devalue discrepancy like we talked about. And the LTSAs provide longer-term visibility on both revenue and margin. And when we talk about long term, we're talking about an average of 3 years. That gives you the structural nature of it and the sustainability of it to move forward.
Ross Seymore: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen in the interest of time, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the strong results and the very impressive execution. Hassane, how do you see the interplay between automotive production which has been flattish, right? Very weak this year versus content and pricing. I mean, there's a lot of concern that auto chips suppliers are maybe shifting a lot to inventory rather than benefiting from content or pricing or mix. Would just love your views on that from an industry, but then obviously from an ON very specific perspective that, what's giving you the confidence that -- you're saying that are exceeding units so much are really being driven by content or mix or pricing as opposed to sitting in inventory somewhere.
Thad Trent: Yeah, look, I can speak for Hassane. First, we track content based on design wins that we have had over the last few years that are starting to ramp, and have ramped beyond what we expected in the '21 time-frame, that's why we can't support the demand. From that point of view, I know exactly how much content has been going up for our customers using our products, so that ties and that gives me the confidence that it is a content growth story. Now as far as people talk about inventory being built out, look, I gauge that. We have a lot of data to gauge it, but to me, the main gauge is the escalations that we're getting. We're still getting an intense level of escalations from our customers in order to ensure that part's go into cars and cars go out of the lot. That is a pretty good gauge for where the economy is and where our content is going. I can tell you it's not being built up, it's going to cars because if we don't ship the cars don't ship. That's a one-to-one correlation that I can personally validate given all my conversations with my peers at our customers. So both of these tell me that we are still in supply constrained. There is not inventory. Are there pockets, maybe 1 or 2 weeks of inventory here and there? Yes. Because we sometimes will pre -ship, and the customers we know are not able to kit it. But that last for about one or two weeks until they get our next shipment. So all of these things are manageable. We have fully visibility on it and we track it internally and with our customers by giving confidence.
Vivek Arya: Alright. Very helpful. And for my follow-up, great job on the gross margin side but when I look at the incremental margins in Q3 and then the midpoint of Q4, it's over a 100%. I imagine part of it as the exit from the non-core areas. But could you help us bridge what your original assumption was for kind of gross margin? Why is this coming at these levels? But then also importantly, you're at these kind of low 40s gross margins already before completing a lot of the actions that were supposed to take you to the 45% journey. So it's 45% still the end of destination of this journey, or do you think that's a very strong start given your confidence that, there are maybe leverage or gross margins beyond what you have contemplated. Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yeah. Hi, Vivek. What we've always said, 45% is a milestone, and that we would talk once we got there. We're not changing that target. The improvement that we've seen has been through operational efficiencies, favorable mix, and then clearly pricing. If you go back to the chart that I showed an Analyst Day, we provided the bridge. The next big piece of the improvement is really the manufacturing, the fab-lite or footprint, right? And that's the part we've always said that we take the longest and would be the hardest to get. And it's about exiting the fabs and consolidating into more efficient fabs ramping the no meter fab (ph). And that's the next leg that we've got to execute on. So I think what we've been able to pull forward on is favorable mix, operational efficiencies. And then clearly a good pricing environment has helped. But what I think is going to get us to that next level of 45, is the manufacturing piece. And then once we get there, we'll talk about what the end goal should be. But we've never stated 45 would be the end goal as much as it was a milestone that we'd be looking to achieve.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question and congrats on the strong results. Hassane in your prepared remarks, you talked a little bit about Southeast Asia on your operations there being a little bit disrupted in the quarter. Can you speak to any impact on revenue and gross margins in the quarter and where your operations are today. Then I've got a quick follow-up.
Thad Trent: Yeah, hi, this is Thad, so we talked about, our utilization came down slightly to 80%. We think that will return back into normal levels of low 80%. We think it had minimal impact on this quarter, primarily because we were able to allocate those resources and that capacity into other sites and recover from it. The sites are stabilizing now, they're not back up to full speed yet, but we think they will be there very quickly and that's why we think the utilization comes back up into normal run rate levels pretty quickly.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That's helpful. And then as my follow-up, I wanted to ask about Q1 of next year. I think historically pre-Covid seasonality, what would drive business down a little bit? I think pricing some of the adjustments that you would make historically would hit Q1 disproportionately. Curious how we should be thinking about Q1 into next year, just given how strong the environment is. You talked about all the design wins on the visibility you have into the quarter. So should Q1 of 2022 be above seasonality? And again, how should we think about pricing and gross margins into the March quarter as well? Thank you.
Thad Trent: Well, we're not going to give you guidance for Q1. We only guide 1 quarter at a time. But normal seasonality for Q1 is down 2% to 3%. Based on what we see today, we are going to perform better than that and we can see in terms of backlog and supply coming online, and we're probably looking at flat to what our Q4 number is going to be. But we're not going to provide more guidance than that.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Hey, guys. First of all, strong congratulations, tremendous execution effort here. I wanted to ask a broader question just above the diminution, the data. Maybe you can help us for -- I know that EVs are near and dear to your heart, and you're making a pretty big bet on that front. 2 things. How much revenue do you think you'll get from EVs today? And then once you start to get to your -- I think you said $1 billion in 2023. Let's say I'd attaining 2023, how much of your business will be EVs at that point in time throwing in  and all that other stuff you guys do?
Hassane El Khoury : We're not breaking up -- breaking down the EV revenue today. I gave the outlook just to highlight the growth that we're seeing. But more importantly, to highlight the penetration of Silicon Carbide, getting to the run rate of $1 billion. We've always said over the next few years, we're going to see a co-existent IGBT and Silicon Carbide. But Silicon Carbide is starting to accelerate as customers see the efficiency of it, coupled with our technology on packaging. So that is going to accelerate our ramp in Silicon Carbide to get to that run rate above $1 billion by 2023, which is very meaningful from where we are today, and that revenue trajectory getting the building is basically doubling for us every year. I'll be providing more of that color as we start ramping. But at this point, that's the level going to be talking about. But I'm very comfortable with the EV ramp. It's a lot of people have been talking about EV ramps and content for a few years now. Now we have it. It's starting. Customers have they LTSA to guarantee for their supply. And we're going to be supporting their growth along with ours.
Harsh Kumar: Very well. Thanks, Hassane. And then for my second question, you've got -- I think Vivek mentioned, you've got a long-term target of 45%. You're guiding to 43%, I guess I wanted to just make sure that there's no near-term sort of things that are helping you here that it's all structural. Could you maybe just give us some color on how much the strongly ASPs helped you versus legacy business reduction, which I think we can calculate also. Also, you're supposed to sell fabs and we haven't seen much of a progress on that front but I'm looking and then saying you're already at low 80s utilization. Why would you even need to sell FABS going forward as you grow?
Hassane El Khoury : Yes, look, a lot of it -- most of it is self-help. We talked -- Thad talked about the increase in units sold, those unit increases are based on favorable margin mix so you're already starting to see that Mix shift. We've already talked about walking away from 100 million at 15%. I've always said even at this pricing environment, low margin is low margin, and we will actively walk away from that business and move it to the auto and industrial that for us are driving higher margin. All of these things are self-help and of course, sustainable. The other thing over the last year, the other thing that worked in our favor is the utilization. And that's sustainable as you mentioned as we wind down some of our fabs and we restructure and do the fab manufacturing optimization, that utilization is going to be and remain at that higher level even with that 10% to 15% reduction in the non-core business. All of these I would say are self-help. As far as the current pricing environment, there are two things that I will talk about in pricing. One is passing on the price increases to our customers, that's gross margin neutral to us, because we are passing on cost increases that we have incurred to our customers so that you can think of it as the margin neutral for us. The other one is the price devalue discrepancy, where we have products of high value that, historically, for whatever reason we're shipping below market. And those adjustments are sustainable because that's the value of the product that, many other customers buy. So all of these are structural and we just have to stay ahead of the manufacturing utilization as we wind down that 10%-15% remaining of the low margin business. And we're going to get there as we talked about in our Analyst Day. All of these are going to yield to a structurally sustainable financial model. And when we get there, we'll talk about how to go to the next level.
Thad Trent: Yeah. I would add on the manufacturing side, we're still  the manufacturing sites. We got the 300-millimeter Fab (ph) coming online later. next year in 23 that we take ownership. But we've got to fill that out that gives us a better cost advantage as well. And you saw that we were building inventory on the Balance Sheet to support those Fab transition. So we've always said it's not about ending the Qs. Somebody is about the exit and the qualification process and the exit of time. So even though we haven't announced a divestiture of those tabs we're making progress in qualifying those products and other locations that are more efficient. And we're building the inventory for that transition. So the progress is underway.
Harsh Kumar: Understood. Thanks, guys. Great stuff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raji Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Raji Gill: Yes, thank you and I want to echo my congrats on the excellent results. Hassane, I want to delve a little bit deeper in the long-term agreements that you're seeing in your business. You talked about $2.5 billion of committed business, particularly $2 billion in SIC and for EV s, and 2/3 was related to the traction inverters. Could you maybe describe what you're seeing in that market? It seems like you have the products, the right products to align for the future growth. Can you talk a little bit about the qualification process, the engagements with your customers on that massive committed capital -- committed business, and just more broadly, are you seeing in the industry a shift, a transition to more longer-term commitments, better visibility from your customers in response to the component shortages that we've seen this year, are you seeing a change in behavior from your customers to enter into longer-term supply agreements to get access to that supply? Thank you.
Hassane El Khoury : Yes. And absolutely right. Let me talk about the first one. The first one is a -- I would say, a very different engagement model for the design and capability. When you're talking about a product that is fit for purpose for a customer inverter, traction inverter. Every car is different, whether its performance or range, or heavy-duty, and so on. All of these variables are what our team and the customers team take into account in order to get a design in. And I highlight that to give you the visibility that it's not a dual source concept. It is a design and concept that leads to the design win, and that's why customers, once they have that problem solved on their side, the long-term supply agreement is the next natural step. Because if and when we give them a traction inverted that provide much better efficiency than any of our competitors, they will either co-invest or give us the LTSA or and give us the LTSA over the longest period of time, at least through the run rate of that product, and then . So that's the stickiness of the revenue that I talked about that I referred to. Stickiness from a design-win perspective. It's not something that is swappable. But also stickiness from the commitment of the customers are providing to us, which leads to the second level and the answer is yes, thing major model is different. It's not equal to everything. There are products where they're not strategic potentially for our customers. However, they are important. We're not going to lock up capacity with a long-term agreement. But when we talk about strategic components like silicon carbide, like IGBT, like the 48-volt rail, like the strategic theme that I've talked about that go along with our ADAS for cameras, or the image sensors. All of these are key products that enable differentiated technologies on our customer, where there's traction or vision with ADAS, those customers do want the stability and they do want to supply resiliency that we are able to provide to them through the long-term agreements. And that's the model that is -- we're moving to with a lot of customers. Again, it's not 100%, but it is strategic and surgical like I've always talked about when it comes to LTSA.
Raji Gill: And for my follow-up  Go ahead.
Hassane El Khoury : No, go ahead.
Raji Gill: No. I would think my follow-up And thanks for the insight Hassane on that. It does relate to the pricing question, but it's more of, again, the structural on a positive side. You're obviously you're seeing some price increases, but would you say that the days of heavily deflationary pricing for semi's are starting to come to an end, or at the very least, the price declines will start to abate ongoing forward because of the strategic importance of these components in for ADAS, EDS, for Industrial Automation. Do you think this is more structural in nature where the pricing environment and -- maybe not be as high as it is now, but could continue to be favorable over the coming years or do you still -- do you view this as more temporary?
Hassane El Khoury : I think it is also sustainable. I don't think the pricing benefit that, we historically give our customers year-over-year is going to disappear. But definitely will be very muted for these new ramps. Given the capital intensity, that is required to ramp those products and get them up, they're not going to be under your traditional, hey, every year give me X percent or else. Those days are over for the strategic ones. So that's what gives me comfort in investing in the Capex in order to increase that -- to match that demand. We work with our customers on efficiencies that we are able to get or efficiencies they're able to get. Because look, if our products allow our customers to shave off $1 or $2 and metal because of heating. Given the efficiency of our products, it's still money. I don't have to give that savings, but if I enable it, that's still savings on an end unit price, which is the car. That's what makes our solution attractive is because the efficiency drives a lot more cost reduction outside of the semiconductor than in the semiconductor. And that's very attractive to our customers.
Raji Gill: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Just a follow-up question on the LTSAs. and if you could clarify, what are the obligations from both you and the customers over those agreements? What are they promising you? What are you promising them? And within those agreements -- one of the investor concerns right now is, 1 day demand will probably flow from these level. What are the provisions in there that protect you and protect them in the event that the demand winds up being different than what's envisaged over those agreements.
Hassane El Khoury : When we talk about LTSAs, we are focusing on the strategic intent. Let me talk about Silicon Carbide or EVs, IGBT and Silicon Carbide as an example. So to me, that demand and that ramp is happening. EVs are happening, EVs are driven by Companies and driven by customers themselves. So if the ramp is shifting one quarter or two quarters or whatever, you know what will work with customers, what they get, and what customers are getting is the supply assurance that when they do ramp, we will be able to support their ramp. Now, what gives me the confidence in the ramps that we are signing up for with our customers is, when a customer co-invests with you in order to support the ramp. That's a pretty high confidence and high credibility of the ramp because everybody is easy to say they're going to be the kings of the world when it comes to EV. But when a Company says and puts money down on it as a co-investment in order to get their ramp and their supply assurance. That tells me that they're going to be winners in that market because they are putting their money where their mouth is. And we will be doing the same through our capex intensity that Thad talked about. We're increasing in an order to support doors, ramps. So we get the long-term visibility, we get the sustainability of the revenue and the margin associated with it. We have confidence in investing our Capex to expand for that capacity and the customers get the confidence that they're going to get it when they are ready for ramp. And then the customer will ramp on time when the time comes given the timeline of the LTSA. So all of these give me that confidence. Again, I'm not going after LTSAs for all of our products. I'm very, very selective and being very strategic about what to get the LTSA in order not to have that issue that you talked about.
Chris Caso: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you. As a follow-up, I guess, maybe you can give us some sense of how much of the business now is within that strategic framework that you speak of? And I suppose some of it's within the LTSAs, some of it's not. But I guess the question is, over time we've seen pricing for On Semi typical years down 5% a year and that's made up with cost reductions. It sounds like for a large part of your business, you're working with a different framework. What about for the rest of the business, are there structural things happening in both within ON and the industry, which will prevent that price decline and make things more sticky even in the event of an industry downturn?
Hassane El Khoury : Look, we're not the ON Semiconductor that you're used to, we're the new ON Semi and our focus is on strategic products and sustainable financial model. Part of that business that we are walking away from, the 100 million at 50% margin that Thad was talking about, that's the behavior that you are describing. Where an up is good, and down you have to give a lot of pricing to maintain share. I don't care about that business, I only care about the proprietary business that adds value to the customer. When you have proprietary business, even silicon carbide as an example, those are sustainable from both pricing and the margin perspective. We are no longer chasing fab fillers in a downturn, which is what historically the Company has done. We are moving the mix that goes into our fabs to proprietary and high-value products. And those are not going to be fluctuating based on what the end market does. That's the new Company we are. That's the new Company we are delivering results against the  today. And that gives me the confidence of the sustainability of our model moving forward regardless of what the market does.
Chris Caso: Well done. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Hassane, just quickly going back to the auto sector, if you read some third-party reports, the industry might miss out on as much as $220 billion of revenue this year because they don't have Chip inventory. I'm just curious, as you talk to the auto supply chain, whether you're not, you think they're going to structurally change the way they think about their inventory and their partners going forward. And the LTSAs are great up. I'm kind of curious if you've explored the idea of actually taking some customer capital, especially as you work to build out your Silicon Carbide capacity?
Hassane El Khoury : Yes. Let me just touch on the last one. We have taken customer capital through the form of investment or co-investments in our capacity expansion. So that model is new and we've opened it up to customers, and some customers are -- have taken us up on it. The model is changing. Let me put it this way. You talked about the $200 billion in revenue. Nobody wants to be in that because spot anymore. So there are customers that unfortunately are still in denial and that's okay -- not okay for them, that's okay for me. We're doubling down with customers who get it to do understand the importance of semiconductor, the importance of the power and sensing in the future of mobility. Those are the customers that have jumped on the opportunity to secure supply. Now, I'll mention one thing, there is a shift for customers to go with credible suppliers. Suppliers credible of suppliers of scale. That is very important. Because supply resilience is a hot button for all customers all the way in the OEM. My personal engagements with OEM are about supply resilience, not just supply assurance. And our ability to be able to have a product running in two geographically independent locations in a lot of cases, give that supply resilience to our customers, where it may not be COVID, but we always have disruption. We've had disruptions for the last 4 to 5 years. Having done supply resilience and proving it to the customer, supports their business continuity. Because they don't have to build inventory and hoard the inventory, they can depend on us. That matters in the selection process today. It's not only about the products, of course, you have to have products that are proprietary and high efficiency to win, but to get selected longer-term as a strategic supplier with the co-investment, we're talking about much more than that.
John Pitzer: And then, Hassane, as my follow-up, I want to get back to the idea of what of this is cyclical versus structural? And I guess in your auto and your industrial business, you've done a great job laying out the structural thesis, which is fairly easy to underwrite. I kind of want to think about the other bucket a little bit. If I add back the $60 billion of divestitures, I'm assuming most of that's coming in other -- that other buckets up over 30% year-over-year and it's up almost, I believe about high single-digits sequentially, so even outgrowing your auto business. When you think about that other bucket, was there value discrepancy that the old one wasn't pricing right, or is that somewhere where we might have to be a little bit worried about the cyclical pricing leverage today that might go away tomorrow?
Hassane El Khoury : Yeah, now, look, you don't have to worry about that. Well, we talked about other, that doesn't equate it to non-core or declining or commodity either. When we put in other, for example, we have a lot of our industrial that is not necessarily power that goes into there, that's actually very accretive margin already. What you're seeing a lot of it is the benefit of that high margin in the other bucket, that is not getting diluted by that $100 million or 60% of it this quarter at the 15% margin. So there are highly proprietary products, even in the other. They just don't fall under Power and Sensing. And that's part of our -- describing our Company. I don't want to equate others to not important to the Company. That's why you see the growth being across the board, but the drag from the $100 million is -- most of it is in that other bucket.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur : Good morning. Congratulations on the solid results and execution. On the Intelligent Sensing business, if I look at it, first 9 months of this year has undergrown both your auto and industrial, right? But however, on a year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, the trends actually have been improving every single quarter this year. I know there has been heavily supply constrained because most of this businesses are outsourced. So it looks like your foundry partners are increasing their supply, but do you guys expect the segment to also be constrained to most of 2022? And then Hassane, can you just give us an update on your efforts to bring in some of the image sensor manufacturing in-house?
Hassane El Khoury : Yes. So Harlan, you said it, right. That business is primarily explore, all of it is external manufacturing and that has been constrained throughout 2021, we're starting to see a little bit more capacity being directed to us because of the growth that we're seeing. And really because of the impact that it has on automotive. So we're getting secured -- more secured supply. And you're going to see that increasing through next year. Having said that, we do have an effort for new products, of course, to bring in-house. You're not going to see us do a very big shift of existing products, just moving them in. But we do have a healthy funnel of new product development. And we already have products taped out in East Fishkill imaging products. Our new imaging products are taped on and East Fishkill. So we're going to have fab -- I call it the Flex Fab Strategy for Imaging, where we'll maintain externally, but we're also going to double down on the internal in order to expand our supply over the next few years.
Harlan Sur : And I appreciate the insights there. And then maybe as a follow-up to that. So on East Fishkill in the transition to 300 millimeter the hand of doesn't occur until I guess end of next year, but you are in the midst of qualifying numerous products. You guys will be benefiting from the better economics of 300 millimeter manufacturing. For driving strong yields it will be critical to achieving those lower costs and increase capacity. I know it's early, but how are yields trending on the processes that are being qualified at East Fishkill?
Hassane El Khoury : Look, yields are -- of course, I compare yields to production yields in every fab that we have for the specific technology and the yields are exactly where they need to be to run full production in the 300 millimeter environment. A lot of our power devices are already, or have been shipping for a few quarters now out of East Fishkill at production yields. I'm not concerned about the yield. Of course, when you move your technology that is very complex like, image sensing, you have to work on yield. But I will tell you today, we do have a yielding product that is, Imaging on our boards. So again, we're out of the research side of it. We're actually in the development and production side of it across a lot of our products and we'll keep doing that through 2022.
Harlan Sur : Good continued execution. Thank you.
Hassane El Khoury : Thanks, Harlan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of  with Stifel. Your line is open.
Tory Stanford: Yes and congratulations on the record results. Hassane, the first question is on this transition from ICE to EV. It seems like the pandemic has really accelerated that transition. I don't know if there's anything that you could share with us from your end? Any numbers, any data points, because clearly that transition is accelerating materially.
Hassane El Khoury : Can you just tell me what transition? I missed the first part, do you say IGBT ?
Tory Stanford: No. From  to EV.
Hassane El Khoury:  Look, I don't think it's the pandemic that accelerated it. I think there are a few things. One is the heightened focus on environmental responsibility that corporations have driven by corporations and boards, driven by investors, and driven by employees. All of these -- and really governmental mandates in a lot of cases, whether in the U.S. is statement dates or in Europe is, or in Asia, it's government mandates. All of these factors are driving an accelerated adoption and accelerated investment in launch of car models from ICs to EVs. That is happening. You hear a lot in the targets of by 2025, X percent of cars will be EV, by 2030 X percent of cars will be EV. Those are hard milestones defined either by the Company themselves for their own targets or by government, where you can't buy a new car unless it's EV by those times. That's what's accelerating it. Coming out of the pandemic and meeting the demand in automotive, there's lot more push on EV because of somebody is buying a car now, they would want a car to be in the EV otherwise, they don't want to change it in the next 5 to 10 years. That's a very positive impact on our push to EVs and what's sustaining our growth. A lot of the numbers I gave as far as the LTSA for Silicon Carbide or IGBT, or power inverters, just to highlight the everybody, all those are incremental to our baseline business today. That's pure growth net of course, that 10 to 15% we're going to be walking away from. But that's sustainable growth over a 5 to 10-year period of time. And that's what makes it exciting for us, we're in the right spot.
Tory Stanford: That's very helpful. And that's my follow-up for the Capex 130, 140 million next quarter. Is that kind of the run rate we should use for next year or will there will be some another step-up potentially the following quarter.
Hassane El Khoury : No, we've said starting next year the capital intensity will go up to roughly 12% for the next couple of years. And then after that, it will moderate down to about 9%. But we will be investing, we've got more investments to make in each fiscal and then obviously, to support the Silicon Carbide, we've got investments there to make and then with the GTAT acquisition as well. So 12% for the next couple of years.
Tory Stanford: That's very helpful. Thank you and congrats again.
Hassane El Khoury : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pradeep Rahmani with UBS. Your line is open.
Pradeep Rahmani: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I guess -- I had a couple of so. There's a lot of consumers on pricing in your product portfolio. But I mean, can you give us some color around one, how much of your pricing actually is on a like-for-like basis? How much of it is actually like-for-like versus how much of it is benefiting from a mixed shift to your products which I would assume is a little bit more structural and longer lived. And then I'll have a follow-up.
Hassane El Khoury : Look, I mentioned earlier on the call. Most of our actions are structural because they're driven by a mix shift. We talked about walking away from the 100 million at 15 -- average of 15% gross margin. Those products order capacity just shifted to a much higher gross margin mix of products. So we replaced that a $100 million with a much more structurally favorable mix as far as the margin. For cost, I mentioned earlier, the price increases because the costs are neutral to the margin because we're passing it on to customers. We're passing it directly to customers and therefore that's sustainable as well. We're not going to see the benefit or it. Everything else that we talked about earlier from a market condition, we're walking away from that business. That 100 million is a dent in the 10% to 15%. It's about 1% to 2%. We talked about 10% to 15%. They are still the upside on the margin expansion just from the mix moving forward. I'm not worried about the sustainability of it. The benefit is sustainable and the benefit is driven by value of the products that we are shipping today. And we're shipping 3% more units in Q3 than we did before. Those 3% more units are unfavorable margin that's true demand and that is sustainable.
Pradeep Rahmani: Got it. Thanks. And on the GTAT, I guess, when I look at GTAT in context of your overall EV revenue, is there a contribution you can speak to in terms of GTAT potentially supplying other customers versus how much of your EV revenue is actually coming from your products versus GTAT basis?
Hassane El Khoury: Today, small portion is coming from GTAT. We just closed the acquisition. I mentioned that we are already and we'll be shipping more revenue based on GTAT substrates in Q4. Moving forward, we're going to start seeing more of a mix going from outside substrates that we have historically done more into GTAT based substrate which will be internal. Obviously, it will be ON Semi substrate moving forward. As that mix shifts to our internal created or internal grown substrate, our margin will also benefit from that because of course, the cost structure of having an in-sourced, a vertically integrated substrate is better than externally source. We haven't seen the benefit of that margin. That will come as we transition more into GTAT substrates. And that's over that ramp that I talked about in my prepared remarks.
Thad Trent: Yes. And I would just add in the Q4 guidance, there is $3 million to $4 million of GTAT revenue and that's with third-parties, with other customers that are outside of ON Semi. So you can think about that as being the run rate going forward. So it's not a material amount to the Company.
Pradeep Rahmani: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I just was hoping you might linger on the co-investing theme for a moment. Is this customers investing in their own capacity that aligns with that of ON Semi or is it more like non-recurring engineering, or are they actually investing to sort of own, or perhaps guaranteed capacity in your fab? And then I do have a follow-up.
Hassane El Khoury : Yes. So the investment obviously is -- of course, they are investing on their side. But the investments I'm referring to is, they're investing on our side. Primarily, obviously for supply assurance and for late-stage development for products that will go for their applications. And that I talked about, that's what gives me the confidence in the sustainability and the stickiness of that revenue is the late-stage R&D that, customers are investing, and in order to get that product and the supply assurance that they will depend on us when they need to ramp. Both of these are what the investment is from their side. Of course, in parallel to that, well, they are building up their capacity to run their own vehicles. But that's not what I'm referring to.
William Stein: Great. That's helpful. And then the follow-up is about the tone of buyers or buyer behavior, if you will. We think about their behavior a quarter ago relative to where it is today. When we think about their propensity to Chase shortages and try to real end as much upside as they can and that sort of thing versus maybe cooling off or narrowing the scope or expanding the scope of expedites. Can you comment on that trend, please?
Hassane El Khoury : Look, I think everybody is in blocking and tackling mode. As far as making sure they get just enough supply to keep the line running. I can't tell you how many lines are running at what their capacity, but a lot of the lines are now running at a 100%. But keeping the line running is more important than keeping it at a 100% versus shutting down the line. That's what the focus has been from our side and our customer's side. There's not enough to go around to give everybody a 100% but we work constructively with our customers to make sure that they get the minimum quantities across all of our products to maintain the running line and achieve their financial targets of unit sales. That's engagement we have directly with the OEMs. It's no longer between us and Tier-1, and then they deal with the OEM. It's either a two-party us and the OEM, where we understand what they need directly. Or it's a three-way meeting with the Tier-1 and OEM in order to make sure everybody triangulates and nobody is hiding anything in their pockets. It's full transparency, blocking and tackling. We all have one purpose in mind, which is keep the lines running, because that's when demand is real versus sitting somewhere in the supply chain. That's the level of engagement we have. And that gives me the comfort in the transparency of our engagement. And that's what we're basing a lot of our forward-looking comments on.
William Stein: Thank you and congrats.
Hassane El Khoury : Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Hassane El - Khoury, President and CEO.
Hassane El Khoury : Thank you all for joining us today. I once again thank our worldwide team for their hard work in driving our transformation solid and sustainable results. We have established a strong foundation of revenue, LTSA, and funnel growth over the last few quarters to deliver a leadership position in the vehicle electrification ramps driven by our silicon carbide products, along with our broad offering of our semiconductor solutions to enable the rest of the vehicle. Along with our leadership in Automotive Safety, with our Sensing Products, we have become the supplier of choice for all marquee names worldwide. We're very excited about the opportunity in front of us, and we remain focus on execution to make sustained progress towards our target financial model. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ON Semiconductor Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Lynn. Good morning, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation’s second quarter 2021 quarterly results conference call. I’m joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2021 second quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and a recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels, share count and 2021 and 2022 fiscal calendar is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding the future events or future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors that can affect our business, including factors that could create actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the second quarter of 2021. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other events that may occur except as required by law. Our Analyst Day is scheduled for Thursday August 5 in New York City. We look forward to seeing you in person later this week. Now, let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We delivered record results in Q2 driven by strong execution and broad-based strength and demand. We posted record revenue of $1.67 billion, an increase of 38% year-over-year and 13% quarter-over-quarter.
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. I’m pleased to announce a record quarter as we’re seeing it really impact of our transformation initiatives and our financial results. Customer demand remained strong and design win pipeline for our innovative power and sensing technologies continue to expand. We’ve been successful in securing additional supply from our internal manufacturing sites as we optimize our efficiency, which contributed to revenue at the high-end of our guidance.
Operator:  Your first question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks. Let me ask a few questions. Congrats on the results. Hassane, I want to talk a little bit about the demand and the shortage commentary you had, I believe last quarter, you thought that the demand would kind of stabilize, the velocity might -- the increase might slow, but shortages would abate in the second half of the year. It seems like you've pushed that out into the first half of next year. So I guess what's changed with any color on the demand side? And how can you be confident that there's no double ordering within that?
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. That's a good question. Look, the demand environment as we've always stated, it's very dynamic. We see it basically pushing out into the first half of next year. That's based on -- our backlog based on customer interactions, and really based on the LTSA that we have been engaging with on customers either signed or in active engagement. Now as far as the double ordering, we're managing our supply chain to make sure that doesn't happen as far as having it in the channel. So we have been reducing and managing inventory very closely. That keeps the inventory on our balance sheet, but allows us to serve strategic customers as we see the demand from the end customer without really accounting for any, call it buffer stocking that you may or may not see in the distribution channel or anywhere in between  and OEM. So that's how we're managing, call it tactical. But that's what we need to do right now to make sure that we're not going to suffer from the double ordering. So that gives me the confidence given the numbers of inventory that has been reducing and building up on our balance sheet that we are literally tackling end demand one-to-one basis with our direct customers.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for that color, Hassane. I guess as my follow-up for either you or Thad. On the gross margin side of things, that's probably the most impressive line, given where ON has been historically and the challenges it face. Can you just talk a little bit about what drove the upside even to your guidance in the second quarter, similarly for the third quarter. And a higher level question, how much of that do you believe is structural versus just you guys benefiting from some pretty strong cyclical tailwinds that as we've learned in the past can come and go at different times?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, if you look at the components of the gross margin strength, obviously, we -- we've always said in the first and second quarter now, we have probably thousands of line items that we are structurally working on improving our operation and streamlining our business. That's going to drive gross margin expansion. Those have been firing on all cylinders and we are seeing the benefit incrementally, and you're going to see that in our guide for Q3. So those I would call structural. If you look at utilization, utilization has been flagged from last quarter. But you see a big gross margin jump that also is what I would call structural. It's not really tied to utilization per se because utilization is flat. So the jump from Q1 to Q2 is on all the other work that we have been doing. So we continue to streamline our operation take cost out of our products, and portfolio mix and portfolio rationalization, a couple quarters ago, I was asked that would be delayed because of the demand environment, my commentary has been, it's actually going to be accelerated because it's going to force us to shift faster to our strategic products that will drive higher margin. So you're seeing some of that portfolio mix happening earlier than we anticipated. So all of these components will tell you that it is structural, it is sustainable. And forward looking. I'm very bullish on the capability of our gross margin expansion.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes, I would just -- I think  Hassane, I think if you look at the upside compared to our guidance, we were able to get more supply out of our manufacturing sites. And then obviously, we're getting favorable mix out of that as well, which is helping with the gross margin. But absolutely agree, it's structural changes that we're making inside the company.
Ross Seymore: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Danely (sic)  from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: I think they got the wrong name, but I'll speak up for my unborn son name Charles. It's Chris. Hey, guys. Can you just be a little more specific on the gross margin drivers. Was there any pricing involved, any kind of specific product lines? It's just a big jump given that utilization rates didn't do anything. Any specifics there would be great.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, I mean, it's spread across the board. Of course, there is some, what I referred to the price to value discrepancy. So we have been looking at our pricing from a strategic perspective, what products and what pricing they need to be in the market to extract the value that we provide for our customers. Cost is a big factor, not just product costs, but supply chain costs, upstream and downstream supply chain costs. Some of the increases that we’ve seen we pass those on to customers, as I've described them in prior calls. So it's really -- Chris, it's across the board. There's not a big step function that I would anchor on, because when we look at incrementally it came from all of these swimlanes that we have been launched and working on since -- really, since the December timeframe, when I came in, I said we're structuring gross margin. I have a specific owner in the company that drives gross margin improvements for the company. And we have about, call it, a 1,000 swimlanes that we are delivering to, and those are starting to come out now. Because it takes time to get those through the supply chain, and now is the quarter where we see it. And they're going to continue in the forward looking quarters as well, given the Q3 guidance range.
Chris Danely: Great. And then for my follow-up, you mentioned you expect the shortages to extend into next year. Can you just talk about where your lead times are these days? Or what they did sequentially? Did they extend during the quarter? Were they flat up or down?
Thad Trent: Yes, Chris, the last quarter, our lead times were in the low 30 range. It's now up to about 42, they've gone up by about 10 weeks, sequentially. Obviously, we're working on that, but that's another reason that given  and given us more visibility that why we see the supply constraint being limited as we look forward.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the gross margin, and especially the free cash flow improvement. My first question, Hassane, is that investors are trying to grapple with the situation where, as you mentioned, demand is strong. But will the supply environment stay disciplined? So the specific question is, how undersupplied is the industry right now? And you mentioned the situation could persist until the first half? Is that based on demand level staying at current levels or what they could be next year? Just basically what are your views about the supply response from ON and your peer group to give investors the comfort that the supply response from the industry is not going to change this very strong discipline and the pricing dynamic that your industry is benefiting from right now?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, that's a good question. I can really speak for  and what we're doing here. Of course, the fear is the reaction, you go and build capacity or across the board. But if you look at what we are doing specifically, and why I'm comfortable with the forward looking view of our margin, and our posture really with the gross margin expansion is we are selectively adding capacity, where we see the growth and our strategic products forward looking. So we're not adding capacity for the sake of adding capacity. We are first shifting from a lot of what we call the legacy portfolio and to the strategic growth and adding capacity there. So as we are increasing our top line, given the supply relief that we're getting through our supply chain, those are coming from strategic growth products. So when I look at our strategic plans moving forward, and we'll give a little bit more color at Analyst Day, that's where we're expanding the capacity. It is not equal for all. So there are demand signals on our -- in our visibility to our customers that we are not servicing beyond what we can today. So I'm not adding capacity there. We are selective. We're very, very disciplined on where we add capacity, and we're adding it in our growth products that are strategic and those will be driving the gross margin forward looking. So very selective, not the shotgun approach.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up actually a clarification question. On the clarification side, any impact from shutdowns or COVID related issues in Southeast Asia from supply side? And then, Hassane you sound really very confident about ON's prospects in the electrification side. So could you help us understand what is your current exposure to EVs? And what kind of content growth do you see both on the powertrain and the ADAS side as the industry moves more towards EVs? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: So, let me answer the EV first. Our exposure, obviously, this is starting to grow, I'm very bullish. I'm not going to -- I can't even hide it. So I'm glad you really picked it up. So, I'm very bullish with our posture, both on the automotive safety and electrification. Electrification penetration is starting to pick up. We're well-positioned with strategic OEMs directly, but also through their Tier 1 supply chain. So that is really forward looking, how I look at the market and really where our R&D investments are happening. If you recall, we did a big restructure at the beginning of the year, that's moving R&D and capacity and capital into those markets. Because I see the design wins, I have personally engaged with customers, we have LCSH, as it relates to vehicle electrification, all of these make me very bullish, but more importantly, very excited on the potential of ON in these markets. For your question about the COVID disruption, yes, we've seen -- we have seen disruption related to COVID in some of our supply chain, direct or indirect. But back to the demand environment, I think our operations and our manufacturing teams were wide, we were able to really redirect and service more demand by shifting the mix again. So there was disruption. We overcome that disruption. And now we're back on track. So let's call it a blip that we were able to sustain given the demand and given the work that we're doing on releasing more capacity.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions and congrats on the strong results. Hassane, I had a two-part question on gross margin. You talked about addressing price to value discrepancies. Just curious, what percentage of discrepancies have you been able to execute on in the form of price increases? And how much left is there to go? Guessing your tenure at ON, I'm guessing it's still very early innings. But curious how much is left? And then as my second part, in terms of the 300 millimeter transition, again, I believe it's very early in the process. But how do you see that evolving over the next couple of years and the impact on gross margins? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So the first question as it relates to price value, obviously, this is an ongoing effort. I would put it under the portfolio rationalization overall. So I don't break it out because of price or because of the shift, because all of those are material. If you start moving the ship to high value products, without touching the price that's going to impact the value you provide to customers. So I would say, like you mentioned, we're not done yet. That's a continuous improvement. Everywhere we look, there's opportunity. And more importantly, it's the momentum that the company is getting. If you think about it the first couple of quarters, I have been pushing a lot of that from the top. Right now it's part of our culture, it's part of how the teams are thinking about pricing strategies from new products and moving forward. So it's not a blip in time where oh, because of that environment, we're able to extract the value, it is structurally how we're moving forward. So new products are not going to be having those issues of price to value discrepancies, because we are pricing the new products and delivering the new products exactly at the value they provide customers. So that’s really how I look at it. Does that help?
Toshiya Hari: It does. And then the 300 millimeter transition? And -- sorry, as my follow-up, just on the OpEx side of things, I think you came in below the low end of your range for Q2, roughly 19% of sales. And then for Q3 your guidance implies an OpEx to sales ratio of around 18%. That compares with the prior management teams long-term target of 21%. So just curious, is 18% sort of the new normal, is it going to be a little bit higher, a little bit lower. Any thoughts on OpEx going forward would be helpful as well. Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So on the 300 millimeter, obviously it's a strategic asset. We have been working with Globalfoundries under our transition. We have not taken ownership of that fab yet. However, we're working very closely on starting to move volume into that fab. So when we take ownership, we hit the ground running and that, of course, is going to be supportive of our gross margin efforts from a product cost perspective. Where we are there, we're on track. I review this regularly as far as how many products have we qualified in the 300 millimeter fab, but more importantly, the customers that have qualified that fab for us to be able to ramp with them over '22 and into '23. So that's all on track. I'm happy with the progress, so that asset is going to be favorable for us in the long run, both from a capacity but also from a cost structure. And I will let Thad comment on the OpEx.
Thad Trent: Yes, on the OpEx side of things,  when we did a restructuring activity, and we said we'd realize the benefit of that cost savings over the course of the year. We accelerated that and we are able to recognize some of that earlier, and that's the impact that you're seeing here in Q2, that’s more favorable to our guidance. We still believe we're going to exit the year somewhere just north of $300 million on a quarterly run rate, and that becomes the new baseline. Obviously, you've got the reset of FICA and things like that going into next year, but that becomes kind of a run rate that we maintain. And then obviously, as we grow, we'll had OpEx back at a much slower pace than our revenue growth.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, guys, First of all, strong congratulations. These are stunning results. Hassane, I'm going to push you a little bit. In the last 5 years results, I think the peak happened at $1.5 billion or 38.5% gross margin, I think it was like 2018, or something like that. You're now talking almost $1.7 billion, 40%. So my question is, you've got a higher run rate, higher margins, how much is it a function of the actions that you've done and the actions that you've implemented in your opinion? I've got a follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. Of course, there's only one answer to that. It's all based on the stuff that we've been working on. But let me talk about the timing of it. Of course, the demand environment has helped accelerate a lot of these, as I talked about before. We've always had part of our structural or restructuring plan to start shifting portfolio and shifting that mix to high value, high margin high strategic products in our target markets of auto and industrial. That is part of the actions that we have been taking, and we started taking since I joined. They got accelerated with the demand environment because of the capacity constraints. What we've done is we release capacity from what I will call the legacy commodity products that we've always wanted to move away from part of my strategy, faster into putting that capacity on high value, high growth and strategic products that will grow with us over the next 5 to 10 years. So the actions are all there. The timing was accelerated and held by the current environment.
Harsh Kumar: I got you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Harsh, did I answer your question …
Harsh Kumar: Yes, it does. Thank you very much, and very helpful. And then, on following up on Toshiya's question, want to talk fabs and cost cuts. So can you remind us the timing of when you will actually have products running through Fishkill, because that could be -- it could be a great benefit also, very  that things don't go well, and you're running the factory empty. So when will you be at a point when you sort of utilized well from a timing angle? And then with that big 12-inch fab coming away, how many fabs do you think they will eventually need?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, so let me talk about the Fishkill first. We are running revenue and running volume today at Fishkill. Remember, it's a shared fact today with us and Globalfoundries, we have capacity or allocation part of that capacity out of the fab and Globalfoundries has their capacity part of our original agreement. We are already shipping qualified products to end customers that are generating revenue out of that fab. That revenue will keep increasing through '22, as I mentioned, and we're on track based on customer quals and our own product quals. So that progression is there. And obviously we will be talking about utilization once we take ownership of that fab in '23 and through '24. But right now it's more of an allocation because the fab is still not owned by ON. But I measure in this case, are we shipping what we need to be shipping to our customers based on the quality because that's really the latency that you usually get, and we're on track with that. As far as how many fabs we need to run our operations, obviously, that's not something I can comment on today. My focus is really on rationalizing our manufacturing footprint to going to a fab lighter, so we will have less fabs, but I will be ready to comment more on it as we are ready, and we have communicated plans to that specifically.
Harsh Kumar: Hey, guys, very helpful. Congrats again.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Mark Lipacis: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, sorry to come back to the gross margins. But it sounds like there's something really different going on with ON than the last 10 or 15 years. So, Thad, in your script, I think when you talked about the gross margin upside, you said mix efficiency execution and cost containment. I don't think I heard pricing in there. And then, Hassane, you use the expression price to value discrepancy, which I thought was a code word for  prices. But it sounds like if you're shifting the mix on your limited capacity to the higher value products. So -- and -- so the question is on the last -- so I guess there's a clarification, I just want to make sure I got that right. And for me, the question is, over the last 10, 15 years I covered on, when things are bad, you hear about 6% to 10% price pressure, and then when things are good, you hear about 5% to 10% price improvements. Is that part of your business gone? Is this -- is ON now a much lower volatility business on the much less subject to pricing pressure. And then I had a follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: So the short answer is yes. Strategically if you -- I think one of them, it was the first conference that I attended back in January, the CES conference where I really put my focus on gross margin improvement through manufacturing footprint rationalization and product portfolio rationalization. Those are two strategic directions that I've set as far as what we need to do right now. So what does portfolio rationalization mean, in the terms that you describe, which are very accurate. One is, look at which one -- which products are we going to grow in and which products are, legacy where we're not going to be investing in and start shifting that to the high strategic products where we want to play. Now, that's more forward looking. Meaning it is not a point in time where those products are now better mix. And when the market goes the other way, we're going to have to see what you said, the 6%. What we are seeing is we are shifting that to the strategic products that are starting even to grow and will maintain growth over the next 5 to 10 years. That's the structural portfolio mix that we have done. So once the front from the last 15 years, is -- I don't need fab fillers. When you have fab filler products, which are low value, discrete commoditized products, you keep shoving them in the path, and they go up and down with the market. We're moving away from that, we're moving to strategic high value products that are going to grow over time. And that capacity has been taken away from the discrete commodity product, I call that volatility. So in summary, when you shift your mix to strategic growth products, that volatility disappears because that's a growth trajectory and a growth trajectory only. Whatever demand does, it's going to be growth, maybe it's not high growth, but it's still growth. That's the structural impact of the portfolio rationalization.
Mark Lipacis: That’s very helpful.
Hassane El-Khoury: I’m ready for your follow-up.
Mark Lipacis:  Yes, great. That's really helpful. Thank you for spilling that out for me. The -- what are you looking at on for leading indicators to tell you that customers are getting over their skis on their orders? And maybe can you talk about any dynamics you're seeing on any cancellations or push outs or anything like that? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, there are many times that we look at. I have analytics to be able to see obviously you're not always going to see 100% around the corner. But I'm comfortable with the visibility we get. Both Thad and I review it, more than once a week in order to make sure we don't miss anything. But not to be joking about it, but the biggest gauge in how many escalation calls I get from customers is the biggest indicator. When I, my phone stopped ringing often stops ringing off the hook 50 times a day, then I know we're not where we are today. So both of these, you have the analytics, but you also have that, call it subjective field that you get. And both of those lead me to believe that this is going into the first half of '22.
Thad Trent: And, Mark, just to add, we're not seeing any meaningful cancellations or push outs at this time. We've also taken the inventory and the channels down so that we can manage that escalation process, whether that customer is in the channel or direct. And essentially making sure customers are getting the inventory just as they need it rather than stockpiling it. So we're doing our best to manage it. And I think we've got good analytics and visibility of what's happening right now.
Mark Lipacis: That's great, color. Thanks, guys. Really appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Raji Gill from Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Raji Gill: Yes, thank you, and congrats as well on great momentum across the board. Just picking up on your commentary around the inventory, I think last quarter, you had talked about that you wanted to build inventory on your balance sheet, while reducing inventory in the channel, that you're actively reducing channel inventory, while holding more inventory on your own balance sheet in order to allocate the right products to the right customers, and therefore preventing any excess inventory sitting in the channel. Wondering how that strategy is playing out this quarter? And how do we think about that over the next couple of quarters in a continuation of the supply constrained environment.
Thad Trent: Yes, so we are at a 8.4 weeks in the channel last quarter. We're at 7.3 weeks this quarter. So on a revenue value, that was a decrease of almost $43 million in channel inventory. At the same time, our balance sheet inventory went up slightly in terms of dollars, up $14 million, but down in terms of days, it went down in 8 days. So we're still executing to that strategy of putting that inventory. Obviously, as inventory becomes available, finished goods become available, we're showing them. So as we look forward, we think we'll continue the strategy through the remainder of this year. I think inventory in the channel is going to stay  level kind of plus or minus. And I think our inventory on our balance sheet will probably remain relatively flat to down slightly, just depending on our capacity to get more supply. So, through the remainder of this year, we don't see a change in our strategy of holding that inventory.
Raji Gill: And just a couple more follow-ups again on -- Thad, you mentioned that you had secured additional supply, internally. Wondering if you can elaborate further on how much supply you're able to get? What were the steps that you did in order to kind of alleviate that supply and increase more supply and how we think about more supply coming online, whether internally or externally. And just, Hassane, I just have a question on the automotive revenue. You've had record automotive revenue, you obviously want to shift to electric vehicles, energy, renewable energy infrastructure. Maybe give us some updated thoughts on your silicon carbide power products and power modules for charging stations and onboard chargers. Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes, so, Raji, in terms of the supply, and what we saw in our utilization was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter, but we got more supply out. So this is really the optimization efficiency of our manufacturing site. We manufacture about 65% of our own product in-house, 35% outside. We still remain severely constrained on the outside, but we've got more control on the inside with what we can do. So as our manufacturing team has executed, we've been able to just squeeze more out of the existing footprint. And then if you look forward to our Q3 day, which is up at the midpoint, you can see we're getting more supply coming in Q3 as well. So again, this is just really the optimization of that.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, and as far as your second question about our power products, obviously, I mentioned renewable energy, I mentioned electric vehicles, which for me is both traction and onboard charging. So as the power demand goes off as far as the need from customers, think about the fast charging, whether it's onboard charging or infrastructure. The charger on the road, or attraction, where we are winning and why we are winning is our highly competitive efficiency metric that comes from the province and technology that we are flexing, but more importantly, our packaging technology. When you put those two together, you get a LiDAR and more efficient traction module. LiDAR is obviously good for EVs for distance. But lighter and smaller is also good for packaging. So we're able to get the same quality equivalent power output of our silicon and silicon carbide modules. And I talked about module being the device, and the packaging is better than the equivalent competitor power output. That's where we went. You'll hear a little bit more about that at the analyst day. But that's what I tie our current winds to. And when I look at the funnel, I talk to the customer, since I've taken over a lot of customers I call is why do we win? Why do you pick on and those are the ones that I'm pushing into our strategy to do more of, and where they say we lack we're putting R&D in order to leapfrog the competition. So all of these give me the confidence; one, on our posture to date, our posture with a design win forward looking that's going to fuel our growth. And more importantly, where we are investing R&D to sustain that momentum forward looking.
Raji Gill: Great. Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for let me ask the question. Congratulation the solid results. I'd like to go back to kind of the significant growth margin upside you've seen over the last couple of quarters. I'm just kind of curious, what inning do you think you're in as far as repositioning the portfolio to higher margin? And I guess, was there any meaningful sort of advantage to kind of trying to price yourself out of certain businesses right now? And customers didn't walk away so that we saw some cyclical pricing advantage to either the June gross margins, for the September gross margins?
Thad Trent: Yes. So, look, where as far as any call, we're in early innings. As far as what we're able to do, you're starting to see the momentum of the work we've done in Q1 and Q2, starting to kind of come about we haven't seen the benefit from some of the manufacturing rationalization, the actual fab divestitures, that at least the ones that we've talked about, you haven't seen that benefit yet. So that's going to feel more of the gross margin expansion forward looking. Right now it's on, cost, product, product, mix, product costs, product value, et cetera. All of those are what you're seeing today. So there's more to come as you -- as we deploy and execute our strategy, forward looking. So that gives me the comfort of where we are, as far as in our trajectory, and the gross margin expansion.
John Pitzer: That's all for. And then Hassane, the gross margins were impressive. I would argue the free cash flow, which was even more impressive. And if you looked at your stairs, your share schedule, on your website, that there's not a lot of dilution coming down as the stock price goes up. So I'm kind of curious how you guys are thinking about sort of the use of cash and cash return. Given how strong the free cash flow generation looks like it was in the quarter and should continue that.
Thad Trent: Yes, John, its Thad. You’re right. Now that if we took out that convert and swapped it out for a new convert that old one was heavily in the money. So the dilution impact is in significant as what you're seeing in the past and if you look at our guidance, for next quarter, 436 million shares, it's just up to small . So as we think about the cash generation, right now its balance sheet flexibility, it's continuing to pay down the debt. long-term, we'll look at returning capital to shareholders, but right now its reinvest in the business and have balance sheet flexibility.
John Pitzer: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Congratulations on the solid results and execution. The Image sensor business, again, they grew both auto and industrial on a quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year basis. And I know most of this business is outsourced. You talked previously about being supply constrained into the first half of next year. As that supply normalization actually pushed out given the strong demand you're seeing? And then just given the strategic nature of sensing to your strategy and portfolio, is this a technology and product segment that the team is actually thinking about potentially bringing in-house.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, so that you're absolutely right. This is very constrained because majority of or all of it is foundry big . Now as far as over the long-term strategy about what we do outside or inside, we'll be talking more about that in our Analyst Day. But it is fundamental to our strategy. And therefore, the supply constraint is not something we can solve right now. Right now, it's more on optimize the existing supply chain that we have. Because imagine that technology is not you can pick up a fab, whether internal or external and get some expansion. There's a lot of R&D work that needs to go into qualifying and running that image sensing technologies and various specific facts that required CapEx and R&D. Obviously, we're looking at all options, but right now through, call it, '22. It's what more can we get out of the foundries partners?
Harlan Sur: Got it. And then normally, the team's December quarter from a seasonal perspective is flat to down  sequentially, but just given the strong demand velocity, given the backlog visibility combined with your supply additions coming on into the second half, would the team anticipate a better than seasonal growth trend for the December quarter?
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, I don't think we can talk about seasonality, but I'll let Thad comment. But seasonality at this point is really, we don't -- we have the demand. Right now our top line and our forward looking is based on the supply and the mix, we were able to get out of our footprint.
Thad Trent: Yes. So, Hassane is right. We're limited by supply and the demand is there. So within the fourth quarter, we think we're going to be at the top end of our normal seasonality, which normal seasonality is kind of flat to down 2%.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi, Hassane and Thad. Congratulations on a great quarter and guide. Just wondering on the EV and ADAS, looks like really strong growth there. Could you give us some color on how that grew sequentially? And as you exit the year, if you can talk to what the mix you see, especially with the traction on the EV side. How that EV  mix gross year-on-year as a percent of revenues? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: We're not breaking up by technology or by sub segments. We're just looking at the automotive. We expect automotive to maintain the growth. Obviously, its limited by what I mentioned earlier and to the prior question, on the ADAS side from the supply and imaging, which we are highly constrained on. As far as the rest of our power products or call it the silicon non-imaging product-- power products, that's going to be on based on how much we are able to get more out of our supply chain footprint as Thad mentioned through the efficiencies that our supply chain team has been working on. So I don't see the momentum there. There is growth built in. Demand is there. And right now it's how much of that demand can we service.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And as we look out, I know Thad mentioned going into Q4 more like the top end flattish. But wondering if you can give some idea on how the book-to-bill is trending? How it was in Q2, how you see Q3, Q4?  some idea there in terms of how orders are coming in? Thanks.
Thad Trent: Yes, Vijay, I mean, the book-to-bill is strong, right, it remain strong. We think it's going to continue through the remainder of the year. Again, it's supply that’s the issue. We're not seeing major cancellations or push outs. We're seeing just consistent strength right now. So we're not seeing any major swings in the book-to-bill.
Vijay Rakesh: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein from Truist. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. I want to add my hearty congratulations to great results and even better outlook, and I appreciate your taking my questions. First, the compute end market was particularly strong in the quarter. I think you attributed that or you least highlighted graphics cards to part of the success there. I'm wondering if you can talk about trends in that end market as we look out over the next couple quarters. There's been some concern about perhaps in aggregate inventories or mismatched bills of materials that might cause a hiccup in that end market. I wonder what you're seeing in terms of the outlook there? And then I do a follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, we're seeing trends in both cloud and the server market. So that -- it's over market growth. But if you look what customers are doing, there is more and more capacity for expansion in these markets, and that's what we're correlating on our demand. So I think the market took a pause in 2020, and maybe at the beginning of '21 and now it's starting to pick up. From an investment side, I don't see that kind of slowing down. We're going to keep monitoring and just like we are every other market and our focus in these is limited to what we want to do on the product side. Those are what I would call adjacent markets, where we have very compelling and competitive products that we are able to service in these markets and we're going to be pushing that -- through to our customers. But from the science and the data I get from our customers directly, there's capacity expansion on their side and that gives me the visibility on the confidence and the demand that we have on our backlog for these markets.
William Stein: Great. And then as a follow-up, you talked about capacity expansion in the next few quarters. I may have missed it, but is there an aggregate -- a sort of unit growth or dollar growth that's getting built in as we think about demand and supply perhaps rationalizing, or coming into somewhat of a thesis in the first half of next year as you've highlighted. What should we think about your total capacity as we progress into that timeframe?
Thad Trent: Bill, I would say, we've got a couple of things going on. We've got 300 millimeter fabs coming in line and  continuing the push -- production in there. We our supply constraint, we will continue to optimize. But I would look at just our supply as being at least through the time horizon. You're talking about the first half of next year has been pretty steady with some small increase as we continue to optimize and get more output.
William Stein: Thanks. Congrats, again.
Thad Trent: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Congrats as well on all the progress you've made in just a few quarters, guys. The first question is for Hassane. Hassane, LTSAs were a big deal for you guys at Cypress . Can you expand there, perhaps what you -- what end markets you're looking to deal long-term supply agreements for, how they're being used strategically. And ultimately, do you guys have a goal of kind of what percent of revenue you ultimately want under long-term agreements?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Chris, so obviously, our focus is to start with: number one, our strategic markets and two, strategic products and strategic customers in those markets. That's kind of the priority that we are doing because -- and that's the start because think about it from a strategic perspective. I wouldn't want to lock in supply before I get all of my automotive customers taken care of, for example. And once that happens, then you start going automotive industrial and it's based on customers and the breadth of customer within . Are they buying multiple products where cross selling plays a big impact in our decision? Or is it a one product? So that helps us strategically assess where we are. Obviously, our goal is to remain and support all of the customers that we have, and that's how we're going to maintain that role. But as far as LTSA, I'm starting with strategic -- market strategic customers and breadth of customers, because that's what's going to fuel, one, our growth, but more importantly, our stickiness the broader we are, the more sticky we are because that's where the value comes in, not from a product, but from a company perspective. So that's  a percent, given that I really don't have a percent target. What I want is to drive the right strategic behavior because if I throw a percent out there, I guarantee we will meet it. My view is I'm looking at it strategically, whatever the percent ends up, it ends up, but we do have based on the product lines, so not at the group level, but a click below that they have kind of targets where we may not want to go up to 80%, for example, because you want to keep 20% or 30% dynamic for the growth that we get from new customers that are not yet at the level, we want to do an LTSA. So there's a lot of play in there. And we're taking a very, very surgical on an account market and  segment basis.
Christopher Rolland: Excellent. And then a question around the fab footprint. First of all, any updates on your existing fabs for sale? And then secondly, on East Fishkill, the prior management team talked about $2.3 billion in additional revenue. Do you have an update there? In this environment, do you think that could be substantially higher?
Thad Trent: In terms of the sound footprint, we continue to look at it in deep discussions with a couple -- well, quite a few parties actually on the two fabs that we publicly announced. So those are tracking along. As you know, it takes time to exit a fab, right. Getting the structure in place is more important than the timing of the exit. So even though we haven't announced something, we're still along our path of timing, but it does take time, but things are progressing nicely there.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look on the EFK, on the East Fishkill fab, obviously we are in a path to -- we're changing even the mix of what goes in that path based on our new strategy and our new direction. I wouldn't put yet a number to it. Of course, we're getting it because it's going to drive incremental growth that is part of the strategy. But I'll be more comfortable disclosing that number and that target and how we progress against it, once we have ownership of that fab.
Christopher Rolland: Great. Thanks, guys. Great progress.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over back to Mr. Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you all for joining us today. I once again thank our worldwide team for their hard work and driving our transformation and solid results. It's been an exciting few quarters and we are firing on all cylinders. We remain focused on our execution and our drive to streamline our business and unlock our value. I look forward to seeing you all at our Analyst Day in a few days for a deeper look into our strategy and our transformation.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the ON Semiconductor First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.  I would now like to turn the call over to Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Denise. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation’s first quarter 2021 quarterly results conference call. I am joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO and Thad Trent, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2021 first quarter earnings release will be available on our website at approximately 1 hour following this conference call and a recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels, share count and 2021 fiscal calendar are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures with the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, large, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the first quarter of 2021. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other events that may occur, except as required by law. Our Analyst Day is scheduled for August 5. We plan to host an event in New York City and we look forward to seeing you all in person in the summer. We will send out further details regarding the event in a few weeks. Now, let me turn it over to Hassane. Hassane?
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you, Parag and thank you everyone for joining us today. For the first quarter of 2021, we posted strong results driven by solid execution and broad-based strength across our strategic end markets. We reported revenue of $1.48 billion, up 16% year-over-year. More importantly, our focus on gross margin expansion is beginning to show results, with first quarter gross margin increasing by 370 basis points year-over-year and by 80 basis quarter-over-quarter. We have taken steps to optimize our product portfolio and channel strategy to ensure that we capture the right value for our products and these steps will continue to drive favorable and sustainable results. At the same time, we continue to drive cost improvements throughout our supply chain, improving efficiency of our operations and shifting our product mix towards higher margins.
Thad Trent: Thanks, Hassane. Let me start by saying that I am energized to join ON Semiconductor at a very exciting time for our company. We have tremendous opportunities to create value for our shareholders, customers and employees as we execute our strategic transformation. We have the building blocks of a robust product portfolio, excellent teams and operational scale to drive sustainable financial results during this transition. Now, let me comment on the current business environment. During the first quarter of 2021, we saw continuing recovery in business conditions, driven by further acceleration in global economic activity. We are seeing broad-based strength across most end-markets as semiconductor content continues to increase in the products we encounter in our daily lives. As Hassane mentioned, we continue to benefit from the secular megatrends in automotive and industrial end market, which now account for 60% of our total revenue. Although the industry is faced with severe supply constraints globally, we have supported our customers through a proactive inventory management by taking channel inventory down, while holding more on our balance sheet. We believe supply and demand will start to balance later in the year. Now, let me turn to results for the quarter. Revenue for the first quarter of 2021 was $1.48 billion, an increase of 16% over the first quarter of 2020 and 2.4% quarter-over-quarter versus normal seasonality of a sequential decline of 2% to 3%. The year-over-year increase in revenue was driven by broad-based strength with automotive and industrial growing by 16% and 17% respectively. Gross margin for the first quarter of 2021 was 35.2%, a 370 basis point improvement year-over-year and an 80 basis point improvement sequentially. The gross margin improvements are being driven by improved mix to higher margin products, improved utilization and our laser focus on cost structures across the company. Our factory utilization was 84% as we ramp production to align with the strong in demand. As we move forward, our fab lighter strategy will allow us to continue to reduce our manufacturing footprint and optimize the mix of products within our fabs to reduce our overall cost structure. GAAP earnings per share for the first quarter, was $0.20 per diluted share as compared to a net loss of $0.03 per share in the first quarter of 2020. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter of 2021 was $0.35 per diluted share as compared to $0.10 per share in the first quarter of 2020.
Operator: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Congrats on the strong results and guide. I guess the first question I had is on the supply side. Obviously, demand is strong across the board. But on the supply side, Hassane, I wondered if there is any impact limiting your revenues from supply limitations either internally or elsewhere in the supply chain and probably more importantly, any impact of your product rationalization efforts on your total revenues and then just how that process is going currently?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Thanks, Ross. So look, the obvious answer is yes. It’s impacting our ability to ship to the demand that we have. So, revenue could have been higher if we did not have any constraint in a perfect world. However, we are where we are as an industry, but that’s not really impacting what we are doing moving forward on the portfolio rationalization to answer your second question, because it’s actually helping us. We kind of know already based on the strategic reviews that we have done, where we are going to be landing and we are putting priority on these products, especially when it comes to internal utilization. Like Thad mentioned, we have good utilization this quarter. Now, it’s really maintaining the optimization and running the growth and the high margin products within our fabs and that fits very well with the rationalization, creating more capacity for the products that we want to maintain.
Ross Seymore: That’s a perfect segue to my follow-up question Hassane or Thad, either one of you guys. The utilization, I think, Thad, you said is at 85% already. It’s good to see that back to normal levels. Can you talk about some of the drivers of gross margin going forward? The product optimization you just mentioned Hassane is an obvious one, but I assume that’s going to take a little bit of time to bear fruit. So, the second quarter gross margin is showing a nice pop, is that simply the utilization rising again and kind of what are the steps to get that gross margin from the 36.5% to 37% up to your target range with before handle?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, we have launched a gross margin initiative corporate wide. So, there is not a single pop that caused the margin in Q2 that we guided to. It’s really across the board. Of course, some of it is utilization, but we have a laser focus on cost optimization within the supply chain. We have been talking strategically with our customers about some of the cost increases that we have seen and how we pass some of those on. There is operational efficiencies that we have been doing. We have seen some of that start in the first quarter. And that’s why I called it the favorable and sustainable moving forward that’s kind of where you are going to see us clicking up. Utilization will get better over time, but more importantly, where the lift for gross margin is going to be is what I mentioned in the prior answer is as we start shifting more of our internal capacity to higher gross margin products and offloading the, call it, the legacy or the harvest product line, that’s going to create a mix shift to the higher gross margin that will come of course with better utilization.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danley with Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danley: Hey, thanks guys and I will add my congrats on the strong quarter and outlook. So, would you say that the shortages are getting better in Q2 or getting a little worse? And then how do you expect this easing of demand you talked about in the second half of the year? Could we have like a sub-seasonal quarter or do you expect to go from above seasonal back to normal seasonal?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So look, the expectation is really what we are talking with our customers and how I would call it the velocity of how fast the demand is coming. I talked last call that the problem has not been really on the capacity per se, it has been on how quickly that demand came and layered on a very strong quarter. So, that’s the velocity. So, when I talk about demand and supply and demand subsiding in the second half of the year or towards the end of the year, I am not talking about really demand going call it weaker or backwards. I am talking about the momentum, but it will remain at a very healthy and not – and better than seasonal outlook. So, that’s where we see the demand. But the balancing of us being able to catch up to the demand is going to happen, I would say, towards the second half of the year.
Thad Trent: Yes. And Chris, this is Thad. I would just add, if you take the midpoint of our guidance for Q2, that’s our record for the company, right. It’s up 9% sequentially. As you look into Q3, I think coming off that high mark, we will be sub-seasonal in Q3 and then probably return to seasonal in Q4.
Chris Danley: Okay. Thanks, guys. That’s helpful. And then for my follow-up, I guess between your own input costs and raw material going up and then any chance for, I guess, firmer pricing on your products, how do you expect the total impact of that to be towards margins? Do you think it kind of negates everything out or do you think that, that could be a little bit of lift to the margins as far as like your own pricing goes versus the input costs?
Hassane El-Khoury: It’s – pricing is a small portion of our gross margin trajectory, because obviously right now we are in a favorable environment, but what we are looking for is those sustainable pricing structures and sustainable cost structures that will remain favorable and the up or down. And that’s you always hear me talk about structural gross margin improvement. That’s how we are going to get there. So to answer your question more directly, there is not a one size fits all. It’s not a one to one. It’s really talking to our strategic customers in order to reset, one, is the cost basis. But more importantly, in some cases, there is a value to price discrepancy and we are even covering that with some strategic customers and commitment to a longer term supply, because today, that’s really the most important thing is how do we prevent this, where we are today from happening to our customers over the next 3 to 5 years. That’s really where the focus is, is getting those agreements, getting those long-term views for us and the customers both on supply and on pricing.
Chris Danley: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hassane, you mentioned – Thad mentioned Q2 up 9% sequentially, I was hoping you could give us some color on which end markets could be above or below that number? But then also importantly, you are guiding to record sales in Q2, but gross margins will still be 200 basis points below right prior peaks and I am curious what’s causing that delta?
Hassane El-Khoury: So, the demand is pretty broad. So, there is not a single end market Obviously, all our focus and our strategic end markets are going to see strength, and that really is mirrored across the industry when you talk about auto and industrial and so on. So, I wouldn’t say there’s a one specific end market that’s going to drive the majority of it.
Thad Trent: Yes. On the gross margin compared to the historical, if you go back to 2018, which was the peak, I believe, was Q3 of ‘18, our – the midpoint of our guidance for Q2 would be about 5% higher than that peak. But you are right, the margins are lower, and that’s primarily because of the investments the company has been making in the capital, so our depreciation has been going up as we have been ramping up the balance in East Fishkill. Obviously, as we go forward, and we rationalize that footprint because that will give us some opportunities to improve those margins as we talked about as well. But that’s the primary driver and the difference between the two.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Thank you. And for my follow-up, I am curious, Hassane, how does – what we have seen in the last few months is companies that had better internal capacity, right, are able to withstand this chip shortage issue better than their competitors. So, as you think about ON for the next few years, how does kind of reducing lead time and being responsive to customers align with the goal of having a lighter fab footprint over time? Do you think you can achieve both, be very responsive to customers, but still have a lighter fab footprint? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, absolutely. I am highly confident that we are able to do both. And from – obviously, we have been working on the rationalization of our portfolio and the manufacturing footprint since I joined the company. And I see a path for achieving both. And that’s going to be really with the rationalization. When you have a pretty broad footprint, it could be as easy as streamlining technologies within a fab, you will get better utilization, you will get better cost while still running a very different set of products. It doesn’t change really the overall products you run. It will change the volumes at which you can run per fab by just streamlining on a technology basis or even in the back end on a package basis. By removing all these inefficiencies, we are able to even get more out of our existing fab footprint or back-end footprint. And then as we restructure and consolidate, you are going to get that volume upside to maintain our growth. So we are going to be able to get both confidently.
Thad Trent: Yes. And Vivek, just to clarify, right, as we talk about being fab lighter, it’s not necessarily going outside. We will still run the same volume in our fab. It will be just as long as a higher throughput in those fabs and then also looking at subscale fabs and doing something with those to reduce that footprint. But it isn’t necessarily shifting from inside to the outside.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Raji Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Raji Gill: Yes. Thank you and congrats on the good momentum. Thad, just a question on the decision to kind of build inventory on the balance sheet, while simultaneously reducing inventory in the distribution channel. Maybe you could walk us through kind of the rationale of that decision? And when you are talking about kind of demand-supply rebalancing later this year, can you give us some thoughts in terms of kind of where we are right now and what are the steps that you are taking in order to kind of get the supply in balance relative to demand? Is it more demand is just decelerating? And then or is the combination where demand is decelerating and supply is starting to increase to meet that level of demand? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. I think I lost track of the first question.
Thad Trent: The first question is on the balance – sorry on the balance sheet.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Yes. Okay, so let me address that, sorry. So, we made the decision, obviously, we were running at about 11 weeks of inventory last quarter. Our target range is 11 weeks to 13 weeks of inventory in the channel. We dropped it to 8.4 weeks. The logic there is it doesn’t make sense to have inventories sitting on the shelves of the distributors versus supporting customers. So, by holding on our balance sheet, we can support the customers either through the channel or directly, but it allows us to ensure that we are allocating the products to the right customers at the right time versus just having it sit in the channel for extended weeks. So, it was a proactive decision basically for customer support.
Thad Trent: No, I mean, I was going to tackle your second question about demand. So from the demand perspective, it’s really there are a few things going on. One is a lot of the work that we have done that I mentioned earlier about changing the mix and streamlining our footprint, we have more supply coming online. Not through capital expenditure, but literally through streamlining our operations, part of the initiatives that we have for our strategy. So, that’s going to help increase our supply, but also the velocity that the demand came in will start to subside, which means that we are able to get more visibility on what the steady-state demand is in order for us to build for that. What’s been happening is we get the demand signal, we start the wafers, then the demand gets stronger, we start wafers. But those wafers have a latency before they get out, and that’s why we are in the supply constraint. But as we are getting more stable, outlook of demand which remains by the way at a very healthy level, I am not talking about demand going backwards, I am talking about the velocity, the demand kind of stabilizing. We are able to start material for that demand, and that will get us towards the end of the year on a balanced supply and demand picture.
Raji Gill: And for my follow-up, in terms of the automotive market, you had record automotive revenue, as you stated. Can you talk about kind of what you are seeing in that industry as we progress throughout the year in terms of SAR production, are we done with the kind of the component shortages impacting production? Do we still have more way to go? And so how do we think about the overall industry? And then how do we think about kind of your momentum in silicon carbide and electric vehicles?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I think as an industry, automotive is going to remain strong. There is low inventory across the board. I don’t know when anybody try to buy a car lately, but there is not no inventory anywhere, whether it’s rental cars or new cars or used cars. So, that’s going to fuel the strength that we are seeing. And obviously, we do have pockets where some of the OEMs have reduced production because of the supply. And we do have some ad hoc issues in the industry. Like unfortunately, the renaissance fire that happened in the fab, that also has an impact on where the demand is going to be. But that doesn’t change the overall picture for automotive being one of the strongest years I have seen. Our momentum remains very strong. Obviously, we keep talking about a content story. So, as those vehicles are back online, we are going to see our content grow with that, and that’s part of our growth trajectory, not just for this year, but moving forward. And that includes our silicon carbide. I am very close to our silicon carbide initiatives here in the company. And more importantly, I am watching very closely and personally engaged with customers on platform design wins that are going to fuel our growth from the revenue and the margin. But what I like about our silicon carbide story is, we are not just on the electrification of the vehicle itself, although that’s a great area, we are also engaged on the infrastructure, whether it’s onboard charging or infrastructure charging. That’s going to also fuel because as we get more and more EVs on the road, we need to have an infrastructure to charge them, and we are engaged with that. And that’s also going to be part of the industrial strategy for us.
Raji Gill: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hassane, I wanted to come back to your comment about Q3 revenue potentially being sub-seasonal. You talked about very strong demand across your key markets. Inventory up and down the supply chain seems pretty low, including your distis channel, and you have got idiosyncratic drivers of growth in power and image sensors and so on and so forth. So I am just trying to better understand why Q3 would be sub-seasonal given the backdrop? And then I have got a quick follow-up.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I mean, if you talk about sub-seasonal, Q3 is usually up 3% to 4%. But you have to remember, we are coming off of a 9% up quarter in Q2, which is typically 3% to 4% down. So, when we talk about seasonality, for this year, you can throw that a little bit out the window. What we are looking is just maximizing our supply in order to meet the maximum demand we can. So, demand remains strong. So, even if we talk about sub-seasonal Q3, that’s still a very healthy Q3 coming off of a second quarter with a 9% sequential growth.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. So, from your standpoint, is supply a bigger issue in Q3 than it is in Q2? Is that a fair statement or no?
Hassane El-Khoury: No. I wouldn’t say it’s bigger. I think we are still going to be navigating the same supply constraints that we see.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. Got it. And then as a quick follow-up, I was hoping you could give us an update on Belgium and Niigata. I know you are in conversations with potential counterparties, but any update there? And I think on prior calls, you have mentioned each fab potential sale would give you 10s, 20s of millions of dollars in cost savings? Does that continue to be the case? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I mean, we have nothing new to report. Obviously, as soon as we conclude anything, we will make sure that becomes public. But where the status you stated is exactly where we are.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi, guys. Great quarter and guide out of the box. Just a question on the automotive side. You mentioned silicon carbide. Obviously, on the EV side, that continues to grow. Any thoughts on how you see that percentage? And how you see that growing in ‘21, ‘22? And what is it as a percent of your auto revenues there? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: I think it’s going to stay. We don’t break it up specifically. We look at our electrification, both silicon carbide and IGBT that’s been growing. It’s going to continue to grow. And as more silicon carbide sees its way on the penetration as far as technology from the IGBT as customers crossover over next, call it, 2 years to 3 years, we are just going to be growing our content with that. But right now, our focus is layering in all the design wins in order for us to be able to do that. And we are on track.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And on the 300-millimeter side, can you give us some idea of how you are ramping that, where do you expect utilizations as you look out this year, next year as you move some products into 300-millimeter as well? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I mean we are on track to move in this, but just to remind everybody we don’t take ownership of the fab until 2023. So, until then it remains an outside fab, but our focus is to make sure all of our products that we want to be running there is in there, not just qualified internally but qualified with our customers, so when we take ownership of that fab, we are able to ramp it as planned.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley Securities. Your line is open.
Craig Ellis: Yes. Thanks for taking the question guys. Congratulations on the strategic progress so far. I wanted to start with a longer term question, Hassane, you mentioned that you are working on some long-term agreements with some of your customers. The question is what percent of sales could those be in 2021? And as we look out over the next 3 years to 4 years, how much larger could those long-term agreements be as you have a couple of years to work on it. And to use auto as one example, would that mean, for example, that in auto, you could actually accelerate the premium industry growth that I think the company has talked about 10 percentage points or would those long-term agreements really leave relative growth unchanged versus what the company has been looking for?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I wouldn’t say it will change our growth target because our growth targets are pretty aggressive when you compare them to the SAR numbers over the next few years. So, I am very comfortable with those. Now of course, from the prior question, if silicon carbide accelerates faster than what we think, then that’s going to be higher growth for us than we expected. So, there are some puts and takes on the growth trajectory. And that’s why what the growth we have provided is a pretty well balanced growth. As far as the long-term agreements, I look at them as more outlook confidence. If you look out over the next few years, we want to be able to spare capacity. We want to be able to potentially build or shift capacity into the strategic products we want. And we are engaged with customers to make sure that their demands over the next few years are met. And that comes with a 2-way where we make sure the investments are made in the areas where we see the growth. And from the customers side, the investment is made in order to give us the visibility and the long-term agreement for us to make sure that we are building for the right domain. So, it’s a win-win for our strategic customers. We have been working with a lot of them in order to make sure that what we experienced in 2021 does not occur again. And that only comes with a steady and outward-looking demand signal that they will commit to.
Craig Ellis: That makes a lot of sense. And then the follow-up is for you that. So, a number of times in the commentary prepared and Q&A, the company mentioned strategic mix out. The question is, are we starting to see that in the business, for example, I noted communications was down 10% year-on-year in the first quarter, when will we see that impact peak in the business? Is that later in 2021 or would that be sometime more distant in 2022? Thank you.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. As we go through our strategic review process, it’s too early to really see those results coming through our financials at this point. I think you will see that shifting much further out in 2022, probably hitting the revenue numbers. So, I wouldn’t look at this quarter as being indicative of the strategic markets that we are focused on. Obviously, auto and industrial will be strategic to us, but I wouldn’t read more into that on a short-term basis.
Craig Ellis: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. There have been some rumors about some CMOS image sensor tightness out there. Can you guys talk about that market specifically? And are there any supply constraints there that you guys are seeing, whether you specifically or anywhere in the supply chain for those modules? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: The short answer is yes. We see it – most of it is – well, all of it is foundry for us, and we all know the foundry situation. Part of our allocation strategy that I have been discussing or hinting at during the call applies to image sensing. But for sure, there is tightness in the market.
Christopher Rolland: Great. And then perhaps tying into that as well, just a discussion about East Fishkill. So 2023, that’s when you guys get the fabs. But are you able to ramp meaningfully before that? Is there some additional capacity that you can kind of touch there? And then this supply chain tightness that we have seen out there, has that accelerated qualifications or re-qualifications from other fabs to this fab? You have talked about $2 billion-plus of revenue. So I guess, putting all the pieces together, where are you guys going to be in 2023 when you get this fab in terms of utilizations, in terms of ramping to that $2 billion plus revenue? Has this put you guys in a better position? And where do you see that position? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, we still have a few years on. We have looked at the products that we are moving. We have reprioritized in order to make sure the products we are moving with higher priority are the strategic products, the growth products that I have been talking about, part of the portfolio rationalization. So those, of course, we are going to try to accelerate. But as you know, with a lot of product quals, it is not how hard or how fast you work, it takes time to qualify. There are x number of hours you have to test and those hours have to pass. We can do parallel quals we can do customer quals, and we are doing all of the above to make sure that when we take ownership of the fab in 2023, it has the maximum utilization we can get to at that time given all of the demand that we have. As far as the short-term, of course, we maintain a close relationship with global foundries that operates the fab, and we navigate the supply constraints, just like we do with any outside foundry.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks Hassane.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Thank you. Good morning. The first question is about the production plan as we go through the year. And it sounds like you would be ramping production pretty significantly now to catch up on supply, and that’s obviously having a margin benefit now. What does that look like as we go into the second half with revenue potentially flattening out as you go to Q3? Does that mean utilization comes down a bit or – and I guess, what does that imply for gross margins as we go into the second half of the year?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. As I mentioned, utilization is currently at 84%. It was mid-70s last quarter. As we look through the remainder of the year, we think it’s going to stay right in that level based on the projections we are seeing in the backlog. So, when we talk about the second half coming back into balance, it’s balanced really at this level, right. So, we don’t expect the utilizations to drop much through the remainder of the year.
Chris Caso: Alright. So just as a follow-on to that, given what some of your peers have said about expecting tight supply through the year. Do you expect you will still have the opportunity to improve the mix as you go through the year, prioritize some of the higher-margin products and therefore, still get a mixed benefit as you go through the second half?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, absolutely. I mean that’s – we have already started doing that. And we hope to get more favorable mix and optimize those fabs as we go through the rest of the year, and that will give us some tailwind on the gross margin, additional tailwind. So, that’s what we talked about, right, is that the next phase of the gross margin isn’t all about utilization, it’s really about optimizing the footprint and optimizing what’s going through those fabs to increase the throughput.
Chris Caso: Yes. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Ramsay: Good morning. Thank you. Hassane, as you think back to when you were thinking about joining the company and when you came into the company, it seems to me like the – as you think about modernizing or rationalizing the footprint of manufacturing, I don’t know if you guys would have thought about the extreme 6-inch and 8-inch tightness across the industry when you started putting the plan together. So, I wonder if you might reflect on that a little bit. Are there anything new variables or has the aperture sort of broadened for strategic options as you think about it, given the tightness and the likelihood of 6-inch and 8-inch tightness persisting across the industry for a longer period of time? Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: No, from where we look at it obviously, we had to re-look and revisit our base line assumptions. And I will tell you it hasn’t changed, because the fact or the matter is not the 6-inch or 8-inch tightness that is driving, it is how effective can we run those fabs at the scale that they are in versus consolidating or moving from, for example, 6-inch to 8-inch, as an example. So, it doesn’t change what we need to do, which is we need to streamline our manufacturing footprint, we need to consolidate, and we need to have all our fabs be at a scale that we can drive lower cost and as we keep those fabs fully utilized, that cost will basically spread across all products that we run in. So, it doesn’t change the valuation of these fabs as far as the market is concerned. But when we decide to potentially divest any of those assets, they will just bring in more than they did when I first started.
Matt Ramsay: Fair enough. That makes sense. As my follow-up, you guys mentioned in the prepared script, strength from computing and also strength from GPUs. Maybe you could talk about how big are those markets for you guys specifically that you called out driving some upside? And are those particular products at the richer end of the mix? And are you, I guess, planning on those sustaining through the balance of the year? It seems like those would be fairly high-margin products into those markets. Thanks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Our product focus on – in these segments. First of all, those segments are not a big percent of our revenue. However, they are very, I would call them, adjacent to our power product offering that we have in the auto and industrial where we bring a lot of value in these GPU cars and so on, which have seen some growth. So, we are able to support that growth, but I will just reiterate, we are able to support that growth once we have fully supported our automotive and industrial customers, which are part of our strategic markets.
Operator: Okay. And your next question comes from Kevin Cassidy with Rosenblatt Securities. Your line is open.
Kevin Cassidy: Thank you and congratulations on the great results. Your CapEx spending at $77 million came in lower than, I guess, guidance, guidance was $90 million to $100 million. Was that just due to timing of the equipment delivery or is there some other change that’s happening?
Hassane El-Khoury: No, that’s just the timing of the cash payments, right. So, you can think about it still being in that 7% range long-term. This quarter it just happened to be lower on a cash basis, but no change in strategy at this point.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. And can you say what percentage of that goes towards the 300-millimeter and how much maybe for 8 inch?
Hassane El-Khoury: I don’t have the breakout, but I would say the majority of that is going towards the 300-millimeter today.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. And so is there – I guess, what is the lead times for 8-inch equipment? Or can you still find used equipment?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Well, yes, because our investment or CapEx in the 8-inch is really maintenance or upgrade investment, back to what I mentioned, streamlining, removing some bottlenecks in the fab. So we’re not looking at purchasing heavy equipment. And as you streamline and consolidate some of the lines within a physical location, we have the flexibility to move some equipment from our own from one spot to the own from one spot to the next in order to remove any bottlenecks that are specific to a fab. So we haven’t hit any roadblocks in what we aim to achieve in the 6 or 8-inch fab trajectory we have.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Thanks for clarifying.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Again, thanks for letting me ask the questions. Congratulations on strong results. Hassane, I’m a little curious on this inventory strategy. To what extent is taking on more inventory tactical to try to kind of make sure your customers aren’t building much inventory? And if you can comment on what you think end customer inventory that would be great? And to what extent might this be a little bit more structural? And as we think about use of cash, how should we think about the use of cash relative to your inventory strategy?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I would say, John, it’s tactical. When we have strong demand and strong signals from our customers coming to us directly, regardless of how we fulfill either direct or through distribution, the customer engagement is direct with us. And being able to have those conversations and move inventory where we need to move it in order to support our strategic direction and back to our portfolio rationalization, it is better for us to hold that inventory than put it at the distributor and have them ship at their discretion, I would say, based on their backlog or their order. So from that perspective, it is purely a tactical approach to how we believe we are able to support it. And that worked very well for us. We had a great quarter that we just talked about. We have a great outlook. That’s all part of it. That is a tactic. Now as far as longer term, obviously, we’re going to be talking about rationalizing our inventory management, both in the channel and internally, because that has to match the velocity at which we are able to get our products from start to finished goods. How do you stage products in die bank and how do you stage products and finished goods is going to depend on the rationalization and really the efficiency of our manufacturing footprint, and that’s going to drive a change in our capital allocation for inventory management. And again, it’s either internal or external. For me, it’s the same. It is inventory that needs to be monetized by getting on a customer board.
Thad Trent: And John, on the cash, I wouldn’t expect the inventory to increase the balance sheet inventory to increase. I think over the longer term, it will come back into balance, but we’re not looking to increase it further. We think this is about the right level for this tactical, as you call it, tactical move in managing the inventory on a short-term basis.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. And then for my follow-up, Hassane, I was a little bit surprised about two things. One, that pricing is not a big part of what’s going on right now. And two, neither is portfolio rationalization? And the reason why is, if I go back and think about what you historically did in the NOR market, if memory serves me correct, you used periods of strength to kind of price customers out of the market and move that portfolio more aggressively. I guess, why aren’t you doing that now? Are these just different markets in the sense that they’re more socked and it’s hard to do that without kind of not supporting your customers? Or why isn’t the portfolio rationalization happening more quickly?
Hassane El-Khoury: Well, let me put it this way. We are doing that. It is happening quickly, but there’s a lot of pieces to it. If you think about it, it’s not going to have an impact in Q1. It’s starting to have an impact in Q2, and it’ll have more impact, talk about Q3 and Q4 because there is backlog that we have accepted before that we’re going to support. There is pricing actions that we are doing, like you said, to price some opportunities out of the market because we’re not going to be supporting them. But that all is going to help towards the end of the year as we get through the portfolio rationalization. But as far as happening quickly, we are. Because one thing you have to also remember, the difference with it is when you have the tightness in supply, if I’m not shipping and the customer because of strategic reasons on the portfolio and the customer can’t get that product from somewhere else they’re not going to build that boat that I’m also on with products that I do want. So we have to make sure there’s some production that’s still going, and that’s the trade-off we’re able to make.
John Pitzer: Thanks helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Hey guys. First of all, congratulations on a very strong guide. I had two questions. Hassane, first one for you, I know silicon carbide and power for cars in automotive is a focus area. If I had to ask you, what is your view of ON’s position in that market today with your products? I know if I asked you where you want to be, you would say, number one, but I’m curious where you are today? And I’m curious what you think needs to be done to get to that top-tier slot?
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. We are in a very good place, and it’s only getting better. It’s – today, it’s better than it was when I first started. So that’s kind of the focus that we have. How is it going to get better, to use your term for us to become number one, which, of course, we play to win and we don’t dabble. That’s going to be with a focus and an investment strategy, and that’s the work that we have been looking at. But that’s the work we’re looking at for silicon carbide and a lot of our other segments that – and the technology in order to make sure that when we pick a vector, be it silicon carbide or anything else that we’re able to sustain it over the next 4, 5 years and investments in products in order to get to that leadership position.
Harsh Kumar: Great, so. And for the next one, I just wanted to ask you and Thad, about the cost side. So as you look at some of the cost initiatives that you guys have started on, would you say that you could have done are sort of underway and close to getting done and the hard work has started? Or where would you sort of characterize where you are in the process of cutting costs?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. It’s not the hard and easy way, it’s how long it takes to implement and get the benefit of. We can implement, if I use the two categories, we can implement two things. One is easy, one is hard. The easy one is implemented, but it’s not going to see results for another quarter or so. We’re doing all of these in parallel. Obviously, anything that is, what I call, low-hanging fruit has already been launched and initiated. The question is, have we seen all of the benefit of it? The answer is no. So it’s not really – I look at it as the timing to get or reap the benefits of hard or easy implementation. What we have done is we’ve launched a lot of them in Q1. You’re starting to see that benefit in Q2. And back to my prepared remarks, those benefits are obviously favorable, but more importantly, to me, they are sustainable. So it’s a cumulative effect as these things kind of start showing the benefit, they’re cumulative on what we’ve already established as a baseline. And that’s the gross margin trajectory that we are – we set ourselves up for.
Harsh Kumar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Great job on the quarterly execution. The ISG business was down about 2% sequentially, it was up 9% year-over-year. I believe auto and industrial make up a majority of ISG revenues. And these two end markets combined are up 5% sequentially and 17% year-over-year. So the largest delta does appear to reflect the capacity constraints on foundry that you guys talked about. Similar to your overall business, do you guys expect that ISG foundry capacity to be more in line with your demand by the fourth quarter of this year?
Hassane El-Khoury: So ISG specifically, obviously, the revenue is 100% constrained by supply. So that is a one-to-one supply constraint. And that will remain through probably the first half of 2022. That’s the one business that will remain a little bit out of balance between the supply and demand, given the growth in that market with ADAS and everything. We’re working very closely with our foundry partners to get more capacity, obviously, because we have a lot of common customers with the microcontrollers or the advanced nodes that they ship. And that’s how we’re going to be able to get a little bit more capacity. We do have a path to more capacity for the second half of the year. That’s capacity that we’ve negotiated in the first quarter. So of course, that’s going to alleviate some of that gap, but it was not – it’s not going to resolve it, but it will get us closer to it.
Harlan Sur: No, I appreciate the insights there. And then despite the potential for Q3 revenues to be, maybe a bit sub-seasonal, I would assume that the team would expect gross margins to continue to move higher. I mean you already seem to be executing to a focus on a higher mix of gross margin products. So while Q3 revenues might be seasonal, should we expect gross margins to continue to move higher as we move through the second half of the year?
Thad Trent: Yes, Harlan, this is Thad. We expect gross margins to continue to expand through the remainder of the year. This is from a lot of the things we’ve talked about, whether it’s the cost initiatives, also the mix. The benefit of the utilization and the cost structure in the fabs, but yes, we do expect even as revenue is coming back into balance, we expect gross margins to continue to accelerate.
Harlan Sur: Yes. Great job. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Mark Lipacis: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Hassane, a lot of time, what happens at this part of the cycle is you get OEMs and contract manufacturers order more components than they need. Some people call that double ordering, some call it, building inventory, safety stock. And then what happens to industry adds capacity, lead time shrink and then the requirement for that safety stock declines and semiconductor companies see the quarter cancellations. So the questions here are is this cycle – can this cycle be different than all the other ones? And as I listen to how you’re planning to retool ON’s manufacturing operations, I’m trying to figure out if you’re insulated from this dynamic in some way for your future portfolio? And I had a follow-up. Thanks. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So if you think about a lot of the commentary that we’ve talked about, all of that is to – in order to set us up to be more distance from any cycle that that as you say is expecting. It’s the same thing that happened in ‘18 or coming out of ‘18 into ‘19. So what does that about holding the inventory on our balance sheet versus putting it in the channel because that gives us a more clearer and quick response to the true demand signals. It’s much harder to put double orders on our direct book rather than through the disti. So that gives us much better visibility, the engagement, not just with the Tier 1, but with the OEMs directly. When you have an OEM that is going lines down in a few days because they’re not getting parts, I guarantee you, there’s no double ordering in that. Nobody has got those products on the shelf and causing an OEM lines down. So that’s another signal that we look at. Again, more responsive when we hold the inventory than what it is – when it is in the channel. As far as the portfolio rationale or the manufacturing footprint, specifically, that’s why I said, we’re very cautious about investing to add more capacity versus removing some bottlenecks as we change the product mix in our manufacturing, just changing that bottleneck so we’re not adding CapEx that will end up loading us with depreciation. It is adding very light investment in whether it’s a tester or one machine in order to get that throughput out, in order to support the high demand but not really impact our long-term utilization outlook that we want to maintain in that 85 plus. So all of these, whether they shield us, I can’t comment on that because who knows what the cycle would look like. But what I will tell you is it will make us much more immune than just letting it ride.
Mark Lipacis: Very helpful. Thanks. And then I have a follow-up. The OEMs that seem to be doing better right now are those that abandon these just-in-time inventory processes and built inventories on their own volition last year. And I’m wondering if you’re hearing from your customers the desire to take that approach even as you and other semiconductor companies plan to increase your own days of inventory on your own balance sheet?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. It’s not – I wouldn’t say it’s common across the board. There are still some customers. Unfortunately, they are in denial. And we’re working with them, but everybody has a decision to make. We can make the decision for us, and they have to make their own decision about how they want to manage inventory. But I will tell you, the just-in-time error is not going to be sustainable. And customers who are going to keep pushing for it after this is done, will just find themselves in it in the next demand turn or the demand strength or even slight upside. For me, the focus is a productive engagement with the customer, where they are confident in their demand signal, and I’m confident in my investment in order to meet that. The short-term cancellation, all of that, I think, is going to be a thing of the past. And that’s going to be the difference between a strategic customer and a non-strategic customer it’s the ones that we are able to run a healthy and profitable, but more importantly, a predictable business with. That’s where our focus has been. And part of it is part of those long-term agreements. Now when I look at the inventory for customers who have done it, I’ve done it in my past lives, where some customers will work with us on what we call a BCP, business continuity plan, which includes some inventory with us, but more inventory with them that we have visibility to, where they will hold it, they will order it, they have 2 months or so of it. And we just have to make sure it’s replenished. We’ve done that, a lot of it with our Japanese strategic customers. And I’m hoping that we’ll start expanding for European and North American customers as well.
Mark Lipacis: That makes lot of sense. Thanks, Hassane. Very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Thank you taking my questions and congratulations on a very strong outlook. Hassane, in the past, we’ve talked about this idea of a split between you’re relatively more, let’s say, specialized or unique products versus ones that are somewhat more commoditized in nature. And I think your prior responses around this have been that it’s not so straightforward. It’s not just looking at margins, you have to look at parts and, in particular, parts by end market. And I’m wondering if you’ve had the opportunity to complete that analysis and maybe help us understand a little bit better about what the split might look like today and going forward in terms of the balance between those two categories?
Hassane El-Khoury: So the answer to your question is, yes, I have had a lot of opportunities to look at it. We’re in almost call it, the last stages of review, where I have a 2 week-long kind of wrapping up the strategic plans and the strategic reviews. But what you said is true for us not just on the margin, because you have to look margin and our ability to manufacture it at a very aggressive cost. You can have a product today at a low-margin that we are targeting in automotive. It is valued product. And the margin impact is because it is not running efficiently as far as cost structures through our manufacturing footprint. So by consolidating and rationalizing the manufacturing, that’s going to give an uplift to those specific products. So before I rush and I say low margin, kill it or move away from it, I have to be able to make sure that we have a benchmark cost in order to make those assessments. And then the decision for us here is do we act on the product right away? Or do we fix the cost and keep the product, and that’s part of a strategic review. I can’t tell you at this point, how much of the products fall in which bucket that’s going to be part of the work we are going to be finalizing as we get ready for Analyst Day. But I just wanted to give you a preview of the mindset that I have going into that work.
William Stein: I appreciate that. And maybe a follow-up along the same lines, in terms of not getting a quantified size or split today, do you think the size might be big enough to take a significant action that doesn’t look like just sort of letting it, pricing yourself out of the market or letting it fall off the income statement over time and something that could be more of a strategic action like monetizing the asset through a JV or something like that?
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, absolutely. I mean if you think about – once you disposition your assets and categories, you have a harvest core and growth categories. We have to look at what we – how do we disposition the assets. Pricing yourself out of the market or exiting or EO-eling  and shutting down a manufacturing site that supports those products is one side of it. But monetizing the assets is, of course, something that is on the table that we’re going to be looking at. All options are out, and we’re going to do the best thing for the company as far as balancing cash flow and balancing manufacturing footprint.
Operator: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session for today’s call. I’d now like to turn the call back over to Hassane El-Khoury, President and CEO.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you all for joining us today. I’d like to thank our worldwide teams for stepping up to help drive our transformation, which has already started delivering favorable results. We remain focused on our execution as we navigate the current market conditions, and I look forward to seeing you all at our Analyst Day on August 5. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - VP, Corporate Development and IR Hassane El-Khoury - President and CEO Bernard Gutmann - CFO Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Chris Danely - Citi Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Raji Gill - Needham & Company Matt Ramsay - Cowen & Company Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho Securities Harsh Kumar - Piper Sandler Chris Caso - Raymond James Vivek Arya - Bank of America Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna International Group Craig Ellis - B. Riley Securities Kevin Cassidy - Rosenblatt Securities David O'Connor - Exane BNP Paribas Harlan Sur - J.P. Morgan John Pitzer - Credit Suisse William Stein - Truist Securities Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.  I would now like to hand the conference over to one of your speakers today, Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead. Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's fourth quarter 2020 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Hassane El-Khoury, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our Web site, at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2020 fourth quarter earnings release, will be available on our Web site approximately one hour following this conference call, and a recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. Additional information related to our end-markets, business segments, geographies, channels, share count, and 2021 fiscal calendars are also posted on our Web site. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are also included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our Web site in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding our future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words "believe," "estimate," "project," "anticipate," "intend," "may," "expect," "will," "plan," "should," or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2020. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other events that may occur except as required by law. We have changed the date for our Analyst Day. Now, we plan to host our Analyst Day on August 5, 5th of this year instead of on March 5. With the recent change in leadership of the company, we believe that we will need -- we will be able to provide and form a completed view of our updated strategy and financial targets of August 5. Hassane El-Khouryernard: Thank you, Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. I want to start by expressing how excited I am to be a part of this   company and its incredibly talented and motivated workforce. I will start by sharing with you the initial observations and updating you on the process we will use to evolve the future strategy and direction of the company. I will then address our fourth quarter 2020 results, and turn the call over to Bernard to discuss financials and forward-looking guidance. I took the role as CEO because I could clearly see the tremendous potential we have even as I looked at it from the outside. Having been in the role for a few months now, I can see a company with outstanding assets, including a highly talented and motivated workforce, intellectual property, sales channels, products, customer relationships, brand, and industry-leading operational prowess, to name a few. We are focused on the right markets which are the fastest growing semiconductor end markets with solid margin potential. I am excited about the opportunities we have in front of us to maximize the value for our shareholders, customers, and employees. As I dove deeper into the company during the last eight weeks I have been positively surprised, and have grown increasingly bullish about our prospects. The opportunities in front of us far exceed my initial expectations, and I am working with my team to turn these opportunities into a strategy with a credible execution plan. I'm very confident that we will be able to deliver the full potential of the company to our stakeholders. At this time, I don't have all the answers to what the future strategy and direction of the company will be, however, I will walk you through the process we will be following to get there and be able to share the details with you at our Analyst Day, in August. It should come as no surprise that our primary value driver will come from our gross margin expansion initiative. At this time, we aim to maintain the over-market revenue growth in our strategic markets, while being opportunistic in others. We will focus on maximizing free cash flow to de-lever our balance sheet and set us up to remain a consolidator. To achieve our objective of maximizing shareholder value, we are ready to make substantial changes in our strategy, business, and organization. We have begun the process of reevaluating our current product portfolio and our investments across the board. We will reallocate investments and resources to accelerate our growth in high-margin businesses, away from non-differentiated products and markets which have had a historically low margin profile. Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Hassane. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we saw continuing recovery in business conditions driven by robust growth in global economic activity. Order activity accelerated sharply across most end markets as customers are ramping production and replenishing inventory to meet the steep increase in end market demand. Along with the strong broad-based recovery in macroeconomic conditions, secular mega trends in automotive, industrial, and cloud power markets continue to drive our business. Gross margin improvement is the primary strategic priority for the company. As Hassane indicated in his remarks, we are going to do a detailed review of our product portfolio. The primary objective is to reallocate our capital to drive margin expansion and growth. Our revised product strategy will determine our capital expenditures and investments in other resources needed to support the business. We will update you with our progress as we go through the process. We are on track with our manufacturing consolidations win and discussions are ongoing with various parties regarding the previously announced intended sales of our fabs in Belgium and Niigata, Japan. We have closed our operations and sold the fab in Rochester, New York, and we should begin to realize annual savings of $15 million starting in the first quarter of 2021. Now, let me provide you additional details on our results. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2020 was $1.45 billion, an increase of 3% as compared to revenue of $1.40 billion in the fourth quarter of 2019. The year-over-year increase in revenue was driven by growth in our key strategic end market. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $0.21 per diluted share, as compared to a net income of $0.14 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2019. Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Ross Seymore: Hey, guys, thanks for letting me ask the questions. First, Bernard, great working with you all the years, congrats on the retirement. My first question is for Hassane. You mentioned a laundry list of actions you are going to take structurally for the company, I know you are not going into exceedingly detailed levels before the analyst meeting in August, but I wondered how you are balancing the gross margin side versus the OpEx and operating margin side. You mentioned about doubling down on R&D. How do you balance the gross margin versus the operating margin priority for the company? Hassane El-Khoury: Sure, Ross. Let me give you kind of how the approach has been because we started doing that work. At a high-level, you can think about it as self-funding, meaning, I don't like to dabble, whether we say we are working on it or not, if we are creating products and low margin businesses or markets that are not our strategic markets, those investments are going to stop. That's going to release capital for us to re-invest, and that's where the doubling down. And don't think about it as we are going to double down and OpEx is going to flip up beyond the levels. We are going to actually reallocate OpEx. And with the simplicity and removing complexity and the way we run our operations here, that's going to release a lot of more capital for us to reinvest. So, I am not worried about having enough investments that we can reallocate, while maintaining at or below our OpEx, which obviously will drive our operating margin favorably. Ross Seymore: Thanks for the details, Hassane. And I guess one for either you or Bernard, the guidance is better than seasonally, you said that's going to continue for a bit. Was the better-than-seasonal comment just about the first quarter, or was it longer than that? Any color between the different segments to get to your guidance for the first quarter? Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. This is Hassane again. Our focus right now is in the first quarter. Obviously, we are coming out of a very lean inventory, both our customers and the supply chain. So, that's a rebound we are seeing in Q1 better than seasonal. I remain cautiously optimistic for the rest of the year, but it's too soon to call the rest of the year at this point. In the prepared marks we talked about it may take a few quarters to kind of stabilize the supply and demand situation, and that's when we'll get a little bit more clarity. Obviously, if you've seen the news, a lot of that strength is coming from automotive, and we it the same way, which is a big market and a focus market for us. So we're watching it closely, but I remain cautiously optimistic until we get out of the trend of supply-demand imbalance. Ross Seymore: Thank you. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. Hey, first of all, Bernard congratulations , I'm jealous. But first question is just on OpEx. I guess what's the thought process of an upfront payment to everybody in front of the upturn versus afterwards? And is this -- should we consider this as the new baseline for OpEx or could it trend down after this? Bernard Gutmann: So it is not an upfront payment, it is an accrual, an accounting accrual as we have an annual plan which actually book cash-wise basis next year, in February, if we achieve the numbers. So this is just an accounting accrual recognizing the liability we are creating with delivering results that lead to the new plan. Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, let me just put that stake in the ground. We are 100% focused on pay for performance. We have to accrue throughout the year. But pay will occur in 2022 in the first quarter, just like it did this time for the prior year, so it's after the fact. We don't do any advanced planning as far as payment in any form to employees until after the performance period is done and validated. Chris Danely: Great. And then… Bernard Gutmann: To your question about trend on OpEx, we believe we have the step function increase. And pretty much after that it should be fairly steady -- … Chris Danely: Okay, great. Thanks, Bernard. And for my follow-up, hey, Hassane, you mentioned you're going to take a look at the product lines. I guess what sort of rough percentage of revenue are we talking about that's being targeted as far as these low-margin product lines? And can you shed any light on what are these low-margin product lines, is it some MOSFETs or IGBTs or is there some other sort of like passive types of products you guys have? Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. It's too soon to tell as far as to give you a percent, because literally I am looking at everything. But the way I look at it is strategic alignment to our end market, strategic alignment to our margin target, and really strategic alignment to the growth that we want to set for the company, both in gross margin expansion and revenue. So, to put a percent on how much is that, it's hard to tell. But it's not going to be like you were expecting or IGBT or effect of whatever kind, because we're not looking at it as just a product family. I'll give you an example. We have IGBTs that goes into EVs; I love that. That's a growth market, it's good margin, and we have a very good position in that market. That's going to be obviously a growth product and market for us. But IGBT and a low margin consumer, that is not going to be an investment for us. So that's the surgical approach we are actually proceeding in order to get the right balance we talked about already. Chris Danely: Got it, that makes sense. Thanks, guys. Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Toshiya Hari: Good morning. Thanks very much for taking the question. And Bernard, thank you for all the help. Hassane, you talked about you guys addressing demand, so far being pretty successful in addressing demand so far. But can you speak to where lead times are for your business today versus three months ago, six months ago? And sort of related to that, how is the pricing outlook for your business over the next six to four months in relation to what you guys have seen over the past few years? Bernard Gutmann: And so let me address the lead times, they have been inching up. They are still in mid-teens, but moving upwards in direction. Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, for the pricing, we see a healthy pricing environment. Obviously, there are price increases that we have incurred from our supply chain, and we are working with customers to pass those on down the supply chain from where we are. There, of course, was supply and demand. We are always reviewing our pricing posture, and we're doing that as we speak. And it's not just only -- let me   a little bit on it's not just the supply and demand. We do have high-value products, and those high-value products demand a higher margin. So I'm reviewing all our pricing disciple outside of just the supply and demand, and that's something you should see from us moving forward as a structural change we're implementing in the company. Where that's going to get us and where it's going to land as far as tangible result that I can credibly talk to you, that's going to be in the August meeting, because that will give me enough runway to establish that process and see the impact. Toshiya Hari: Great, thank you. And there is a quick follow-up, just on sort of the long-term model. Again, I appreciate you're not going to preview your August Analyst Day, but when you look at some of the numbers that Keith and Bernard put up during their last investor day, a mid single-digit revenue growth, 43% gross margin, 21% OpEx intensity. Given what you've seen so far, Hassane, where do your views differ the most, is it more on the growth side, is it more on the margin side, is it both? Any would be super helpful. Thank you. Hassane El-Khoury: Look, it's not about the top line or gross margin, my focus is on the timing of it. That's kind of where I'm putting my energy right now. And then we will talk about what does that yield on top line and how quickly do we get to the -- and we're going to call it the 43, because that's the only number that is available externally. A lot of people ask me what should we be looking for as far as a financial model, and my answer, and I'll reiterate it here, just hold us accountable to whatever we -- the company has done already even though it was not me personally, until I stand in front of all of you, in August, and change it. But for now, just hold us accountable to the target and the financial model that we have made available already as a company. Toshiya Hari: Thanks so much. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Raji Gill with Needham. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Raji Gill: Yes, thank you, and best of luck, Bernard, and congrats, Hassane, on the new role. Hassane, a question on the 300 millimeter, the transition that's been undergoing for a couple years, any thoughts on how that progress is happening? And what are your thoughts on that transition to 300 millimeter? Are there steps that you want to try to accelerate that transition and what would they be? Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. Obviously a 300 millimeter transition is a transition that we need as a company. We have it internally, and the company has already set itself on a path to have an insource fab for that. There's obviously -- we're looking at the baseline to see if we need more how do we get it. It doesn't necessarily mean we're going to have a multitude of fabs at the 12 inch. It's going to be driven -- to answer your question more directly, it's going to be driven by the product portfolio that we're going to have and we want to be investing in over the next five years, and that's part of the portfolio rationalization. I can't really address a need for a manufacturing footprint until I know exactly what we want to do, where the margin is going to come from, and what the manufacturing footprint needed in order to support it, inside or outside. So that's the work we're doing on right on. However, we do have the East Fishkill. We have been making progress on it, where products are taken out, some products are only sampling. So technology development in product move into that fab is ongoing, and I'm happy with where we are. To accelerate, is going to be dependent on, as I mentioned, product and margin focus. And that's going to be with the capital associated with it. That's the work in progress we have do, and not completed yet. But I expect it to be completed by the time I give an updated financial model in the August meeting, which will include capital and manufacturing footprint targets. Raji Gill: And for my follow-up, Hassane, you talked about product rationalization, and I think you had mentioned achieving that either through potentially M&A or divestment, and maybe if I -- maybe correct me if that's not the case. But wondering how you would think about product rationalization and with respect to those two possible strategies? Hassane El-Khoury: Sure, but it's not -- those are obviously part of the strategy, but that's not the one that's going to get you the most impact. The one that's going to get you the most impact is literally de-focusing on products that we don't see bring us any -- you know, whether it's top line growth or margin expansion. And by de-focusing, there are multiple way you put it in harvest, , short lived, you know, talk about UL anywhere from six months to 18 months depending on engagement with the customer, as far as when we're going to exit that business. We'll notify customers. We'll support them in a transition, transition to our products, which are better margin structured, so we'll force a conversion, or we'll just exit the business and exit that customer and the top line. And we're looking at everything equally. Where is that going to be as far as divesting? If there is a business that we believe has value for somebody outside of ON Semiconductor, we'll monetize it, instead of doing UL like I mentioned, we'll monetize it through a divestiture. Leading up to the third tenet, which is the M&A, M&A just going to be a complementary view of what we're able to do with our portfolio rationalization, once we have a portfolio footprint that we like in the end-markets that we want, then M&A would be a inorganic growth within these markets. We're not going to use M&A to solve our internal issues, because then you're just creating chaos after chaos. We're going to rationalize our internal markets, our internal portfolio, then M&A will just strengthen that posture. Raji Gill: That makes ton of sense. Congrats, thank you. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good morning. Thanks and congrats, Bernard. It's kind of an interesting call, right because you guys are clearly going to put out longer-term targets in August. But folks are poking and prodding you trying to get a little bit of a hint about where that's going. But I might just ask a couple of questions along those lines. One is you talked a little bit in your script about potentially taking the company a little bit more towards being fab light. And obviously, the product portfolio will, I would imagine mostly inform that decision. But no secret the U.S. government is thinking about incentivizing semiconductor manufacturing and R&D in the state. So I wonder, I guess first question is how much is that going to inform your decision? And then the second piece is, around the channel, Texans taking an interesting strategy of going more direct. You guys have a pretty broad distributor footprint. How are you thinking about that in terms of making your decisions going forward? Thank you. Bernard Gutmann: Sure, let me tackle the fab light comment I made. So, fab light obviously is an analog range that goes between fabless and only internal manufacturing. So where we're a lighter fab, which means we're going to be shrinking our manufacturing footprint from where we're today. So that's a fab light comment. And that's going to be a result of what we need to manufacture internally versus what there are foundries that do a better job at the manufacturing that we do. And that's the balance we're going to be doing. And we started that effort. Obviously, there was a management change that did occur, to start looking at that in parallel with me looking at the portfolio rationalization. So that's ongoing, and the results and the reporting, I do real time. From the government side of it, listen, we're going to make the best decision for our company that drives shareholder value. That's the first and foremost decision making. If at the end of that first tranche of decisions, there's alignment with where the administration is going or what state we're in. That's great. But we're not going to make a short-term decision based on the current politics that will hinder us from potentially achieving our maximum value creation that we could otherwise. So, our focus is on value creation, as we see it for the company, our shareholder, our customers and our employees. And then we'll figure out how we land in the politics at that time. From the distribution and other work we've been doing is the channel rationalization just like the portfolio. Once you know, where you want to grow and how aggressively you want to grow in which markets, you're going to partner with the distributors that are strong indeed in that same arena you want to play in. And that's going to be an outcome of the portfolio. And that's why, I keep going back to the portfolio work, we're doing is going to drive a lot of those dependencies because it's all interlocked, but it definitely starts with a portfolio rationalization to market and a strategy. Everything else is really how do you execute the strategy to the best you can. Matt Ramsay: Thanks very much, all the best as you put things together and excited to see what comes. Thanks, guys. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Vijay Rakesh: Yes, hi Hassane and Bernard, good quarter and guide here. Bernard congratulations on a great career. Just a couple of questions, just wondering, on the automotive side, you mentioned sensor module and some pickup on the electric vehicle side. Is your guide, still for a longer-term 9% to 11% above what the automotive market growth is? Or do you see upside based on some of the wins that you have here and then I've follow-up? Bernard Gutmann: Yes, we basically think it's a high single-digit above the current level. And we actually confirmed that with our 2020 performance. Vijay Rakesh: Got it? And Hassane, you made a comment on lean inventory? Can you give us some level is that like two to three weeks of inventory versus normal like four to six weeks for the inventory levels here? Thanks. Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, so Vijay, I can't give you a target right now, I'm looking at it because not all businesses obviously we have here are created equal, some of them need more inventory than others. And there's going to be a lot of ins and outs to be fair. As we figure out, as I mentioned before, our EOL, some bridge build or some fab moves that we need to make, that's going to kind of put bumps in the road for our inventory, and we're going to manage it as such, but there's going to be a few ins and outs before we get to a model. So I'll be ready to give you a model where we want to end-up in the August meeting. But between now and then, I'm really going to be opportunistic about what we need to do in order to quickly shift to where I want us to be as a company, whether it's portfolio or manufacturing footprint. Vijay Rakesh: Got it, thanks. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Harsh Kumar: Yes, hey Bernard, first of all, thank you for all the help over the years, we've worked together, and we really appreciate it and enjoy your retirement. And then for my question, so everybody's talking about tightness in the auto industry. Hassane, you guys have plenty of capacity here, at least available to you. Is there any opportunity for you to be able to take some incremental share? Or is that just not how things work in automotive, given the long design cycles? Hassane El-Khoury: Sure, Harsh, so obviously for areas where we're double sourced, we're one of two suppliers. We have some of these in our product lines. If we're able to support it, we will. Of course, we're going to ship, we've already engaged with customers where we know, we don't have 100% share in order for us to help if they need it. So that's ongoing. And that's the way we're running the business day-to-day. The challenge that we're looking at is okay, even if we do ship that product, is that customer getting the rest of the product from supplier number two, three and four. That's what I don't know. So, to be able to evaluate how much share is actually going to go into revenue. That's going to be call it towards the end of the quarter when the dust settles, we're ready to help. But the problem is our product line is not the bottleneck as far as creating the end product that makes sense. We're watching it, we're going to go after it, because like you said, if we have the capacity, we're going to sell it and we're going to give it to the end customer not sit on distributor shelf or even on our shelves, it's going to go as quickly as we can see the demand for it. Harsh Kumar: Got it. And so my follow-up, Hassane, can you talk about the activity that that ON Semi is seeing in the EV space in China specifically to charging and chargers. This has been an area, I think that ON has been very active in that particular geography. Could we just talk about, what you think is your position there? Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, we're still very active in that area obviously, when you have the products that customers value as far as the technical prowess and the portfolio that we're able to manage, we're definitely always considered, and more often than not, we're the ones being selected, that does not change. And our posture in China EV specifically is strong. And we've had design wins actually in the second-half of 2020 that support that view in the market. Harsh Kumar: Thank you. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good morning and my congratulations to you, Bernard as well. It's been a pleasure working with you. Hassane, I just wanted to ask a follow-up question regarding some of the comments about refocusing the product line and potentially consolidating the manufacturing footprint. And I recognize that we asked you some unfair questions, because the plan isn't always together, isn't all together yet, but when I look at the gross margins for ON now versus the prior-peak at similar revenue levels, delta is about 300 basis points and most of that depreciation. So I guess the question is, as you've done the initial review of manufacturing, is there enough flex in the system potentially, selling fabs or such that you would be able to make a meaningful dent in that depreciation, if your business review would warrant that's more of a footprint. Is there ability to consolidate if that decision that you want to make? Hassane El-Khoury: The answer is, yes, there's always opportunity. And we're looking at everything. And it's not just depreciation. I mean, when you start consolidating, there's obviously the utilization for the fab, the receiving fabs. And really, there's overhead simplification, when I say about rationalizing your portfolio and manufacturing the footprint, all of this is going to drive costs out of the company, it's not going to be sucked in anywhere else, it's not going to be reallocated, it's going to be managed out of the company. Of course, some timing is different depending on what category of spend, COGS versus OpEx and where OpEx and COGS, but we're tracking every dollar, that is the outcome of every decision we make in order to decide where it's going to end-up. But to answer your question, more generally, I'm optimistic about the levers that we have to drive gross margin expansion since I've been here in the conference. So that has not been a worry of mine of great now, what I do, there's enough to do, and my focus is putting it in a executable strategy that I'll ask, starting with our board of directors, but more importantly, our shareholders and you all outside to hold us accountable to. And that's the work we're doing right now is how do we translate that into a executable plan. Chris Caso: That's great. Thank you. As a follow-up, if I could ask a near-term question regarding production, and if you could talk about where the utilization is now, as compared to where it was last year, and how does that track as you go into next year, as you try to address some of the bottlenecks and then finally, maybe you could talk about where the bottlenecks are, are they more in the front end or the back end or perhaps at some of the outside suppliers? Hassane El-Khoury: So, definitely utilization in the last year in the fourth quarter was quite low and we're also affected that time by especially towards the end of it by the pandemic and the shelter in place closings that we have in several of our factories in China into Philippines and Malaysia, we did see a little bit of an increase in utilization towards the low 70, 70, 75 and we expect that as we ramp in 2021, in the first quarter anticipation of seasonal low in the second quarter, finally, on the fab side, we should see helping a little bit of improved utilization in all times. Bernard Gutmann: Yes, most of our constraints are primarily on the outside, not internally and front-end and the back end for us is call it, I'd call it balanced loading gives and takes depending on the product line, but managing the supply constraint externally is really with the foundry at this time. Chris Caso: Great, thank you. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations and best wishes to both the Hassane and Bernard. Hassane, for my first question, I'm curious as to your insights on the current demand environment, I think you mentioned all the units were down kind of in the mid-teens, but you say that only down 7.5% last year. And in fact, audited record in Q4 and this Delta between auto units and auto semiconductor sales is perhaps one of the widest that we've seen. So my question is, how much are you shipping to real end demand versus customers stocking up when they just read about the shortages and the auto production shutdowns? How do we get the confidence that these above seasonal quarters that you're seeing in Q4 and Q1 will not be followed by some process of normalization later in the year, what is your level of insight into actual consumption of what you're shipping into the automotive supply chain? Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So I'm going to answer direct as it relates to getting to our customer, which are the tier-1, and I will skip any conversation about does it go through this deal or not this deep, because for this deep, we ship it to this deep, if it shifts out right away to an end-customer. So that's kind of how we're dealing with the distis. So, we don't have a stranded inventory that could go to demand. So, then to answer your question directly, how do we deal with the tier-1, it's literally direct engagement. We know what the production rates are, and we know what we're shipping in. And we know which OEMs, we all know this side, as far as what OEM are not manufacturing which products. So we know where our product ends with which OEM for which model year to a call it 90th percentile. And that's how we manage it. If we know, for example, there is a shortage in an area or a shutdown of the OEM plant, and we do have products that are targeted for that. We are going to redirect our products to somebody else. Sometimes that engagement is with the OEM. They say, we're shutting down this factory, but we want our capacity to go to this other factory. We know it's going to a call it a vehicle versus just a tier-1 making a box that may not end up in a vehicle. Obviously, you're not going to get it 100%, right. But if we get 80% to 90% of it, I'll be very happy. And we monitor our inventory. There is a lot of demand, and like you said, we're rationalizing all of that demand to supply to match the demand. And I use the term cautiously optimistic because it will take a couple of quarters, which is call it a full manufacturing cycle time from start to finish goods to kind of get that through the system and see what the real demand is in that timeframe, but -- it's guerrilla warfare that we're doing every day, but I'm happy with what the team's insights are for us to make decisions. Vivek Arya: Got it. And Hassane ,as my follow-up on the gross margins for Q1 guided up about 70 basis points at the point, even though say that kind of a flattish. And I heard some mention of the benefits of some prior to the fab closure decisions. So I was hoping if you could -- Bernard could walk us through the gross margin improvement kind of level set us on Q1, are we now looking at all the benefits of pricing and fab closures and everything until you make new decisions like is this Q1 gross margin the new baseline, or are you still seeing the headwinds from a utilization and other perspective, or maybe a different way to ask a same question, what is the incremental gross margin we should be modeling from a Q2 onwards? Thank you. Hassane El-Khoury: So, definitely the Q1 number includes the benefit of  numbers, and that is having an effect on, and we said before, it's $60 million a year. So that's having an effect on what our gross margin. Bernard Gutmann: As far as moving forward and what you should expect, I will start with our Q1 guide and that's part of the regular updates I'll be giving you until I give you a trajectory for our gross margin and ended back what trajectory and how committed I am once I deploy a step function by quarters based on my prior life, that's the one we're building right now. Now how much of this is in Q1 for the Rochester closure or the pricing judgment that I've talked about or other levers we're doing? It's actually there is a lot of line items that we have been flowing on. I'm not waiting obviously till August or till Q2 to start to work. We've made tremendous progress. You're going to see a few weeks in Q1 on some items or a full month or two months in Q1 on others depending on when we pulled the trigger. My focus though is what I call structural gross margin improvement. And what I mean by structural is gross margin improvement that we drive, and it doesn't happen to us. I'll take the stuff the favorable things that happened to us, but there has to be a structural baseline that is up into the right gross margin baseline that you can hold us accountable to and that's the plan we're going to be deploying. Vivek Arya: Thank you, and then good luck. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna International Group. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Christopher Rolland: Thanks for the question, and Bernard I echo my congrats. Thank you for all the time we've spent together. It was great. There is no business like no business. Enjoy your retirement. All the good questions have been asked for the most part. Two quick ones, I guess first of all, disti revenue has traditionally been maybe in the 50s and we've had two strong quarters now in 63, 64. Maybe talk about what you're seeing on the disti side, or there shortages direct and people are going disti at some of your competitors. For example, what is driving that disti number so much higher than typical? Hassane El-Khoury: We feel that have been pretty strong in the channel. We are managing our inventories to be within our normal  that way. So it's more just the overall strength. Bernard Gutmann: Yes, I don't know the discrepancy that you're mentioning as far as I'm guessing the 60 and the 50 numbers are percent mixed from distribution. It's been very consistent at about the 60% range. So there hasn't been really a change in behavior, because direct customers are not going to switch to disti because they can't get products from us. And that's what the comment I gave to earlier. We are driving the disti inventory to be able to be a straight shot through disti to our end customer. There is no point on building inventory on the shelf at disti. So if the customer cannot get it direct from us, I can guarantee they're not going to be able to get it from the disti by bypassing that's not a driver, but been consistent. I don't see any change in distribution percentage for the company. Christopher Rolland: Okay, understood. My second question on the com side, that was better than we had expected. Could you talk about the importance of maybe North America into this as you put handsets into comps, versus rest of the world China and others, just talk about maybe where we're seeing outside strength and how important that North American customer is in particular. Bernard Gutmann: I mean, obviously North American customer is important, because the deployment and the capital expenditure is happening, and given our position with the 5G power side of the market. We are very well-positioned across the regions. There is a certain level of total market. And as things lose share regionally, we will gain it somewhere else. And that's the work we're really monitoring on a global basis regardless of where the design in happens. Christopher Rolland: Understood. Thank you, guys. Congrats, Bernard. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Craig Ellis: Yes. Thanks for taking the question and Bernard congrats. It's been great working with you over the years. Hassane, I wanted to start just by following up on compute sequential strength and dig into it the following by. One, can you help us understand just the distinction between what a server power might've done versus notebook given the strength to notebook units, and then as you looked at the things that distinguish where you'll want to allocate resources, any initial views on the ability to drive high gross margins and value out of those two different sides of the business going forward would be helpful? Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So our focus in the computing space is more on the server and cloud. That's where we have opportunities for enhanced shareholder value in the future. In the meantime, we're taking opportunities of the fact that the client computing has been quite strong. And in that sense, though we believe some of it is work from home. Obviously we are taking advantage of that, but the focus in the long run where we see better margins also enhance globally. Bernard Gutmann: Yes, and that fits kind of when you overlay our strategic markets, I talk about automotive and industrial. There are others, I would call it, submarkets that you're familiar with the server within the compute that is a focus market, because I look as an adjacent technology market. If we are able to create high value products in auto and industrial, those are very valuable for these submarkets that I'm talking about. They will drive growth and margin accretion for the company. And those would be things you're not going to see us invest as a point product in them. But we're definitely going to be addressing them as part of the efficiency we drive. And that's effectively the OpEx efficiency metric. Craig Ellis: Got it. And then for the follow-up Hassane, you mentioned early in your script that since you've been aborted on, you've had some notable positive surprises. I was just hoping you could list two or three of those and talk about them and their implications as you think about driving the business forward and creating additional shareholder value? Thanks guys. Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. I'll give you, I don't want to steal my own thunder for the August meeting, but I'll give you one that we have -- if you look at the product portfolio mapping versus gross margin profile, I really liked the distribution. I thought the distribution is going to be more less leverage and much higher gross margin businesses then what I found, so we do have some very healthy gross margins. And the focus for me is how do we double down on those and grow them in order to start effectively shifting the mix while we disposition the diluted tail. There is more levers in that view of the business than I had thought walking in. And that gets me excited because I don't have to wait five years to change a mix. We can actually try to manage a mixed shift effectively and we control it. Craig Ellis: That's great. Thank you. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Rosenblatt Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Kevin Cassidy: Yes, thanks for taking my question and congratulations, Bernard. Just on the foundry side, how many different foundries do you use and are they all raising prices? Is this what you're talking about when you say the supply chain is -- your supply chain is increasing prices? Hassane El-Khoury: So we use the same usual suspects that pretty much everybody else uses the big ones. It's more once we have a pretty long list of foundries and we are subject to the same pressures that all of our competitors are subject. Bernard Gutmann: Yes, but the comment I made about the supply chain is not really foundry versus internal. You need to look at it as material. There is also -- it's not really the supply shortages that everybody is seeing. But more importantly that I look at is the materials that is required. So there are pockets that our suppliers have asked for and if we're able to absorb them, we are -- if not we usually have a dual source strategy, so we'll move somewhere else. But with the supply constraint that everybody is seeing some of it we just have to basically eat in order for us to support our customers. And in those cases, we are going to pass it down, but it's not a foundry versus internal cost conversation. It's more we call it raw material for our supply chain. Kevin Cassidy: Okay, understood. Thanks. And maybe just a quick follow-up and maybe in part of your strategy in development, is there a consideration for consolidating foundries or trying to get prices down by putting more into one foundry? Bernard Gutmann: Well, obviously if you are able to consolidate even your business on the foundry, you'll get the volume pricing benefit versus being able to -- be spread across multiple. We don't always have the choice because of the technology footprint that you need. Foundry just doesn't do a wide range of the technology we need. But, that's part of how we are looking at it. So when I say manufacturing consolidation, it's both internal and external in order to get the best pricing and the best posture we can to service our end markets. Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Thank you. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David O'Connor with Exane BNP Paribas. Your line is open. Please go ahead. David O'Connor: Great. Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Maybe one or two just follow-ups from my side, Hassane, you mentioned about being positively surprised when you came in and start to look at the business. Was there any negative surprises, Hassane, kind of stood for you? That's my first question. And then maybe as a follow-up, the industry has been positively surprised by this foundry  ? And how do you think that changes the relationship if at all with foundries in the kind of longer term? Is there anything in terms of securing that capacity that needs to change or just even in the relationship? Thank you. Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. It's hard for me to answer the negative surprises because I don't have any. My mind works differently. If I see something that is not what I expected, I look at it as a positive opportunity. So, it's always positive whether it's say surprise or an opportunity. Of course, there are a couple that I just didn't know. I didn't have an opinion one way or another because they are internal. I didn't have the privilege of getting in and looking at non-public information before I joined that I discovered. But, I looked at it as, well, that's part of the reason I took the job is in order to be able to identify all of these opportunities and turn them into positive surprises for us and our shareholders, but I will tell you in general the umbrella that I would answer is there has been a day in the last eight weeks when I woke up thinking what the heck did I just do. It's always been let's go at it. Let's write more things down and let's start executing. That's been kind of the mindset I have had. And really, the response from the team has been tremendous and that's why you see an energized workforce. But important, the results are going to start to show. So, that's on this side. Now, how do we deal with the long term kind of the industry caught by surprise and so on? It's really once you have a strategy and a five-year outlook with a three-year credible window, then you start having those strategic conversations with your suppliers. And turning the conversation from a tactical to a strategic where if you are able to commit, this is your growth. And you are able to keep their factories not lumpy; up and down. Then you have a much better relationship. I have a lot of these relationships personally. Wei-Chung, who we brought in the head of global manufacturing and operation, has a lot of these relationships. And we are going to strengthen those, but it's all going to start with we as a company what do we want to do strategically and how can they help. David O'Connor: Very helpful, thank you. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Harlan Sur: Good morning. Hassane, welcome to the team, and thank you to Bernard for your contribution and support over the past number of years. As part of your strategy, Hassane, focus on high margin, high growth products and markets, I think a key part of that is you lead with certain initial products and then drive further dollar content attached given the breath of the portfolio. What's your assessment of the current sales and marketing, organization and focus, and the ability to cross sell and drive higher attach rates to targeted opportunities? Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, I think from our direct sales force and marketing the mindset is there. And my drive for these groups is really adding the focus. If you have a sales force and order marketing, I would call it sales and marketing with a very heavy bag to sell and portion of that bag is not going to drive the value, I would rather lighten that bag and have them really hardcore sell the things that we want them to sell still at a breath  material coverage. That's how I am thinking about it. And that by the way is going to match our distribution. I answered the prior question where our portfolio rationalization is going to drive our distribution footprint. I am going to be looking at distribution the same way I look at our direct sales and marketing. It's going to be how do we maximize the content that I want to maximize. Harlan Sur: Yes. Thanks, Hassane. And then maybe if you can just give us your thoughts on the silicon carbide power portfolio. I know the team has been talking about growing portfolio and design win pipeline and  silicon carbide-based power solutions and both automotive and industrial, but wanted to get your views. Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. I would put that under one of the positive surprises that I have seen since joining. I think our products are very competitive. I like we are on the technology development for that. And really more importantly is the design wins that we have had in these markets. Obviously as far as revenue drive, as we all know the mix of IGBT versus silicon carbide, we are going to see that crossover probably over the next I don't know four to five years, but we're here, we're playing, and we're going to start taking share based on where our products are going to be. So, I see that as a positive surprise for me. And it's going to be definitely part of the strategic intent that we are talking about. Harlan Sur: Great, thank you. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead. John Pitzer: Yes, good morning guys. Hassane, congratulations and thanks for letting me ask the question. Hassane, you mentioned earlier that we are all trying to steal your thunder for the August analyst day. And I apologize if this is an attempt. But, you talked about the margin targets that are out there today that they wouldn't change until August. But, in that preamble you also talked about timing to get there was being a big focus. I am kind of curious relative to the existing targets that are out there, how quickly do you think you can get there? And if you could help me understand where the long hanging fruit is versus the stuff that's a little bit harder to deal? Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So, you see already Q1 is a move in the right direction as far as margin. So, I will just tell you that. You are not going to wait until -- we have one more quarter before the August discussion we will have. So, you'll see more progress then. As far as the timing, of course, fab changes will take the longest because it takes time to change your manufacturing footprint between transferring technology and getting customer , but you are also not going to hear me say, "Wait for me for three years before we unwind all of this." We have and there are enough levers for us to make a positive impact on margin. What I am hesitating because I really haven't done the full scope it is the scale of that positive impact we can do in the short-term. And again, all I am asking for is till August. But we are not going to see, oh, yes, we are stuck with manufacturing, so it's going to take a long time. That's not what you can expect. You'll expect something much more favorable. John Pitzer: No, that's helpful. And this is my follow-up. Just going back to your M&A comments, I know you are not going to be too specific. But, I was hoping you could give us some broad strokes of you are thinking about M&A. You clearly created a lot of value at Cypress with the Broadcom IoT acquisition. If you look at the history with ON, there has sort of being this tension between M&A and profitability targets. And often times, the M&A set the profitability targets back. What kind of principal views do you have an M&A around accretion, around the model, around what it means to add to the business? Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. There is not really one recipe for M&A. Parallel to when I talk about the strategy for the company, I do have a M&A strategy very specifically that matches up to that, and what do I mean? Some deals are strategic deals where maybe it would not be accretive right in the first year or when we do it or at the synergy. But they are strategic to give us a position in the market that we would like - a leadership position. We're going to be looking at those, for example. There are some that are financial deals where you do a deal because it strengthens your current markets. Or, capability that you are growing organically where you can give adrenaline shot in the arm and accelerate the attainment versus doing it organically. So, I look at M&A and you've seen it the way we have done it at Cypress, in order to fit a certain purpose and that's the thesis that I formed prior to going into the M&A because if I can explain it to all of our employees, I am sure I cannot explain to all of you out there So focusing on why we are doing it is key. But, we are not going do a bad deal just to do a bad deal. We do have the scale. We have the growth. We have a lot of opportunities for us to create value. So, you're not going to see us rushing doing something just for the sake of doing something, we're going to be very disciplined, but when we do something you can expect that it's going to be to achieve a very specific thesis that is very well aligned with our strategy. John Pitzer: Helpful, thank you. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead. William Stein: Great, thanks for letting me ask the question. My congrats again to Bernard; and Hassane probably for you, I'm hoping you can dig into the end markets a little bit more in particular, I think we didn't hear about consumer and compute in the quarter, maybe that's a talus to the strategic focus of those end-markets, but maybe you can talk also about the Q1 outlook by end-market a little bit? Thank you. Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. Your comment is very accurate. I'm starting to set the stage of where we're going to be, and obviously the Q&A session is very, very long, but it's very also important to kind of set the stage of where we are. But you're going to start expecting these commentary in order for us as a company to start driving the narrative of where we're and what our strategy is, and that's why you didn't see a lot of commentary on as far as some of the end-markets that will gladly take if they support growth at the right margin profile that we have, but what I call, they're opportunistic markets. I'm not going to be delving into a lot of those details moving forward. But if there's anything notable, we'll just tell you regarding that. And that includes kind of given the breakdown, forward-looking guidance by all of these end-markets, I don't think that that dilutes a little bit of what we're doing. So, I want to keep the message on point. William Stein: Okay. Maybe then I can ask a little bit about the backlog. We've heard a lot about shortages that stimulate double ordering, because customers get nervous, it sounds like that's not so much happening with your business. But maybe you can give us some idea as to the size of the backlog now and the duration of the backlog relative to what it looks like typically? Hassane El-Khoury: So, listen, there's always a risk of double ordering, and we have a lot of metrics, our sales force and our operations team have way more data than I can tell you about how do we trend and make sure that there are inconsistencies between what we expect, what the market tells us, and what the orders on our books are. So, I'll leave it at that, and whatever we see risk of double ordering we pick up the phone and have to engage directly. We don't depend just on the backlog to drive our inventory and our wafer starts. So, we do that, again as a day-to-day. Typically in normal times we don't have to do this, but again, it goes back to the comment I made earlier, when we get an order, I want to make sure to whatever confidence I can, 80%,90%, 100% confidence that it's going to be on a board at a customer that's going to ship to an end-consumer. That's the focus, so we're trying to plow through it, but there are indications of some double bookings that we just ignore, I guess. William Stein: Thanks, Hassane, and congrats on the great results and guidance. Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you. Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's question-and-answer session, and I'd like to turn the conference back over to Parag Agarwal for any further remarks. Parag Agarwal: Thank you everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences and various   for the quarter. Thank you, and goodbye. Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Mr. Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, [Dillon]. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's third quarter 2020 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website, at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast, along with our 2020 third quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call.  The script for today's call and additional information related to our end-markets, business segments, geographies, channels, share count, and 2020 and 2021 fiscal calendars are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are included in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words "believe," "estimate," “project,” "anticipate," "intend," “may,” "expect,” “will,” "plan," "should" or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections.  Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs, and other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for third quarter of 2020. Our estimates, or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other events that may occur, except as required by law. During the fourth quarter, we plan to attend two virtual conferences. These include NASDAQ's 43rd Virtual Investor Conference on December 1 and Wells Fargo TMT Summit 2020 on December 2. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of our third quarter 2020 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. During the third quarter, we saw strong recovery in business conditions due to sharp acceleration in global economic activity, especially in the automotive market. Order activity has picked-up meaningfully across end-markets and geographies.  Manufacturers are striving to meet the upsurge in demand, which was previously disrupted by COVID-19 pandemic. Along with the strong macro driven recovery of our business, momentum in our key strategic growth areas in industrial, automotive, and cloud-power end-markets is accelerating. Our design wins are accelerating and design funnel is expanding at a rapid pace. As we stated earlier, gross margin improvement is the primary strategic priority for the company. We are on track with our manufacturing consolidation plans, and discussions are ongoing with various parties regarding the previously announced intended sale of our fabs in Belgium and Niigata, Japan. In the near-term, revenue tailwinds from the ongoing recovery in business conditions and favorable end-market mix shift should help drive margin expansion. Now, let me provide you details on our third quarter 2020 results. Total revenue for the third quarter of 2020 was $1.317 billion, a decrease of 5% as compared to revenue of $1.382 billion in the third quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decline in revenue was driven primarily by a slowdown in global macroeconomic activity due to the COVID19 pandemic.  GAAP net income for the third quarter was $0.38 per diluted share, as compared to a net loss of $0.15 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2019. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter of 2020 was $0.27 per diluted share as compared to $0.33 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2019. GAAP gross margin for the third quarter of 2020 was 33.5% as compared to 34.4% in the third quarter of 2019. Non-GAAP gross margin for the third quarter of 2020 was 33.5% as compared to 35.8% in the third quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decline in gross margin was driven primarily by lower revenue as discussed earlier, and COVID-19 related costs. Our GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2020 was 9%, as compared to negative 3.2% in the third quarter of 2019. Third quarter 2019 GAAP operating margin included an impact of $169.5 million related to the intellectual property settlement with Power Integrations. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2020 was 12%, as compared to 13% percent in third quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decline in operating margin was driven largely by lower revenue and impact on gross margin due to COVID-19 pandemic. GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $322.2 million, as compared to $519.1 million in the third quarter of 2019. Third quarter 2019 GAAP operating expenses included $169.5 million related to the intellectual property settlement with Power Integrations. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $283.6 million, as compared to $314.3 million in the third quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decrease in non-GAAP operating expenses was driven primarily by strong execution on the cost front, and by restructuring and cost saving measures undertaken by the company. The third quarter free cash flow was $101.8 million and operating cash flow was $163.4 million. Capital expenditures during the third quarter were $61.6 million, which equate to a capital intensity of 4.7%. As we indicated previously, we are directing most of our capital expenditures towards enabling our 300mm capabilities in the East Fishkill fab. We expect total capital expenditures for 2020 to be in the range of $370 million to $390 million. We exited the third quarter of 2020 with cash and cash equivalents of $1.654 billion, as compared to $2.06 billion at the end of second quarter of 2020. The decline in cash balance was primarily due to a pay down of amounts drawn under our revolving debt facility as a precautionary measure in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. At this time, with cash balance of approximately $1.6 billion, we are very comfortable with our liquidity position. In the fourth quarter, we expect to use approximately $690 million to pay-off our 2020 convertible note principal at maturity. At the end of the third quarter, days of inventory on hand were 133 days, down 7 days as compared to 140 days in the second quarter of 2020. In the fourth quarter, we intend to continue to reduce our balance sheet inventories. Therefore, we plan to run our factories at current level of utilization, despite expected higher revenue levels in the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, distribution inventory decreased by approximately two weeks as sales through the distribution channel increased significantly quarter-over-quarter. Instead of shipping products in the distributor channel for revenue, we brought down channel inventory, even though it was within our comfort zone.  Now let me provide you an update on performance of our business units, starting with the Power Solutions Group or PSG. Revenue for PSG for the third quarter was $647.4 million. Revenue for Advanced Solutions Group or ASG, for the third quarter was $494.6 million, and revenue for our Intelligent Sensing Group or ISG, was $175.3 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. Let me first update you on our manufacturing optimization plans, and then I will provide an update on the current business environment. We are in discussions with various parties regarding the planned sale of our Belgium and Niigata fabs. We are working diligently to get quick resolution on these fabs, but we do not have an announcement to make at this time. The process for ceasing operations of our fab in Rochester, New York, is progressing as per plan, and we expect to begin seeing annual savings of $15 million starting in the first quarter of 2021. We achieved a major milestone in the third quarter as we recognized our first revenue from our 300mm products. We continue to make solid progress in our manufacturing transition to 300mm fab in East Fishkill, New York. As I have indicated earlier, yields for our 300mm manufacturing processes have been spectacular, and we expect to see a meaningful positive impact on our gross margin as our 300mm manufacturing ramps in the coming years. Additionally, our 300mm manufacturing capability in East Fishkill fab has afforded us significant flexibility, which has enabled us to optimize our network. We continue to make substantial progress in our key initiatives to expand gross margins. We are driving shift towards higher margin products by aggressively winning designs in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power end-markets. At the same time, we continue to optimize our portfolio to drive margin expansion. The fundamentals of our cost structure remain unchanged. With ongoing recovery, as our revenue and factory utilization increase, we expect to see meaningful increase in our gross margin. The benefits from manufacturing optimization, mix shift, and portfolio optimization should be additive to fall-through we see from incremental revenue. Now, let me comment on the current business environment. We have seen meaningful acceleration in order momentum in the third quarter, and we expect that business activity will continue to grow at above seasonal levels in the near term. Along with improving global macroeconomic environment, our accelerating design-wins in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power end-markets are key contributors to our momentum. From a geographic perspective, we are seeing acceleration in demand from all regions. Economic data such as PMI and GDP point towards a strong recovery in industrial activity and in the overall business environment across the globe. Although COVID-19 pandemic temporarily affected our business, the underlying fundamentals of our business and secular trends driving our business remain unchanged. We continue to see strong momentum in key strategic initiatives for electric vehicles, robotics, factory, and warehouse automation, cloud-power, and ADAS. We are well positioned to benefit from ongoing recovery with our highly differentiated power, analog, and sensor products, which enable key secular trends in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power end-markets. Now, I’ll provide details of the progress in our various end-markets for third quarter of 2020. Revenue for the automotive market in the third quarter was $419.2 million and represented 32% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter automotive revenue declined by 6% year-over-year, primarily due to COVID-19 driven decline in automotive production. We are seeing strong momentum for our Silicon Carbide offerings with additional design wins at leading OEMs and tier-1 customers. In addition to winning new designs, we are expanding our engagement with new customers for Silicon Carbide, and we are currently sampling products to many of these customers. On the ADAS front, we continue to win designs with major global automotive players. We are also seeing a higher-level of attach rates for both ADAS and viewing applications. We are very well positioned to benefit from technology transition in automotive LiDAR to newer SiPM and SPAD technologies from APD technology, and we are seeing strong traction for our LiDAR products with leading customers. Other areas of automotive were strong as well in the third quarter. We saw strong growth in our lighting, ultrasonic, and actuator solutions. From a geographical perspective, we saw strength across all regions. Despite steep increase in automotive production, it appears that dealer inventories are low. We expect current recovery in global automotive production to continue in near-term. Based on our outlook and third party reports, we believe that our 2020 annual automotive revenue growth rate should exceed 2020 global light vehicle annual production growth rate by a wide margin. Revenue in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the automotive end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter as we expect to see continuing recovery in global automotive production. The Industrial end-market, which includes military, aerospace, and medical, contributed revenue of $327.6 million in the third quarter. The Industrial end-market represented 25% of our revenue in the third quarter. Year-over-year, our third quarter [industrial revenue] declined 7%. This decline was driven by reduction in global industrial activity due to the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical issues related to a specific customer. In the Industrial end-market, we are seeing strong adoption of our Silicon Carbide modules for solar power related applications, and we are rapidly expanding our customer base in the alternative energy market. On the Industrial power front, we are seeing increasing design activity for motor control and building automation. Energy efficiency regulations that are slated to be enacted in 2021 and beyond are driving power management and motor control related activity. Our medical business grew strongly quarter-over-quarter in the third quarter as the pace of elective procedures picked up. We continue to work with leading market players to design in our image sensors for automation and machine vision applications. We have secured additional design wins for large format image sensors for professional movie camera applications. Revenue in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the industrial end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The Communications end-market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $255.4 million in the third quarter, and represented 19% of our revenue during the third quarter. Third quarter communications revenue declined by 7% year-over-year. We saw strong year-over-year growth in our 5G infrastructure business in the third quarter. Our Smartphone business declined year-over-year, in part due to geopolitical factors related to a customer. Revenue in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the communications end-market is expected to be flat to down quarter-over-quarter, due to expected revenue decline from customer specific geopolitical factors. The Computing end-market contributed revenue of $172.2 million in the third quarter. The computing end-market represented 13% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter computing revenue increased by 12% year-over-year due to strength in both server and client businesses. We are seeing strength in our server power business with increasing content in new server platforms and share gains. Most leading processor makers are projecting higher current requirements in their next generation products. We expect this trajectory to continue in the near to mid-term due to increasing demand for computational capabilities, driven primarily by artificial intelligence. Revenue in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the computing end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The Consumer end-market contributed revenue of $142.9 million in the third quarter. The consumer end-market represented 11% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter consumer revenue declined by 9% year-over-year. The year-over-year decline was due to broad-based weakness in the consumer electronics market due to COVID-19 pandemic and our selective participation in this market. Revenue in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the Consumer end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. In summary, we are accelerating our efforts to drive margin expansion. We are rationalizing our fixed cost footprint. At the same time, we are also aggressively winning designs to drive mix shift towards automotive, industrial, and cloud-power end-markets, which have higher margins. Ramp-up of our 300mm manufacturing processes at East Fishkill fab should further help in gross margin expansion. In the near term, strong revenue growth driven by ongoing recovery in our business, should contribute to margin expansion. Business conditions have improved meaningfully and we expect the improvement to continue in the near term. We are seeing broad-based recovery across most end-markets and geographies. Key secular megatrends and long-term drivers of our business remain intact, and we are excited about our medium to long-term prospects. We are seeing accelerating momentum in our key strategic initiatives for electric vehicles, robotics, factory and warehouse automation, cloud-power and ADAS. Now, I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turns level, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue will be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2020. For fourth quarter of 2020, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin between 32.9% to 34.9%. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $315 million to $333 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be in the $32 million to $36 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $283 million to $297 million in the fourth quarter. The expected increase in our fourth quarter operating expenses as compared to those in the third quarter is driven by the planned reinstatement of salaries and benefits that were reduced due to decline in our business resulting from COVID-19 pandemic. In our 2020 operating expenses, the variable component of compensation was not significant. However, as we enter into 2021, we plan to accrue meaningful variable compensation with the expectation that 2021 will be a strong year. Consequently, we expect an increase of about $25 million to $30 million quarter-over-quarter in our operating expenses in first quarter of 2021. We anticipate fourth quarter of 2020 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be an expense of $41 million to $44 million, which includes the non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate that net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be an expense of $32 million to $34 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in fourth quarter of 2020 is expected to be $22 million to $28 million. For 2020, we expect cash paid for taxes in the range of $52 million to $58 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $100 million to $120 million in fourth quarter of 2020. We are currently targeting an overwhelming proportion of our CapEx for enabling our 300mm capability at an accelerated pace. We expect share based compensation of $16 million to $18 million in fourth quarter of 2020, of which approximately $3 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2020 is expected to be in the 425 million to 426 million shares, based on our current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for fourth quarter of 2020 is expected to be 413 million shares, based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, respectively. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and [Dillon] please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] I show our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys, congrats on the results, and thanks to let me ask you a question. I want to focus both my questions on margin. So, the first one is on the gross margin side of things, I see that you're guiding to about a 50% incremental gross margin in the fourth quarter. Given that you're not changing utilization, I understand that, but I guess first, why aren't you changing utilization given the strength in the business? And then if we go beyond the first quarter, can you just talk about how the fab closures, the utilization increases, and the 300 millimeter ramp all layer in to the gross margin? Because I would assume that would need to be above that 50% incremental that you've guided to historically and even in the fourth quarter.
Bernard Gutmann: Hi. Thank you Ross for your questions. This is Bernard. We are also intending to continue working on our inventory in the [indiscernible]. We don't plan on increasing our utilization substantially to keep working on that. And you're correct as we start getting the benefits of the factory closures. We have talked about $75 million of annual savings coming from those closures or sales. The Rochester closing is on its way to be to being completed. And as a result, we expect to get about $15 million of that of annual savings starting in the first quarter of 2021. The other two is a function of when we end up and up what we ended up negotiating with the intended buyers of these fabs, and that's ongoing and in progress right now. So, yes, the answer is yes, we should expect to see better than 50% fall through as we go throughout 2020.
Ross Seymore: Great, thanks for those details. And then as my follow up question, again, sticking on the margin front and moving to the effects side of things. I think everybody understands why you had variable comp down this year, and why it would step up sequentially in the first quarter. But if I look at a year-over-year, it's basically flat is what's your guiding, there might have been some COVID-related impacts in the first quarter of 2020, but given the structural changes and cost cuts you guys announced earlier this year, I'm still struggling to figure out why the guide for OpEx in the first quarter of 2021 would be flat year-over-year.
Bernard Gutmann: So as we said in the prepared remarks, we have no variable comp in any orders in 2020, as well as 2019. So, we're basically, we did take significant cost reduction actions, some temporary and some permanent. And right now the variable comp will be layered. Obviously that depends on the distance result [if the] next year points in the direction of being a strong year, which is what our assumptions are then we should have a significant addition on variable comp, if obviously, the year is not in that direction, then we will not.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Danely: Hey, guys, just a quick clarification on the gross margin. So, why was it 50 basis points better than the guide? Was that all revenue upside or was there some mixer pricing or something else that was driving it higher?
Bernard Gutmann: Mostly revenue upside.
Chris Danely: Got it. And then any update on the CEO search?
Bernard Gutmann: It's ongoing and there's nothing to announce at this time.
Chris Danely: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Just a question on inventory, and you know, what you're planning on doing with production. Could you give us a sense of where you would like both the channel inventory and your internal inventory to get to before you would increase utilization? And generally, what's the reason for the more cautious approach to inventory right now?
Bernard Gutmann: So, the inventory we have on the channel, we said in prepared remarks, we took it down two weeks where we are within our comfort range, so we feel good going into next year that we’ve been at an appropriate level for that. In general inventories, we peaked in the second quarter to 140 days, decreased to 233 days in the third quarter, and we think there's still room to continue gradually decreasing it into the fourth quarter.
Chris Caso: All right. As a follow-up on the automotive market, I guess that now you're running in a sort of down, you know, mid-to-high single-digits year-on-year. Last quarter, you talked about anticipating that the customers would be running at full production in the second half of the year. Could you give us an update of that? Where are your customers running regarding, you know, their own production? And I guess with that, what's the gap between, you know, if the customers are kind of getting back to normal and you're still down year-on-year? What's the delta there? And once you kind of get you back to, you know, flat, year-on-year and then eventually [grow]?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So, we believe that the auto customers will be largely running at pre-COVID levels, excuse me, here in the fourth quarter. And really the only difference, if there was any, would be change in inventory in the supply chain. There was definitely some caution in the supply chain as that COVID-19 went in and I would expect it in 2021 it would start replenishing even above our [own rates].
Chris Caso: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Raji Gill from Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 
Raji Gill : Yes. Thank you and congrats as well on solid results. Regarding the momentum in the automotive business, you talked about outgrowing auto production by a wide margin. Obviously, we're going to see a rebound in auto production post-COVID, but on top of that, what's driving the wide margin commentary specifically in sensors and EV? Any color there would be helpful in terms of how much semiconductor content you're going to layer on top of that rebound production?
Keith Jackson: Yes. So I think you know the two topics. From an ADAS perspective, we're seeing a significant amount of the production move to level two, which has quite a bit more dollar content. It kind of goes from $10 at level one to $150 at level two, so we're seeing that transition would drive very significant growth above the SARS rate. And then, on the electric vehicles, now, there will be more electric vehicle still dominated by internal combustion, but nonetheless, more vehicles. And again, the content there goes from, you know, $40, $50 bucks up to $500. So those – if you look at both of those things, there were an order of magnitude change. And so, as a result of that, we would expect a very significant outgoing.
Raji Gill: And just for my follow-up, I know you can't provide more guidance, but if we're looking at gross margin trajectory, if you look at the margins in 2019, you know, they were kind of at 36% for the year. And obviously, it took a big dip in the first half of this year because of COVID. But you're kind of moving back. So, how do we think about, you know, the margins in 2021 getting back to kind of normal, maybe more normalized levels, what we saw in 2019, and then, kind of moving beyond that? Is there really going to be a function of revenue? I know you talked about the closure of that [indiscernible] fab, but should we be expecting to get back to kind of 2019 levels and beyond as we progress into 2021?
Bernard Gutmann: It depends on a lot of factors, but the same premises that we have put forth in the past holds true. We do expect the 50% fall-through on just a few of revenue changes and expect that the 2021 will be a good year in terms of revenue. We will layer on top of that mixed savings with the premise that our revenue growth in automotive and industrial and cloud power, which all have better than corporate average gross margin. We’ll contribute to be taped to [tailwind] some gross margin and as mentioned earlier, in response to another call – question, we do expect to get the savings from the [factor sale] or closures that we have announced previously. And last but not least, we do still have some lingering COVID costs in our numbers. We expect that most of those will take a while to get those [indiscernible] mainly logistics and freight costs, as the pressures on that eases out, we should also get a little bit of tailwind in addition to what I just mentioned.
Raji Gill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Hi, good morning, guys. Just a couple of questions here. On the disti side, I know you talked about September quarter disti inventory coming down two weeks. Typically 4Q inventories go down and I was just wondering what you're seeing in terms of distributor inventories exiting 4Q versus where normal levels are? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: I'm not sure I got all of that question. Audio issues on our side, but we brought the disti inventory down in the third quarter to kind of the low-end of our normal operating ranges. So, we're not looking to take it down substantially from there, but kind of hold it toward that lower end. We think this does give us more flexibility, particularly if the market is more robust than we're seeing right now. So that's the plan. Did that get your question Vijay?
Vijay Rakesh: Yes, it does. Thanks a lot. And one other question here. On the gross margin side, obviously, you know, there's some near-term costs, logistics, COVID-logistics costs and operational costs. Just wondering what the headwinds from those are? And do you see those subside as you go into first half next year? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: Yes, definitely much less than what we had in the first and second quarter. The lingering costs are more logistics. It will normalize when we see airlines flying again, so that's mostly commercial. So that's a big question mark. So, probably, it’s going to be more protracted. But it's much less than what we had seen in the first half of the year. So, it's just some lingering headwinds, not significant.
Vijay Rakesh: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess first following up on the automotive side of things and silicon carbide, can you talk about the pipeline there after your win on silicon carbide? And then, also, how we should think about IGBTs and your position there?
Keith Jackson: So, we continue to see wins for both IGBTs and silicon carbide. You know, it's maybe oversimplified, but in the lower lifetime or smaller cars, the IGBT is still the dominant solution. In the more powerful cars, who are designed with much longer range silicon carbide is becoming the predominant solution. So, we have wins at many different Tier 1s and OEMs at this stage for both IGBT and silicon carbide.
Christopher Rolland: Great. And I was wondering if you could give us an update on your footprint consolidation. I guess, any update on Belgium and any other updates in terms of targets or potential opportunities? 
Keith Jackson: In Belgium, we are having, what I would call, the final round of negotiations right now, and expect that we – during the quarter, we'll be able to find solutions there. In Niigata, there's still process ongoing, you know, probably [ease] into the New Year.
Christopher Rolland: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley Securities. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Yes. Thanks so much for taking the questions. And I'll just ask a couple of follow ups. First on gross margins, so it's clear that it's hard to handicap the exact timing of a fab sale, but, gentlemen, I'm wondering if you can just help us scope the amount of the $75 million in COGS efficiency gains that you'd expect to get in calendar 2021, not by quarter, but just overall? How much of that could be realized in 2021? And then, how much would come through in calendar 2022? 
Keith Jackson: It's a tough question, Craig. Definitely, we can talk about the Rochester one, which is the [first] the $50 million that will start immediately in Q1. The other is still a function of what we end up negotiating with the buying parties in terms of [MSA] that will drive what those savings are. Typically the closure of a fab takes somewhere in the 18 months to 24 months, but obviously, we have been already working on it.
Craig Ellis: Got it. And then, if I could just bundle two follow-ups together, Bernard. The first is to Ross' question, beyond the first quarter, which not only would include discretionary comp, but also things like FICA, what should we expect from 2Q through 4Q? Do you actually get some OpEx decreases in the back half of the year as FICA goes away? And then, with the debt pay down in the fourth quarter, the convert, what should we expect for interest expense in the first calendar quarter?
Bernard Gutmann: Let me start from the last question first. Interest expense, we tend to continue paying down debt as we generate the good amount of free cash flow next year, so it's just a function of how much that debt paid down. Definitely, the pay down of the $690 million will be a little bit of interest away. So, I expect the trend of interest expense to go down over time.
Keith Jackson: The OpEx?
Craig Ellis: And then, OpEx?
Bernard Gutmann: The OpEx trend, we expect this step function improvement or increase in OpEx in the first quarter. And indeed, you're correct. In addition to that, there is within that assumption a timing or seasonality of FICA in other U.S. based payroll expenses. So, I don't expect that the expenses will go up more materially for the rest of the year. They may trend mostly flat.
Craig Ellis: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Josh Buchalter: Hi, this is Josh Buchalter on behalf of Matt Ramsay. Congrats on the results. And Keith, congratulations on your retirement. I guess I wanted to start on the – on the last call, you mentioned you weren't expecting to see any under utilization charges in the second half. Can you confirm it, you know, this is still the case given you're keeping utilizations flat and inventory sounds like they are going to trend downwards?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, obviously with the disclaimer that we don't control what governments do. So, at this stage, we don't expect there is no mandated shelter in place – mandates from governments. So if that continues, which we expect it to we will not see any additional COVID-related expenses [indiscernible].
Josh Buchalter: Okay, thank you. And then, I guess a bigger picture question. When you made the plans to invest in the 300-millimeter fab, it was obviously a very different environment. I'm just wondering if any of your strategic assumptions or plans changed for the new environment of you know, porting volumes through this fab since the deal was announced a year and a half ago. Thanks, and congrats again.
Keith Jackson: No. We continue to be excited about that addition to our network. And so, from that perspective, we continue to get qualifications of products, processes, and customers [in] there, and continue to enjoy the ramp that we envision. The only change I would get is maybe a little more acceleration on closure of some of the other factories that has been brought about by the overall lower environment that COVID brought.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I had two as well. First of all, you guys talked about geopolitical factors having impact on your business in Q3 and I do believe in your Q4 guidance as well. If you could confirm how meaningful the headwinds were associated with geopolitical factors in Q3, and what's embedded in your Q4 guidance, that would be helpful? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: In Q3, there certainly was an impact, but, you know, primarily in Q4 until licenses are granted, the answer is there's no business at all and they were one of the top customers.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then, as a quick follow-up, I wanted to double click on gross margins as well. In the past, you guys have talked to a 40% plus long-term target for gross margins. I guess is that still the case? Is that still very much intact? And to the extent it is, I was hoping you could rank order the drivers that get you there? I think throughout this call, you've talked about, obviously, Rochester, which is done. You've got Niigata, Belgium. You're rationalizing or optimizing your portfolio. You've got the 300-millimeter transition. And obviously, you've got the COVID costs, which hopefully go away over time, so if you can rank order some of the drivers as you think about gross margin expansion over the next couple of years that would be helpful. Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: Pretty much summarize that very well for us. Thank you. Definitely, when we did our model, which actually was 43%, and we, you know, predicated on a $7.1 billion revenue, we believe that, that still holds true. So, we do have a good amount of catch-up from different levels of 5.15 to that level with the fact that we have a good [fall-through] on that that still holds true. The footprint consolidation as well as the benefits of the 300-millimeter in the [indiscernible] will also be a significant factor and mix, as a third one is the one that will help us get there.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, guys. Congratulations first of all, two questions. First of all, would you be able to give us some color on particularly the automotive and industrial markets? I know you said they should be up, but maybe help us think about how we should think about modeling them? And then, another part of that same question, you talked about distribution and mentoring auto, how many weeks excess do you think, if at all, there is in the system, particularly in auto?
Keith Jackson: Okay. I'll start with auto, I believe that distribution and entire supply chain there, there is no excess going into fourth quarter. I think that's largely been taken care of. In fact, if anything may have undershot and set us up for next year having to do replenishment. So, that market, the supply chain there is lean at this stage and I don't know any pockets of [badness]. As I mentioned earlier, we expect auto production rates in Q4 to be largely back to where they were in 2019. So, again, by – quarter-over-quarter, that is showing improvement from Q3. From an industrial perspective, you know, we're seeing recovery there. We think, again, largely the excess supply is out of the channel, but there's no rebuilding that we can see, so moderate recovery on industrial.
Harsh Kumar: Understood. And then, your closure of fabs, you mentioned started three, I think, in total. Maybe help us understand where is this production going to? Is it going to Fishkill? And, you know, on a scale of 1 to 10, if you say, you know, prior to you getting control of Fishkill, if 10 is kind of like where you want to be, where do you think you are at this point in time?
Keith Jackson: So, most of the production in those two particular factories are going into our other internal fabs. And what we're doing is taking selective high volume runners out of the other internal fabs and moving into East Fishkill, so a little bit of a two-step process to get in [indiscernible]. And relative to – you know, [10] is full ownership and full running. We are at this stage down around two. We're just starting our ramp in the manufacturing there in the third quarter and ramping from there.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mark Lipacis: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I had a question about the process of shutting down or selling a factory. When you're transferring parts from your old facilities to your new facilities, can you describe what the qualification process is like? How long does that take? Or is it a matter of practice for you that, you know, [indiscernible] primarily make it one factory? You also are always qualifying them at other factories just for redundancy sake and that's not a big deal to re-qualify parts. That's the first question, I have a follow-up too.
Keith Jackson: Okay. So for the first one, most of our high volume processes have more than one factory to run in, just from a supply chain risk perspective. For those products, in essence, take the specific products that you're running, that may not be in the alternate factory, you have to run some reliability tests and you have to run those by your customers. And for those processes, it's anywhere from 182 days to a year. For other processes that don't have as much volume, you do have to first bring up the process in the new factory. That can take anywhere from nine months to a year, then you have to run the same qualification, so that gets you kind of out in the two-year range for that. We had started moving things for the factories that we're talking about here, before we announced those transactions. And so, we're well into that second phase now of getting the customers qualified. By the selling of the factories, in our customer agreements, there will be some amount of time required. We will still take product from those factories, but you're now down into that kind of 18 months or so range.
Mark Lipacis: Got you. That's very helpful. And longer-term, Keith, to you – as you work your way to your gross margin bogey, did you think that translates to a higher internal mix of or a higher outsource boundary mix on the front end [multiple speakers]?
Keith Jackson : So, the front end, yes, the front end part will become more external, but that's less to do with consolidation and more to do with some of our fastest growing products [use nodes] that we use boundaries for. 
Mark Lipacis: Got you. Thank you very much, very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Morning, and thanks for taking my question. Has the East kill fish – has East Fishkill fab in auto grade qualified? And if not, when you guys expect to achieve qualification? And then, in terms of revenues today from Fishkill, what products and end-markets are you shipping into?
Keith Jackson: So today, we're shipping primarily into industrial with some automotive content out of EFK. So, we are qualified for both.
Harlan Sur: Great. And then, Keith, with 13-weeek to 15-week lead times on average, you know, you guys are booking into the March quarter. You also have a good view on customer forecasts as well. I believe normal seasonality for the team is flat to down a couple of percentage points in March. You talked about above seasonal demand trends near term, wondering if you're seeing this in the orders for the March quarter.
Keith Jackson: Yes. Orders are good and the comments we've made on above market, the seasonality will extend past this year.
Harlan Sur: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes, thanks. So let me ask the question. Keith, maybe just a follow on there to Harlan’s second question, when you think about the calendar first quarter, is there enough leverage above seasonal revenue growth and gross margin leverage that you can have op margins be flattish, despite the increase in OpEx? And if that's not the case, why isn't variable comp more tied to profitability? Why not wait until later on in 2021 to re-establish some of the variable comp?
Keith Jackson: So, we really don't want to give guidance for Q1. We do it one quarter at a time. What I will tell you is certainly, we would expect revenues to continue to increase nicely throughout next year. And the way accounting works, you have to accrue for the entire year at the expected rate for the year even though you may have a quarter somewhere in there that doesn't fully meet the objectives.
John Pitzer: That's all fine. And back to the auto side, when you look calendar year 2017 to 2018, SARS was down a little bit in 2018. But you guys significantly outgrew the market almost by under 10 percentage points. I'm just kind of curious given how weak the auto sector has been for you and the overall semi-market since really, the end of calendar year 2018, 2019 was down, 2020 is going to end up being down, how are you viewing your outgrowth to SARS as we go on into calendar year 2021? And do you have kind of a view you can give us on what you think SARS growth will be next year?
Keith Jackson: So, the answer is, yes, we [indiscernible] wide margins. As I mentioned in my comments, very significant with the drivers being more level 2 cars on ADAS and a higher percentage of EV. From a SARS perspective, we tend to try and be conservative on that and look for kind of 2019 levels next year on a SARS basis. But again, we think we have been outperforming the overall SARS in 2020. We think the supply chain did lean out, which took some of that margin away. But in 2021, as I mentioned earlier, right, we think there may have to be some re-stocking to hit the [four levels] as appropriate.
John Pitzer: So, Keith, if an 2018, you outgrew SARS by 10 percentage points, so you think 2021 setting up to be an 2018 [indiscernible] for you? 
Keith Jackson: I think the opportunity for double-digit outperformance is there.
John Pitzer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy from Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cassidy: Thanks for taking my question. Just going back to factory utilization, is there any more efficiency coming in? Can you get higher gross margin at the same utilization, you know, say compared to a couple of years ago?
Bernard Gutmann: There is some help that comes from mix as we have talked about, but definitely we depend on – a lot on revenue increases. The…
Keith Jackson: I would just add that as we're looking forward, the other traditional lever is pricing. And, of course, 2019 was not necessarily a good year, but as we're seeing our 2020 – excuse me, not a good year, but 2021 is shaping up to be a little better pricing environment.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. And just one follow-up kind of on that qualification process, you know, you can have your internal qualifications, does your customers – has there been any change in the qualification process relative to the customers? Do they just agree with your data from your manufacturing or do they want to test the parts too?
Keith Jackson: Most of them agree with our reliability data. They don't need to duplicate that. But they do need to verify the products are still functioning exactly the same way in their applications, so that takes them. You know, that's part of the six month kind of check that they've got to do on their side.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of David O'Connor from Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
David O'Connor: Great. Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Maybe to go back on the 10 points outperformance, Keith, that you mentioned, you talked about ADAS and EV as being the main contributors. As we exit 2020, can you give us a sense of how big these are now for the business? And I have a follow up.
Bernard Gutmann: So sensors, the ADAC sensor is about 20% of our total automotive. The electric PC is smaller, but we haven't disclosed how much it is, but we know it's going to ramp up at a very strong and fast pace in 2021 and beyond.
David O'Connor: That's helpful. And then, maybe as my follow-up, on the [200-millimeter] East Fishkill fab, you know, you talked about the spectacular yields there, which are those high volume products where you're seeing these yields? And is there an opportunity to pull in the ramp up there giving you seem to be ahead of schedule? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So, our first products to ramp there are medium voltage MOSFET, and then, followed by our IGBTs and we are ramping that pretty much at the pace our customers are qualifying at this stage.
David O'Connor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good afternoon. Given the lead times of still somewhat elevated in parts of your business, at least industry wide, and given your utilization rates below normal level, are there opportunities for you to gain actually market share because your utilization rates being below, will actually be an opportunity to [indiscernible] in areas where some of your competitors may be tight? Or am I not looking at just the correct way?
Keith Jackson: No. I think we do have some upside opportunities with extra capacity in the factories where actually the inventory positions we're taking or really ensuring that that excess capacity can go directly to the customers that may have opportunity to grow a little faster. And I mentioned earlier, the ADAS and EV side of it, particularly those we think may be due for some additional inventory in the channel.
Tristan Gerra: Okay, great. And then, just a quick follow-up. I know you haven't quantified the dilution from Quantenna. Is it fair to assume that it's now worse than the initial dilution that the business was incurring right after the close? And are you giving any consideration to taking additional action on that business besides just waiting for the new [product ramp]?
Keith Jackson: So there's not been appreciable decline in that business, if that's where you're headed. So, not sure where that came from, so we're not seeing additional declines and we are seeing the backlog and design pipeline picking up, so…
Tristan Gerra: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Keith, I had a conceptual question on gross margins. You know, when I look at gross margins in the power discrete industry, they tend to be at best around high 30%, even for the largest companies in the space, you know, such as Infineon who have been running 300-millimeter fabs for quite some time. And when I look at [on history], gross margins have never really exceeded 38%, 39%. And even then, quarterly revenues were much higher than current levels. So, how much of the gross margin dynamics are just a result of selling certain kinds of products, which says that, you know, there is a limit to how much you can expand gross margin, regardless of revenue levels or fab closures or 300-millimeter capability, so I just wanted to run this [hypothesis by you]?
Keith Jackson: So, simple answer there is when we gave our expectations for being able to reach 43%, it fully comprehended the product mix and market mix that we see here. And while there was some number of bips, which we disclosed on mix per se, but from a product perspective, we still think we can get over 40. It does take a leaning out of our manufacturing, which we are in the process and getting the utilization rates up. But we don't think inherently that power business is stuck in the 30s. We definitely think we can get that into 40s. The other piece of that equation is a lot of the new EV stuff is in modules and there we think the opportunity for the modules is for a better margin than the discrete devices.
Vivek Arya: Got it, very helpful. And, Keith, as my follow-up, in terms of the competitive landscape, just given U.S. and China trade tensions, do you see any headwinds to gaining share in China i.e., that share perhaps going more to your European or Japanese competitors? Like have you – other than Huawei, have you seen any effect of trade tension so far? Or do you anticipate any effects going into next year? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: I think there will be more reluctance for customers to accept sole source positions from U.S. based companies as a result of the trade tensions. I still think they're very wise economic buyers and they're going to do the best thing for their company, but they certainly don't want to be completely reliant on the U.S. supplier.
Vivek Arya: But do you see shares shifting to European competitors?
Keith Jackson: We certainly saw at the account you mentioned elsewhere. We have not seen it. 
Vivek Arya: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, good morning, and thank you for taking my question. Keith, for you, are you seeing anything either on the raw material supplier kind of – I guess the foundry supply as well given kind of [indiscernible] speak to distributors. You're reading in the press about some pre-buying of either, you know, materials or capacity next year just given the trade tensions?
Keith Jackson: So, we've seen some tightness and some things like substrates in the communications market. I think that's fairly widespread. I think the expansion there is slower than the market itself [has been] growing. And there's certainly some tightness in spot areas in the foundry market. But overall, the supply chain is in a pretty good shape. 
Shawn Harrison: Very helpful. And Bernard, as a follow-up, just if you can speak to how you're thinking about the return of the share buyback in 2021? What's either maybe a leverage ratio you're looking at or some type of metric before a share buyback could return?
Bernard Gutmann: Sure, Shawn. So historically, what we have done is we have focused on paying down debt until we reach about a two times net leverage. And obviously, we need to get concurrence from our Board to continue the strategy, but that would be the general approach towards a share buyback.
Shawn Harrison: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nik Todorov from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Nik Todorov: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Once you guys complete three [indiscernible] fab optimizations, can you maybe talk about approximately what revenue level you'll be at full utilization of your non-300 millimeter footprint?
Bernard Gutmann: That's a difficult question. I’m not sure I have the answer for that because a lot of it will depend on the mix. Definitely it was upwards towards sweet spots of [indiscernible] which is where we like to operate at.
Nik Todorov: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, I had a question on silicon carbide. Naturally, a lot of the discussion is around EVs, but Keith, from an industrial perspective, can you talk about any interesting applications or opportunities you see in the industrial market?
Keith Jackson: Yes. We're seeing big pickup in solar energy. The pickups that you get there from an efficiency perspective are pretty significant. We have an opportunity for about $650 worth of silicon carbide there. And then, in EV charging, so not the traction inverters, but actual charging stations, we're also seeing opportunities for up to $500 there.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then, just a follow-up on just the geopolitical issues with the customers, is that something that you expect? Ultimately, revenue will go to another OEM and that could be opportunity at some point next year?
Bernard Gutmann: The way the rules are written, it's unclear. Anyone can ship without a license. And so, that's at least our interpretation. And so, I think right now, the license process is most critical to answering who might be providing this [indiscernible], and we should benefit the [indiscernible] to other customers of ours. There is the opportunity for us to also take advantage of that and widen, get that wider in our approach.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley Securities. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Yes, thanks for taking the follow up questions. Keith, I wanted to start just going back to some of your end-market commentary. You mentioned that in cloud power, there should be some [indiscernible] share gain and content gain. So, I wanted to see if we could get some specifics around that for calendar 2021? And then also in cloud power, what is your interaction with base station customers signaling for base station production next year? And what does that mean for growth in that part of cloud power?
Keith Jackson: Okay, so one is kind of share gain and generation change cloud power content, and then, the second one is what kind of ramps we're seeing in base stations if I got that correct?
Craig Ellis: Right, yes.
Keith Jackson: So, you know, kind of going from the backbone, the base station, basically China, is driving most of that growth. And we do see some significant growth there in China. U.S., you know, maybe late in 2021, moving into 22 will become much more substantial. From a cloud server perspective, we get about $60 out of the current generation in our content, and it goes to 75 with the VR fourteens, which are coming out next year.
Craig Ellis: That's great. And then the follow up is on IMM, so it seems like right now, medical, military and energy efficiency are good areas of strength, but we know that in industrial their areas of weakness to energy extraction, etcetera, etcetera. No different than 2009 when industrial broadly was probably the last end market to come off the bottom. The question is this, when do you think that segment broadly will be back to good growth? Is that something that could happen in the first half of 2021 or is that really something that would happen later next year? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. Okay, so the broad base piece of it should improve. We've always seen that kind of following the GDP in general. What we do see different industrialist Craig is the automation has actually been, I believe, accelerated by COVID-19 and the experiences companies had they're. They're looking for much more automation, both in assembly and in their warehouses to kind of make its dependence on people less and so that would be you know, kind of like in automotive we see electric vehicles and [ADAS] being a supercharger. I think, in this case, automation is the supercharger for industrial.
Craig Ellis: That's helpful and congrats on the retirement Keith.
Keith Jackson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I show no have further questions in the queue. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development for closing. Please go ahead, sir.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various virtual conferences during the fourth quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp. Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp. Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Matthew D. Ramsay - Cowen & Co. LLC Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David O'Connor - Exane BNP Paribas Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Kevin Edward Cassidy - Rosenblatt Securities Gary Mobley - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Nikolay Todorov - Longbow Research LLC Vivek Arya - BofA Securities, Inc. Shawn M. Harrison - Loop Capital Markets Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Mr. Parag Agarwal. Sir, please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Jay. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's second quarter 2020 quarterly results conference call. I am joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this webcast along with our 2020 second quarter earnings release will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels, share count and 2020 and 2021 fiscal calendars are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are included in our earnings release which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we'll make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the second quarter of 2020. Our estimates or other financial – or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors except as required by law. We plan to host our Analyst Day on March 5, 2021. At this time, our intent is to hold the event virtually. However, if conditions improve and risks related to COVID-19 pandemic subside substantially, we will hold the event in person in Phoenix, Arizona. We will provide additional information on the event in due course. During the third quarter, we plan to attend four virtual conferences. This includes Keybank Capital Markets Future of Technology Series on August 11; Jefferies Virtual Semiconductor IT, Hardware and Communications Infrastructure Summit on September 2; Citi Global Technology Conference on September 10; and Deutsche Bank Technology Conference on September 15. Now let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann who will provide an overview of our second quarter 2020 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. During the second quarter, we saw a moderate improvement in business conditions as macroeconomic activity picked up across the world. We're seeing improvement in order activity across most end markets and geographies as the global community adjusts to changed business and social conditions brought about by the pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to be a significant headwind to our results. However, through strong execution and unwavering commitment from our employees, customers and supply chain partners, we believe that we are successful in navigating the current environment. Despite near-term challenges, long-term drivers of our business remain intact. We're seeing strong momentum in our key end markets driven by accelerating design wins for our power, analog and sensor products. At this time, improving our gross margin is the primary strategic priority for the company. As evidenced from our most recent press releases, we have accelerated our plans to optimize our manufacturing network. In addition, we're making strong progress in the ramp of our 300-millimeter manufacturing processes at East Fishkill fab. Keith will later provide additional details regarding our progress on the manufacturing front in his remarks. Now let me provide you with details on our second quarter 2020 results. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2020 was $1.213 billion, a decrease of 10% as compared to revenues of $1.348 billion in the second quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decline in revenue was driven primarily by a slowdown in global macroeconomic activity due to the COVID-19 pandemic. GAAP net loss for the quarter was $0.00 per diluted share as compared to a net income of $0.24 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2019. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter of 2020 was $0.12 per diluted share as compared to $0.42 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2019. GAAP gross margin for the second quarter of 2020 was 30.8% as compared to 37% in the second quarter of 2019. Non-GAAP gross margin for the second quarter of 2020 was 30.8% as compared to 37.1% in the second quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decline in gross margin was driven primarily by lower revenue as discussed earlier and COVID-related costs. Second quarter 2020 gross margin included approximately $24 million of COVID-19-related costs. These costs include approximately $13 million related to the underutilization of our factory network in the first half of the second quarter. At this time, we do not expect to incur this underutilization charge in the third quarter of 2020 and beyond. And consequently, we expect to see a substantial increase in our gross margin for the third quarter. Other COVID 19-related costs in the second quarter included higher logistics costs and costs related to the implementation of enhanced health and safety protocols for our employees. Our GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2020 was 3.6% as compared to 11.7% in the second quarter of 2019. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2020 was 7.4% as compared to 15.7% in the second quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decline in operating margin was driven largely by lower revenue and lower gross margin due to the COVID-19 pandemic. GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were $331 million as compared to $341 million in the second quarter of 2019. Second quarter GAAP operating expenses included approximately $11.8 million associated with our previously announced restructuring programs. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were $284.6 million as compared to $288.2 million in the second quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decrease in non-GAAP operating expenses was driven primarily by strong execution on the cost front and by restructuring and cost-saving measures taken along the way by the company. Second quarter free cash flow was $81.2 million and operating cash flow was $154.5 million. Capital expenditures during the second quarter were $73.3 million which equates to a capital intensity of 6%. Given the current macroeconomic environment, we're directing most of the capital expenditures towards enabling our 300-millimeter capabilities at the East Fishkill fab. We expect total capital expenditures for 2020 to be approximately $400 million. We exited the second quarter of 2020 with cash and cash equivalents of $2.06 billion as compared to $1.982 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2020. At this time, with cash balances of approximately $2 billion, we're very comfortable with our liquidity position. At the end of the second quarter, days of inventory on hand were 140 days, up by nine days as compared to 131 days in the first quarter of 2020. The increase in days of inventory was driven primarily by our expectations of recovery in demand in the second half of the current year. In addition, we want to ensure that we have significant inventory on hand to support our customers in case of any supply disruption. In the second quarter, distribution inventory decreased marginally in terms of weeks of inventory. Now let me provide you with an update on performance of our business units starting with the Power Solutions Group or PSG. Revenue for PSG in the second quarter was $618 million, revenue for Advanced Solutions Group for the second quarter was $427 million and revenue for our Intelligent Sensing Group was $168 million. Now I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thanks, Bernard. I will start with structural changes we are making to drive margin expansion and then I will provide an update on current business environment. To drive gross margin expansion, we have accelerated the pace of our manufacturing footprint optimization. We announced a plan to explore potential sale of our 6-inch fab in Niigata, Japan. Production from the Niigata, Japan fab is expected to be transitioned to other fabs in our network. This announcement comes on the heels of our announcement in February regarding our plan to transition production from our 6-inch automotive-centric fab in Belgium. With manufacturing optimization plans we've announced thus far, we expect to see significant improvement in our manufacturing cost structure and gross margin. Our 300-millimeter manufacturing capability in the East Fishkill fab has afforded us significant flexibility which has enabled us to optimize our network. During the second quarter, we started our first 300-millimeter wafer production at the East Fishkill fab. We are currently sampling our 300-millimeter products to customers, and we expect to recognize our first 300-millimeter revenue in the third quarter. As we've noted in our earlier calls, we are very pleased with our accelerated progress in ramping our 300-millimeter manufacturing processes. The yields have been spectacular and we expect to see a meaningful positive impact on our gross margins as our 300-millimeter manufacturing ramps up in the coming years. We've made substantial progress in key initiatives for driving gross margin expansion. We have launched new products and built a robust design win pipeline in automotive, industrial and cloud power end markets to drive richer mix. We continue to optimize our portfolio to ensure healthy margins for the company. We've accelerated the optimization of our manufacturing network. In addition, we will continue to work on expanding our gross margin through operational improvements within our network. As our revenue recovers driven by global macroeconomic recovery and the ramp-up of design wins, we expect to see strong operating leverage and robust gross margin expansion. Let me now comment on the current business environment. We are beginning to see moderate recovery in the business environment. The improvement is broad-based with improving order activity across most end markets. Unlike in the second quarter, we have not seen any meaningful pushout or cancellation of orders. Based on current outlook, we expect to see improving business trends through the rest of the year. Improvement in our business is driven not only by improving global macroeconomic environment but also by our accelerating design wins in automotive, industrial and cloud power end markets. Our customers are restarting their factories and are engaging with our teams on ongoing projects. Our factories are resuming normal operation, and at this time we don't expect to see any meaningful supply constraints in the current quarter and beyond. From a geographic perspective, we're seeing recovery in demand from Americas and Europe as economic activity has improved in these regions, and we're very encouraged by improving PMI numbers from both Europe and the US. We are beginning to see signs of recovery in automotive demand from Europe and the US while demand from China and Asia remains healthy. Despite the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to make progress towards our strategic and financial goals. Key secular mega-trends and long-term drivers of our business remain intact. We're seeing accelerating momentum in key strategic initiatives for electric vehicles, robotics, factory and warehouse automation, cloud power and ADAS. Customers are increasingly relying on us to provide enabling technologies in power, analog and sensors, and they value the differentiation in technology and quality our products offer. Now I'll provide details of the progress in our various end markets for the second quarter of 2020. Revenue for the automotive market in the second quarter was $327 million and represented 27% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter automotive revenue declined 26% year-over-year. Year-over-year decline in automotive market was driven primarily by the closure of automotive production factories in various parts of the world due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Although the COVID-19 pandemic caused a temporary slowdown in our automotive revenue, key secular drivers powering our business have remained intact. Our content in the fastest growing automotive applications continues to grow at a healthy pace. Based on our design win pipeline, indications from customers and revenue trends, we believe that we are gaining significant share in the most attractive segments of the automotive semiconductor market. We're beginning to see recovery in the automotive market in the US and Europe. Conversations with customers indicate that we should see ongoing recovery in the third and in the fourth quarter of the current year. We are seeing strong momentum for our silicon carbide and silicon products for electric vehicles. We recently won a very significant design with one of the leading global automotive OEMs for our silicon carbide power module for traction inverters for electric vehicles. We expect to start seeing revenue from this win a year from now. Based on our current engagement with various automotive OEMs, we expect to win multiple designs in the near to mid-term. With a broad portfolio of silicon and silicon carbide products and industry-leading module capabilities, we believe that we are uniquely positioned to be a strong leader in power semiconductor market for electric vehicles. We expect to see strong revenue growth in our IGBT modules for EV traction inverters as our design wins ramp in China this year. In ADAS, we continue to win designs for our CMOS image sensors with leading global OEMs. Our competitive position in automotive CMOS image sensors remain solid and our customers value our technology leadership and breadth of product offerings in this market. We are seeing strong customer interest in our recently introduced backside illumination image sensors for automotive applications. We are making strong progress in LIDAR and we expect to commence commercial shipments of our LIDAR products in mid to late 2021. During the second quarter, we also secured major design wins for surround vision applications. We expect to begin seeing revenue from these wins in mid-2021. Our ability to integrate our automotive sensor products with our analog and power products, coupled with our deep automotive systems expertise has provided us with a very formidable competitive advantage. Customers continue to place very high value on our ability to provide complete solutions for various automotive sensor applications. Revenue in the third quarter of 2020 for the automotive end market is expected to be up strongly quarter-over-quarter as we expect to see worldwide recovery in automotive production. The industrial end market which includes military, aerospace and medical contributed revenue of $348 million in the second quarter. The industrial end market represented 29% of our revenue in the second quarter. Year-over-year, our second quarter industrial revenue declined 3%. This decline was driven by a reduction in global industry activity and supply constraints due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We're seeing strong traction for our silicon carbide products in industrial power applications with an expanding base of customers. Recently, we announced a win with Delta for our silicon carbide power modules for solar inverter applications. Demand for industrial automation continues to grow at a rapid pace. We've secured major design wins for our image sensors for industrial applications, and we expect revenue from these wins to be recognized in late 2020. We continue to secure design wins for our large-format sensors in diverse industrial applications. We're engaged with leading global players on many warehouse, automation and robotic delivery products. We expect that e-commerce customers will be a key driver of our growth of industrial revenue in a year's timeframe. As is the case in the automotive market, we leverage our broad company-wide portfolio and customer relationship to secure design wins for our sensor products in the industrial market. We continue to make strong progress in industrial IoT space and are on track to launch our first industrial IoT connectivity product incorporating Wi-Fi technology from our Quantenna acquisition within a year. Revenue in the third quarter of 2020 for the industrial end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. Geopolitical issues related to a specific customer have adversely impacted our third quarter industrial revenue. We don't expect any further meaningful decline in revenue from this customer beyond the third quarter. The communications end market which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $255 million in the quarter and represented 21% of our revenue during the second quarter. Second quarter communications revenue increased by 3% year-over-year. We saw strong year-over-year growth in our 5G business in the second quarter. On the smartphone front, we continue to increase our content in most popular platforms. Revenue in the third quarter of 2020 for the communications end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. Our third quarter communications revenue has been impacted by delayed launches of certain platforms and geopolitical issues related to a specific customer. We don't expect any further meaningful decline in revenue from this customer beyond the third quarter. The computing end market contributed revenue of $158 million in the second quarter. The computing end market represented 13% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter computing revenue increased by 14% year-over-year due to strength in both server and client businesses. Revenue in the third quarter of 2020 for the computing end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. We expect growth in both server and client parts of the computing business. The consumer end market contributed revenue of $126 million in the second quarter. The consumer end market represented 10% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter consumer revenue declined by 22% year-over-year. The year-over-year decline was due to broad-based weakness in consumer electronics market due to COVID-19 pandemic and our selective participation in this market. Revenue for the third quarter of 2020 for the consumer end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. In summary, gross margin expansion is a key strategic priority for the company. We have accelerated the pace of our manufacturing footprint optimization with the goal to drive significant gross margin expansion. Ramp of our 300-millimeter manufacturing processes at East Fishkill fab should further help in gross margin expansion. In the near-term, the expected decline in COVID-19-related expenses and impact of cost realignment measures should help expand margins. We've seen moderate improvement in business conditions to-date and we expect that this improvement should continue in the near-term. We're seeing broad-based recovery across most end markets and geographies. Key secular mega-trends and long-term drivers of our business remain intact and we are excited about our medium to long-term prospects. We're seeing accelerating momentum in our key strategic initiatives for electric vehicles, robotics, factory and warehouse automation, cloud power and ADAS. As COVID-19-related impact subsides, we expect to see meaningful improvement in revenue growth and margin expansion. Now I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue will be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.33 billion in the third quarter of 2020. Our third quarter revenue has been impacted moderately by geopolitical issues related to a particular customer. At this time, near to mid-term expectations related to this customer have been de-risked to a large extent and we don't expect to see any further meaningful decline in revenue from this customer beyond the third quarter. For third quarter of 2020, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin between 32% to 34%. Our third quarter gross margin outlook includes COVID-19-related costs of approximately $11 million. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $307 million to $327 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which are expected to be $30 million to $34 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $277 million to $293 million in the third quarter. We anticipate third quarter of 2020 GAAP net other income and expense including interest expense will be an expense of $42 million to $45 million which includes a non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense including interest expense will be an expense of $33 million to $35 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in the third quarter of 2020 is expected to be $17 million to $22 million. For 2020, we expect cash paid for taxes to be in the range of $54 million to $60 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $80 million to $90 million in the third quarter of 2020. We're currently targeting an overwhelming proportion of our CapEx for enabling our 300-millimeter capability at an accelerated pace. For 2020, we expect total capital expenditures of approximately $400 million. We also expect share-based compensation of $17 million to $19 million in the third quarter of 2020, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in the cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted shares for the third quarter of 2020 is expected to be 460 million shares based on our current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the third quarter of 2020 is expected to be 411 million shares based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K respectively. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And Jay, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. First question I had is on the gross margin line. It's good to see no negative surprises on that for the first time in a couple quarters. So I just wanted to look at, in the near-term, how you expect those COVID-related charges to trend. You still have a bit in the third quarter. Do they go away in the fourth quarter? And then much more importantly, longer-term, with the Belgium fab and the Niigata fab potentially being sold or shut down, how do we think about the long-term gross margin potential? When do those benefits come in? What's your new target, etcetera?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Ross. Let me first address the – the COVID-related expenses is a little bit difficult to predict exactly when those are going to go away. As we said, a lot of those are related to freight expenses which are at a premium right now as well as safety protocols that we have put in place. Obviously, it will be a function of how the COVID pandemic progresses over time, and we expect those gradually to come down, but we are projecting that those will continue during the third quarter. We have typically assessed the savings associated with a 6-inch fab to be in the $25 million to $30 million of fixed costs that go away per year. The timing of the savings is really a function of business dynamics, and we don't have a perfect timeline from the time we conclude a sale. It will still take us probably about 1 to 1.5 years until we get full savings, but that depends on really when we get these deals concluded. Long-term, we still are aspiring and still are targeting to achieve our long-term goal of 43% that we enumerated in our 2019 Analyst Day, albeit probably a little bit delayed with the fact that 2019 and 2020 were obviously not very good years from a top line point of view.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thanks for the color. And then my follow-up, I just wanted to hit on the revenue side. In the last couple quarters, you talked about supply disruptions, and I think everybody understands that. But they were, in the first quarter, a bit over $100 million; I think it was about the same in the second quarter is what you originally said. So did you have those supply disruptions impacting revenue in the second quarter? And then potentially more importantly, if you don't have any in the third quarter, are those revenues just gone? Or like so many of your peers, are you actually expecting to catch up on some of the formerly delinquent shipping?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So we did continue to have supply constraints or pandemic-induced supply constraints in the second quarter that was reflected in the total numbers. They are much less in the third quarter and we're hopeful that there will be none before the end of the year. But at this stage, again, everything is still unknown if there's flare-ups or changes around the world; there's still risk.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Chris Danely of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, guys. First question is you managed to do a really good job keeping the OpEx down in Q2, and you're – you've given us some good guidance for Q3. How about longer-term trends in OpEx with some of these restructuring plans? What can we expect for the next, I guess, several quarters?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, indeed, we did take some significant actions that helped us over-achieve our second quarter and third quarter guidance. In the long run, we're still targeting to achieve the 21% of OpEx as we have enumerated in our Analyst Day. However, we have to be aware that at some point of time, depending on business conditions, some of the temporary actions as well as some of the variable comp will come back and will cause a temporary blip that will be gradually leveraged through as we increase revenues.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then for my follow-up, any commentary or color on the Koch Industries' investment? Why did you adopt the shareholder rights program? And do you expect them to be a passive or active shareholder?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: They have indicated publicly their passive intent as a shareholder and had no further communication.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Chris Caso of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. I wonder if you can comment on the linearity of bookings through the quarter, and it sounds like you're expecting some improvements as you go through the end of the year. If you could elaborate on that a little bit more. Thank you.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. We had good linear pickup through the entire second quarter and we continue to see good activity here in the third. So at this stage, we don't know when they stop ramping. But so far, it's been quite strong since the middle of the second quarter.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And what about with regard to Q4 seasonality? And I guess given all the ups and downs we've had this year, I'm not sure that that normal seasonality generally applies. But any thoughts on how we should be thinking about the quarter in light of all what's going on right now?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. In our comments, we mentioned we expected conditions to continue to improve. We really only give guidance one quarter at a time, but we see no reason to believe there should be any retraction of the current trends.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Raji Gill from Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you for taking my questions. Congrats to the accelerated transition to 300-millimeter; I think that's very good progress. If you could remind us the cost savings, the potential cost savings as you transition to 300-millimeter. I believe that 12-inch facility has a revenue capacity of about $2.2 billion or about 40% of your revenue. So I'm just wondering if you can maybe outline what are the cost savings – what would the cost savings be once you ultimately transition to 300-millimeter? And given kind of the accelerated timeline you've had, and you're starting to see revenue from a 300-millimeter customer in the third quarter, should we expect the transition to happen a little bit sooner than later? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So the first question on the long-term benefit of East Fishkill, definitely a 300-millimeter fab gives us a sizable good improvement in gross margin, somewhere in that 20% to 25% of total finished goods cost. Now obviously, that is when you have a fully-loaded fab. In the interim period, we are paying a foundry cost, so the savings that we get are simply a function of the price that we're getting. We do and are very excited about loading the fab. As Keith mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're seeing wonderful yields as we're running it through, and we expect to have first revenues in the third quarter. However, meaningful revenues will come in the years to come. Now having said that, even the foundry costs that we're getting from them is quite attractive.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And as for my follow-up, we're starting to see a recovery in automotive, particularly in US and Europe. Wondering if you could discuss kind of what's your view on global auto production ending this year? And are there any thoughts in terms of what the rebound could look like in 2021?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. I guess we don't have any firm opinions on 2021 yet. But I would expect that if you don't have the shutdowns that we had in 2020, there's a very significant improvement year-on-year for next year. We're looking at something in the minus 20% in automotive sales decline year-on-year in 2020. Time will tell, but all of our customers are telling us they're pretty much back to full capacity sometime during the third quarter of this year.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: All right. Very good. Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Yeah. Hi, guys. Just a couple of questions, one on the automotive side. I think you mentioned LIDAR will be shipping in 2021. Just wondering what your expectations are there second half. And also, on the EV silicon carbide, now that it's ramping, are you still trying to do internal silicon carbide wafers or would this be mostly all external? And how do you see that ramp into next year given it looks like multiple catalysts or subsidies on the EV side going forward? Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. Yes. Automotive LIDAR would be in the launches for vehicle OEMs in the second half of next year with the new launches they've got after the summer, and we do expect to see a significant contribution. On the EV side, with silicon carbide, our intent is to have both internal and external supply on an ongoing basis. This year and next year, it should be mostly external supplies and then as you transition to 2022 a larger percent of internal supply.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Got it. And I think you mentioned one customer delay with geopolitical tensions. Is that the same customer that's impacting you on the industrial and the comms side? That's it. Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. It's a very large customer in China that is a broad-based customer and it impacted several of the segments.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi, guys. Some questions about Niigata, I guess. What is the revenue contribution there? And then how are you guys looking at the odds of successfully selling that facility? Thank you.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So we actually are expecting to have success there. We've seen good progress with interest in our Belgium factory. And so these assets still have interest in the marketplace and we're expecting to have good results. Percentage of revenue, I'm not sure I have that number.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: While we probably don't have a precise number. It is a relatively small facility compared to the total footprint. As I mentioned earlier, the savings that we'll get that from that facility is around $30 million per year.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Understood. For the remainder of your capacity, you still have quite a bit of extra there. Have you considered serving new products, some sort of fab filler product or something like that in fact growing out of your footprint organically? Or have you even considered the foundry model? I know you're doing that on a temp basis at Fishkill. I wonder if you could also give us an update on those temporary foundry customers that you have. Have they actually decided to continue with you as well? But, yeah, how you can fill that extra capacity would be great.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. So I'll try and get at what I think your question is. We do foundry services for many customers that are generally specialty processes that use our analog and sensor capabilities. They're not temporary; they're permanent relationships that we have with those customers. We continue to be excited by servicing them. As far as looking at low-margin products to fill up factories, we're not looking at that. We don't think we need to look at that. We think the demands that we've talked about coming up for their power products, our sensor products will more than meet the needed amount of ramp over the next few years. So the trends in electric vehicles, in factory and automation, etcetera, we've been talking about, we think they're more than sufficient. And then with the closure of two of our wafer fabs, we believe the balance in the medium-term will be quite good.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis of B. Riley FBR. Your line is open.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question and, guys, thanks for all the color on COGS initiatives. I just wanted to follow-up on a few of the fabs questions. Keith, so from your last question, can we deduce that there are no other fabs that the company would sell if we don't have a strong recovery? Or are there some things that you could execute on if we had a lackluster rather than a strong recovery?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. We have no current plans. The outlook that we've got right now, we think the remaining network is appropriate. But as always, we will see what the future holds.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Got it. And then perhaps touching on two end market issues with one question. One, it looks like compute in the third quarter will be back to record highs. Can you give us a sense for how the mix of PC versus server power is evolving therein? And then with auto, I know you don't want to give a specific outlook for calendar 2021. But do you feel with all the design wins you have in your secular growth areas that exiting 2021 that business could be back towards prior record levels? Thanks for the help, guys.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So yes, we're seeing good results there and I think I would give kind of two pieces of color. One, the infrastructure piece for the cloud continues to grow and we see very sharp growth there. We think there was certainly some COVID-related acceleration on the client side. We don't see that diminishing here this year. We think that continues with a lot of the remote learning and remote interactions that are going on, people continuing to upgrade various parts of their appliance systems. So I would say as we enter into the first quarter of next year, we still see a strong compute environment and should expect next year to be as good, if not better from a growth perspective.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: And then on automotive?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Automotive, certainly, we've seen major interruptions as you know in the first part of the year with manufacturing. As I mentioned, our customers are telling us that they are full steam ahead here as they've gone into Q3. And in each of those major customers around the world, their efforts in electric vehicles are accelerating and their efforts from an ADAS perspective are accelerating. So we are expecting to see a return to the above-market growth for our products in automotive next year.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay of Cowen. Your line is open.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you very much. Good morning everybody. Keith, I wanted to follow-up on some of the PC and server power stuff. There's been some fairly big disruptions with one of the big microprocessor suppliers there and their future roadmap. And I just wondered maybe you could step back and tell us how you guys are aligned on the server power side regardless of chip vendor or of OEM or ODM mix and if that might change any of your forward outlook there. Thank you.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: No. We're well-aligned with the various processor options for PCs and servers and very well-aligned with the model changes that they have in their portfolio. So we frankly think that it does change things for them, but from our perspective all of them still need power and we're well-positioned.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Cowen & Co. LLC: All right, great. Thanks for the help there. And just as a follow-up, I guess you're one year on from closing Quantenna now. And if you just kind of step back and look where the design win traction has been and maybe the revenue trends since you closed the deal, just kind of level-set where you were versus your expectation, I think that would be helpful. Thank you very much, guys.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. On the Quantenna, we are not achieving the revenue growth we had hoped. Certainly, the market events have had an impact on that. We are quite excited about the progress we're making with our new combination products for the appliance market, and the teams there on the engineering side trying to drive a low-power combination product for that market are making great progress. So what we're seeing out there is good excitement for the future designs but less revenue than we had hoped for originally.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Within the Intelligent Sensing Group, we tend to focus on the automotive piece which is the largest segment growing at a double-digit CAGR. But it looks like the industrial and edge applications are seeing strong adoption – robotics, machine vision, smart retail. So excluding some of the legacy businesses, do you guys still see a double-digit growth CAGR in industrial and edge over the next few years? And what's the current mix of industrial and edge within ISG?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So we do see a lot of strong growth coming. It's been offset by our pulling back from some of the very low-margin consumer-like security business, security cameras for homes, etcetera. So that's masked some of the great growth, but we're seeing the adoption there in the industrial area, in the automation area and in the robotics area actually pretty exciting. So we are expecting double-digit growth for all of those portions of the market and of course in automotive to continue. So after seeing the COVID impact this year plus some retraction from some of the security business, I would expect to see that double digits returning in 2021.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks for the insights there. And then on the cloud power, obviously benefiting from the strong cloud server spending trends, but especially in servers you guys are seeing a strong pickup in dollar content. I think it's been about like a 15% CAGR on dollar content over the past four years on the server platforms. You've got Sapphire Rapids from Intel ramping next year. I think you guys are anticipating about 25% dollar content step-up on the upgrade. Is that still how you kind of see dollar content improvements on a go-forward basis?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. We're seeing it go from about $60 to $75 next year is our expectation, growth per server.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Keith, I'm just kind of curious. You talked about the impact of the geopolitical in Q3. Can you quantify it? And in your prepared comments, you said that you think it's now been fully de-risked. Is that customer effectively now zero? And are you concerned that to-date the US has just been targeting a single entity in China? What are the risks if that broadens out?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. We are very concerned about some of the increasing tensions on global trade. Very much believe that global trade is essential for technology and the growth of semiconductors. So clearly, would not like to see further there. We don't comment on specific customers, but the answer is no. It's not zero our revenue expectations from China or those customers. But the pieces that look likely to be impacted we think have all been impacted at this stage.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful. And then Keith, as you guys ramp the 300-millimeter Fishkill facility, I'd be curious as to what end markets we should think about that fab supporting. And you've been a long-standing member of the SIA. I'd be curious to get your view of the CHIPS Act. Post the sale of the fab in Japan and in Belgium, what percent of your capacity is going to be US-based and how might that help you in the future if the CHIPS Act is passed especially around tax rate?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. Two separate questions there. On the 300-millimeter, the market's there. We're ramping up initially power products, so all of the server and automotive and industrial applications that we talk about growing are going to be filling that up with power products, and then that will be followed afterwards with more and more sensor and analog products. The CHIPS Act we think is an important part of balancing out the supply chain. For ON Semiconductor, we actually have several facilities already here in the US. And with the addition of East Fishkill, the vast majority of our wafers will be coming out of the United States.
John W. Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of David O'Connor of Exane BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
David O'Connor - Exane BNP Paribas: Great. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Maybe one or two follow-ups from some previous answers. Keith, you spoke about improved order activity in most end markets and geographies. Which are the end markets that are still impacted or still seeing pockets of weakness? And also in orders, the long lead time orders, has visibility there improved too or is it more just the short lead term (sic) [time] (00:51:20) orders? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. I'll start in reverse order. From the lead time orders and impact we're seeing there, clearly customers are using those lead times to place their orders. So we don't see any increase in long-term orders from a normal pattern; in fact, if anything a little bit less of that and more of the order as our lead times dictate. Relative to where we still see some softness, in general, as I mentioned, the handset business looks like it's going to be re-ramping later this year rather than earlier. And some of the business I mentioned earlier with security and industrial in China is a little bit softer than it was in Q2.
David O'Connor - Exane BNP Paribas: Thanks. That's helpful. And then maybe as my follow-up. It sounds like you're accelerating traction on silicon carbide with some of the inverter wins that you mentioned. When you look at your overall design wins on silicon carbide, what's the phasing of those wins when we look out over the next maybe three years, starting in 2021? Is the bulk of those wins ramping in 2022 or is it more spread out over the next three years? Thank you.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So yeah. We have ramps every year and the accelerate, I would say significant acceleration in 2022. But we're actually starting to ramp here at the end of this year, through all of next year, but I'd say the biggest impact is 2022.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra of Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Longer-term structural question on gross margin. I understand the low utilization rates and the COVID-related charges. But your gross margin earlier this year came down below the 2011-2012 which I think was around 32% at the time and yet your revenue base was about one-third lower than it is now. So is that mostly attributed to ramping capacity in 2018 or are there mix or pricing effects as well? And also, what was the pricing decline year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter in the just-reported quarter?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So we attribute the impact mostly due to COVID and due to the underutilization that's driven by as a result of that. Long-term, we still are aiming and we are confident that we can achieve that long-term goal of 43%. We don't see any pricing issues as we go through. Pricing has been pretty healthy. I think that's it.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then any update that we should get on your acquisition strategy? Is that something that is basically going to remain unchanged with what we've seen in the past decade or is there any changes as a result of the environment and the manufacturing shift that's ongoing right now at the company?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So no change in basic philosophy. When the time is right and the opportunities are right, we certainly will be an interested party. But at this stage, there's no activity.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy of Rosenblatt Securities. Your line is open.
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Rosenblatt Securities: Thanks for taking my question. When you announced the acquisition of the East Fishkill fab, you had said it was about $300 million in investments you're going to make into the fab. Out of the $400 million in your CapEx for this year, how much of that is going towards the $300 million for East Fishkill?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It is a significant portion of it that we are devoting and that should really give us the ability to ramp-up in a faster and more meaningful way.
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Rosenblatt Securities: Okay. Great. And in the Niigata fab, what process nodes were being run there?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Those were mostly analog nodes for various mixed-signal products, and the markets for that were everything from automotive to consumer.
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Rosenblatt Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you. Congratulations on the progress.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley, Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for fitting in everybody. In the interest of time, I'll pose both my questions. I'm curious to know how the potential divestiture or sale of the Niigata fab might impact any relationship that you have with some Japan-based automotive OEMs. And Bernard, you mentioned that distributor inventory was down a little quarter-over-quarter. Remind us of how far you need to go before you're back into your long-term range goal, and would you expect that distributor inventory to decrease again in the third quarter?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. So I'll take that question before – so we are at the high end of our guide, so we're not really outside of our bounds. We also build the inventory in anticipation of a recovery, so that should help us to serve customers in the third and fourth quarter.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. And on the relationships, clearly value our customers and we're going to make sure that the transitions there do not impact them. We have a much larger 8-inch facility in Aizu, Japan. And so what we intend to do is use that for those customers in Japan that need that continuity of local supply.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nik Todorov of Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nikolay Todorov - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Thanks, guys. I wonder – I think last quarter, you announced a $50 million cost saving program. I just wonder how much of that has gone through and how much is left to go.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Well, we did accelerate and did that. So our guidance for the third quarter shows that we are continuing to be at the low point that we achieved in the second quarter. So for the most part, it's done.
Nikolay Todorov - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Great. And a follow-up quickly. I think the gross margin – the free cash flow generation was much stronger than expected. I wonder if you have any thoughts on how should we think about 2020 outlook for free cash flow, and then any thoughts on resuming the buyback.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So at this stage, on a prudent way, we'll still keep the share buyback program on hold. We're still prudent on that front. That will be for later on. The free cash flow, we talked about our CapEx being $80 million to $90 million for the third quarter and $400 million for the year, and the rest should come directly from the P&L. Don't expect any other significant disruptions in the free cash flow, so it should be mainly a result of the P&L minus the CapEx of $80 million to $90 million in the third quarter and $400 million for the year.
Nikolay Todorov - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya - BofA Securities, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. I think, Keith, you mentioned that automotive customers will be at full production rates in Q3. I just wanted to make sure if I heard that properly. Or the real question behind that is how far below do you think your auto customers are below their prior peaks of production, and how does that compare to your automotive sales versus the prior peak?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. So my comment there is that during the third quarter, they should all reach full production. They weren't all full production from day one, so that's going to vary a bit by end customer. But like I said, they're all bullish of getting back to what they consider full production during the third quarter.
Vivek Arya - BofA Securities, Inc.: But if they are at full production, then why are your automotive revenues still 15%, 20% below your prior peaks?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: I'll try again. So they aren't full production for the entire quarter; they're achieving full production rates during the quarter. So they're still ramping I guess is the simple way to interpret that.
Vivek Arya - BofA Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thanks. And as a quick follow-up, if say conceptually your Q4 sales are flattish, should we assume that gross margins also stay flattish or are there other trends that could take them higher or lower?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So I'm not postulating on revenues in Q4, but you should see continued improvement on the gross margin front as the expenses around COVID go down and we continue to get traction in our factories from Q2 levels.
Vivek Arya - BofA Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison of Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Shawn M. Harrison - Loop Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Keith, I want to go back to auto as well but more of – it looks like in the first quarter, ON outperformed production by about 15 points; it was about 20 points in the second quarter. It looks like you picked up $5 to $7 of content per vehicle on average this year. Just maybe you could highlight where you've seen the content increase year-over-year and do you expect – I mean, I know it's typically a high single-digit outperformance in production, but it looks like you'll be well ahead of that down 20% for the year if this content trend continues.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. As I mentioned, the two trends on electrification and the ADAS, the safety side, continue to drive more dollar content for us. And as you pointed out, I think it's showing up in less declines than the marketplace overall as opposed to big gains. So hopefully as the market turns around, you'll see those turn into big gains. But it really is electric power in the EV side and all of the ADAS applications starting to grow that continues to drive those trends.
Shawn M. Harrison - Loop Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. And then Bernard, did you say you would expect internal inventory dollars to decline sequentially in the third quarter or was that just distribution?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We expect distribution down and we expect to remain probably flattish in terms of inventory dollars in the third quarter but down in terms of days.
Shawn M. Harrison - Loop Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Keith, just a question on EVs. Since you do both IGBTs as well silicon carbide, I just want to get a sense of how you're seeing that market develop. And particularly from a silicon carbide adoption, what are some of the signals you're getting from customers that they're moving forward versus that trade-off with IGBTs?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We're still seeing the predominance of the lower-cost vehicles go IGBT and the high-end vehicles going to silicon carbide is the trend that we're seeing, a very definite bifurcation going on there, and that is geography-independent. So we think there will be good growth in both sectors going forward.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just a follow-up to some of the questions that have been asked on the geopolitical issues. Do you have a rough sense so you can quantify roughly for Q3 what the impact is to the guidance? And then do you think there were any pull-forwards ahead of that to Q4 as those issues arose?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So I'll start with the end of that. We're not expecting any additional issues there. We think that the new rule is kind of at a pause for a bit, so I'm not expecting any further impacts or surprises on that number. I don't know that we've got a number we're prepared to handle because it is a specific customer and we don't share that type of information.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: There are no further question at this time. Presenters, you may proceed.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences during the quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-11 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal. You may begin.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Doranda. Good morning, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation’s first quarter 2020 quarterly results conference call. I’m joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast, along with our 2020 first quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call. And the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today’s conference call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels, share count and 2020 fiscal calendar are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors, which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for first quarter of 2020. Our estimates or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors, except as required by law. Given the current restrictions on travel and gatherings due to COVID-19 pandemic, the previously announced Strategic Business Update scheduled for August 18 in New York has been postponed. We will provide you a new date and location for the event as we get further clarity. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of our first quarter 2020 results. Bernard? 
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As is the case with most of our peers, our results for the first quarter of 2020 and outlook for the second quarter have been meaningfully impacted by COVID-19. Although our near-term results have been impacted by the pandemic, we believe that long-term drivers of our business remain intact. We expect to show progress towards our target financial model as global macroeconomic environment recovers and we continue to implement structural changes to drive margin expansion and higher free cash flow. In the face of challenging business conditions, we have taken measures that should strengthen our balance sheet and free cash flow. These steps include the drawdown of approximately $1.17 billion from our revolving line of credit. This step was taken out of abundance of caution to ensure that we have adequate level of liquidity, should the global macroeconomic conditions unexpectedly and sharply deteriorate due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Further, we have taken certain tactical and temporary actions, which should result in cost savings of approximately $50 million throughout the rest of the year. These measures include a reduction in executive salaries and compensation for board members, the suspension of our 401(k) company match program in the US, deferral of merit salary and wage increases and staggered furloughs of certain employees for three weeks during the year. The cost savings of $50 million throughout the rest of 2020 are in addition to those from our $115 million restructuring programs announced earlier. We anticipate that our capital expenditures for 2020 will be largely focused on enabling our 300-millimeter fab in East Fishkill. At this time, we expect capital expenditure of approximately $425 million, in 2020. Furthermore, to preserve our balance sheet strength, we do not intend to buy back our shares until business conditions improve. Now, let me provide you additional details on our first quarter 2020 results. Total revenue for the first quarter of 2020 was $1.278 billion, a decrease of 8% as compared to revenue of $1.387 billion in the first quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decline in revenue was primarily driven by slowdown in macroeconomic activity and supply constraints resulting from COVID - government-related mandated lockdown measures around the world. We drastically curtailed operations at few of our factories to ensure the safety of our employees and to comply with local regulations. GAAP net loss for the first quarter was $0.03 per diluted share as compared to a net income of $0.27 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2019. Non-GAAP net income for first quarter of 2020 was $0.10 per diluted share as compared to $0.43 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2019. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the first quarter of 2020 was 31.5% as compared to 37% in the first quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decline in gross margin was primarily driven by lower revenue and significantly lower level of factory utilization, as mentioned earlier. As required by GAAP, we recorded a period charge of approximately $19 million due to the significant underutilization of our factory network in the first quarter. This charge also includes the impact of a short strike at our Belgium fab. This strike was related to our announced plan to divest the fab. As utilization of our factory network improves with expected improvement in business conditions, potentially, in the second half of the year, we will not be required to take underutilization-related period charges. As a result, we could see a step-function increase in our gross margin. First quarter of 2020 gross margin was further impacted by approximately $3 million of charges as a result of higher logistics and freight costs. Our GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2020 was 1.5% as compared to 12.9% in the first quarter of 2019. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2020 was 6.6% as compared to 15.5% in the first quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decline in operating margin was largely driven by lower revenue and gross margin. GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were $384 million as compared to $334 million in the first quarter of 2019. First quarter GAAP operating expenses include approximately $31 million associated with restructuring programs announced earlier. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were $319 million as compared to $290 (sic) [$299] million in the first quarter of 2019. The year-over-year increase in non-GAAP operating expenses was primarily due to the acquisition of Quantenna. First quarter free cash flow was $34 million, and operating cash flow was $166 million. During the first quarter, we used approximately $65 million to repurchase 3.6 million shares of our common stock. Capital expenditures during the first quarter were $132 million, which equate to a capital intensity of 10.3%. Given our - the current macroeconomic environment, we are directing most of our capital expenditures towards enabling our 300-millimeter East Fishkill - fab at East Fishkill. As indicated earlier, we expect capital expenditures for 2020 to be approximately $425 million. We exited the first quarter of 2020 with cash and cash equivalents of $1.982 billion as compared to $894 million at the end of the fourth quarter of 2019. At this time, with cash balance of approximately $2 billion, we are very comfortable with our liquidity position. At the end of the first quarter, days of inventory on hand were 131 days, up by 8 days as compared to 123 days in the fourth quarter of 2019. The increase in days of inventory was driven primarily by a lower expected revenue. Distribution inventory increased slightly in terms of weeks of inventory due to lower resales. In terms of dollars, distribution inventory declined quarter-over-quarter. Now, let me provide you an update on the performance of our business units, starting with Power Solutions Group, or PSG. Revenue for PSG for the first quarter of 2020 was $624 million. Revenue for the Advanced Solutions Group, previously known as Analog Solutions Group, for the first quarter was $467 million. And revenue for our Intelligent Sensing Group was $187 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. At the outset, I thank all of our employees for their dedication in supporting our first responders and customers in the face of very challenging conditions. Our employees went well beyond what is required of them to ensure supply of critical components for ventilators and other medical equipment. In countries where governments instituted lockdown measures to control the spread of the virus, many of our manufacturing and support teams stayed at the factories to ensure supply of critical components to our customers. Safety of our employees is of paramount importance to us. Consistent with that commitment, we have suspended all non-essential travel. Globally, the teams are working remotely in compliance with local rules and are following strict social distancing guidelines in case they are required to visit a work facility. Our IT organization has done an outstanding job of enabling thousands of our employees to work remotely. We are actively supporting local communities by donating medical supplies and personal protective equipment and matching employee donations. We continue to step up on short notice. When the state of California requested one of our customers for a quick turnaround on ventilators, our supply chain and manufacturing teams responded with extreme urgency to provide critical components immediately. These teams, like many others in ON Semiconductor, exemplify the spirit of collaboration and being a good corporate citizen. Despite the current challenges, key secular megatrends and long-term drivers of our business remain intact. In automotive, we expect the key secular trends, such as ADAS, vehicle electrification and fuel efficiency, will continue along a steep upward trajectory. In industrial, we expect to see acceleration in factory and warehouse automation, robotics, energy efficiency and personal medical devices. In cloud-power, along with growth in data-centric applications, we expect to see increased spending on servers and communications infrastructure as companies put in place a robust infrastructure to enable a remote and distributed workforce. We believe that the global community should be able to overcome the current health crisis in a timely manner. And we expect business activity to improve soon thereafter. While we are taking measures to mitigate the impact of soft business conditions, our long-term goals and strategy remain unchanged. We are aggressively working to enable our 300-millimeter manufacturing capability. Our product development programs and customer engagement on key strategic projects are continuing as planned. We continue to strengthen our leadership in - by investing in the fastest-growing segments of automotive, industrial and cloud-power end markets. We expect that our [ph] contact in these will continue to grow at a healthy pace, despite the current crisis. Along with continued execution on our key strategic initiatives, we are making structural and tactical changes to align our business with current conditions and to drive long-term growth in profitability and free cash flow. Our business realignment programs remain on track. We have taken actions to complete the previously announced restructuring programs. These programs should result in the cost savings of approximately $115 million a year. As announced earlier, we should be able to achieve these savings by the fourth quarter of 2020 on a run rate basis. We believe that, with these actions, the company is well positioned for accelerated progress towards our target model as the global macroeconomic environment recovers from the COVID-19 pandemic. As mentioned during the previous results conference call, we are making strong progress towards ramping production at our 300-millimeter fab at East Fishkill. At this point, we are tracking significantly ahead of schedule, and we now expect to begin initial production in the middle of 2020. The results and yields of initial wafer runs have been spectacular. Based on our experience thus far with the East Fishkill fab, we are even more confident that transition of production to this fab will be a major inflection point for our manufacturing cost structure as we consolidate our front-end network. Let me now comment on the current business environment. On the demand front, it is a mixed picture. Demand from automotive end market has been impacted severely due to the closure of manufacturing plants and extremely challenging global macroeconomic conditions. We expect the automotive weakness to continue till automotive manufacturing plants reopen and global production restarts at least at a moderate pace. We are seeing good strength in a few end markets in the second quarter. Most notably, activity in the industrial end market appears to be strong across most geographies. Server and 5G infrastructure-related demand continues to grow at a healthy pace. Demand from smartphone and consumer end markets continues to be soft due to massive slowdown in global macroeconomic activity. From a geographic perspective, after slowdown early in the first quarter, demand from China has improved meaningfully. Japan is another area of moderate strength. Demand from the US and Europe has significantly softened due to pause in most economic activities because of government-mandated quarantines and other regulatory action, aimed at reducing the spread of COVID-19. Both in the US and Europe, automotive is an area of conspicuous weakness. It appears that customers are preparing for a recovery in the second half and are placing orders to ensure supply. At this time, we are seeing significantly higher order activity for the second half of the year as compared to that in the first half of the year. The orders are broad-based in terms of end markets, geographies and channels. During the first quarter, the COVID-19 pandemic significantly affected our operations and impacted our ability to supply products to many of our customers. These disruptions have continued into the current quarter. And we expect to resolve them by the end of this week. Early in the first quarter, our manufacturing facilities in China were closed for longer than planned for Lunar New Year holidays in compliance with government mandates. Following the extended shutdown, our China factories resumed production and are now running at close to full utilization. Subsequently, in March, our facilities in Malaysia and Philippines, where a sizeable part of our back-end operations are located, were severely impacted due to lockdown mandates by various governments. Our Malaysia and Philippines manufacturing plants ran significantly below capacity for most of March. Underutilization of these facilities continued in April and into May. Most of our facilities worldwide are expected to be running at required level of utilization by the end of this week. Now, I’ll provide details of the progress in our various end markets for the first quarter of 2020. Revenue for the automotive market in the first quarter was $439 million and represented 34% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter automotive revenue declined 6% year-over-year. The year-over-year decline in automotive market was primarily driven by closure of automotive production factories in various parts of the world and supply constraints driven by reduced level of operations at our partners’ manufacturing facilities. We saw weakness in China automotive and industrial markets earlier in the first quarter, but business activity has since picked up as factories have reopened in China. Currently, we are seeing significant weakness in the US and European automotive markets due to closure of automotive factories. Based on comments by major automakers, it appears that many European factories are now gradually restarting. In the US, automakers are planning to reopen factories starting in the latter half of May. Based on third-party reports, we expect global light vehicle production units to decline by approximately 20% to 25% year-over-year in 2020. Despite a massive decline in light vehicle production units, we expect semiconductor content in automotive applications to continue to increase at a healthy pace. Key secular megatrends driving increased semiconductor content in automotive applications, such as vehicle electrification, ADAS, fuel efficiency and LED lighting, remain intact. And we are well positioned through our technology leadership and customer relationships to capitalize on these trends. During the first quarter, we secured a major design win for ADAS image sensors with a Japanese OEM. This OEM is one of the largest automakers in the world. This win underscores our global leadership in ADAS image sensors and highlights customer confidence in our technology in a high safety critical application. Our momentum for Silicon Carbide and silicon power products for electric vehicles continues to increase at a rapid pace. With a solid product portfolio of Silicon Carbide devices and modules, we are seeing a strong growth in revenue from electric vehicles. At the same time, the breadth and depth of our engagement with leading participants in the electric vehicle ecosystem is expanding very significantly. We expect to see strong revenue growth in our IGBT modules for EV traction inverters as our design wins ramp in China this year. Extension of subsidies for electric vehicles in China till 2022 is likely to be a significant boost for our Silicon Carbide and IGBT business in China. Our power products continue to grow in many automotive applications. Electrification of various vehicle systems to conserve energy and to improve performance is a key driver of increasing content of power devices in vehicles. During the first quarter, we also secured a major design win for our mid-voltage MOSFETs for 48-volt systems. Revenue in the second quarter of 2020 for the automotive end market is expected to be down steeply quarter-over-quarter due to closure of most US and European automotive factories for a significant part of the quarter. The Industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace and medical, contributed revenue of $315 million in the first quarter. The industrial end market represented 25% of our revenue in the first quarter. Year-over-year, our first quarter industrial revenue declined 12%. This decline was driven by a swift and sharp decline in global industrial activity and supply constraints due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite challenging macroeconomic conditions, we continue to make progress towards our key strategic initiatives. In industrial power segment, momentum for our Silicon Carbide and silicon devices remained robust. We are seeing strong customer interest for our Silicon Carbide devices for fast-charging stations for electric vehicles. During the first quarter, we secured an important design win for our high-voltage super-junction MOSFETs for electric vehicle charging stations. On the medical front, our teams are working very hard to support the medical community in the fight against COVID-19. The entire organization is focused on supporting increased demand for components for critical medical equipment such as ventilators, infusion pumps, patient monitoring systems, cardiac assist systems and medical imaging equipment. Our engagement with e-commerce customers is growing at a rapid pace, and we expect e-commerce related applications will be a strong driver of our industrial image sensor business. We believe that growth in our e-commerce related business will be driven by increasing e-commerce volumes, increasing warehouse automation and adoption of delivery robots. Through our early engagement with industry leaders in e-commerce, we have built a strong design win pipeline for our CMOS image sensors for warehouse automation and delivery robots. Revenue in the second quarter of 2020 for the industrial end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter, driven by strong recovery in the demand from all regions. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $254 million in the first quarter and represented 20% of our revenue during the first quarter. First quarter communications revenue declined 1% year-over-year. The decline was primarily due to weakness in our smartphone-related business. We saw solid year-over-year growth in our infrastructure business, driven largely by 5G. We further solidified our position in the 5G infrastructure market by winning new designs for medium-voltage MOSFETs. Revenue in the second quarter of 2020 for the communications end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to softness in the smartphone market. We expect our 5G infrastructure to grow at a robust pace quarter-over-quarter in the second quarter. The computing end market contributed revenue of $136 million in the first quarter. The computing end market represented 11% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter computing revenue declined 7% year-over-year, primarily due to our selective participation in the client-related business. Our server business grew at a very impressive rate year-over-year. We experienced better-than-expected results in our server business as corporations rushed to augment their IT infrastructure to support a remote workforce. Our power management products for server processors and IGBTs for uninterruptable power supplies were key drivers of strength in our server business. Revenue in the second quarter of 2020 for the computing end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. We expect growth in both server and client parts of our computing business. The consumer end market contributed revenue of $134 million in the first quarter. The consumer end market represented 10% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter consumer revenue declined by 17% year-over-year, and the year-over-year decline was due to broad-based weakness in consumer electronics market due to the COVID-19 pandemic and our selective participation in this market. Revenue in the second quarter of 2020 for the consumer end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. In summary, COVID-19 has had a sizable impact on both demand for our products and our ability to supply. We expect that, during the second quarter, by the end of this week, our supply capabilities will improve significantly. Based on order patterns, it appears that our customers are planning for a recovery in the second half of the year, and we are encouraged by gradual resumption of global - activity globally. Despite current challenges due to COVID-19 pandemic, our long-term goals and strategy remains unchanged. We have taken previously announced restructuring actions to optimize our investments and cost structure, and we are well positioned to make accelerated progress towards our target model as the global macroeconomic environment recovers. We continue to work aggressively to enable our 300-millimeter fab in East Fishkill, and we remain on track to start our 300-millimeter production by the middle of this year. Despite the current macroeconomic disruptions, key secular megatrends driving our business remain intact, and we are upbeat about our medium- to long-term prospects. We are focused on the fastest growing end markets of the semiconductor industry. And with our design wins, we expect that our content in automotive, industrial and cloud-power applications will continue to grow. Now, I’d like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Before I get into the details, let me highlight the key drivers of the guidance for the second quarter. Our guidance for the second quarter is based on the assumption that the global macroeconomic environment will not further deteriorate due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We will likely continue to face operational and logistical challenges due to government mandates. Also, this is a period of extreme uncertainty and volatility, and future results of our business will not only depend on the course of the pandemic, but also on government actions and the pace of recovery in global macroeconomic activity. Therefore, our ability to forecast our business performance is limited. And the range of our guidance for various financial metrics for the second quarter is wider than what we have provided historically. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate the total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.26 billion in the second quarter of 2020. As noted earlier, we will likely continue to face operational and logistical challenges due to government mandates in the second quarter. For the second quarter of 2020, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin between 29% and 31%. Lower revenue in the second quarter as compared to that of the first quarter is the primary driver of the quarter-over-quarter decline in gross margin for the second quarter. We expect to record marginally lower period underutilization charge in the second quarter as compared to that of the first quarter. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $340 million to $360 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which are expected to be between $43 million and $47 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $297 million to $313 million in the second quarter. We anticipate second quarter of 2020 GAAP net other income and expenses including interest expense will be in the $42 million to $45 million which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expenses including interest expense will be $33 million to $35 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in the second quarter of 2020 is expected to be $10 million to $13 million. For 2020, we expect cash paid for taxes to be in the range of $50 million to $60 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $80 million to $100 million in the second quarter of 2020. We are currently targeting an overwhelming proportion of our CapEx for enabling our 300-millimeter fab at an accelerated pace. For 2020, we expect total capital expenditures of approximately $425 million. We also expect share-based compensation of $19 million to $21 million in the second quarter of 2020, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial results. Our GAAP diluted share count for the second quarter of 2020 is expected to be 413 million shares based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, respectively. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Doranda, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess, first, on the revenue side of things, can I get a little more color on what you’re seeing in the near-term bookings and how you’re guiding versus that? Because, I guess, the impression I have from your script is more of that you’re not seeing as much strength as some of your peers in the very near term but you’re more confident in the back half of the year. And it seems like a bit of a dichotomy where they’re guiding well below currently strong bookings for fear that the macro economy is actually going to weaken further, where your guidance seems to take the opposite tact.
Keith Jackson: Yeah, interesting comparison. I think the two things that impact that, one, when we’re talking about the revenue strength, the impact that we have in the Philippines and Malaysia is perhaps more significant than much of our competition. And so, you’re hearing us talk about supply constraints in the near term. On the demand side, the automotive piece is very significant for us, but it is picking back up for Q3. And so, again, I don’t have any specific comparatives other than to say that what we’ve seen is more demand than we can service in the second quarter. And the rate of that pace is going up significantly in the third quarter. But we think we’ll be able to have all of the supply constraints behind us.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for that. And then, I guess, my second question would be on the gross margin side of things. It continues to be a source of headwind. I think, directionally, everybody understands why. But the magnitude is bigger than I even thought. So, I guess, kind of, two points on that. Weren’t there a number of one-time issues that hit you in the fourth quarter and first quarter that should have been a bit of a tailwind in the second quarter? And then, as we think about that second half trajectory on gross margin, are there some structural changes that are going to kick in? Or what’s the stair step you’re talking about? Is it just utilization popping up?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Ross. So, you’re correct, we did have some one-time items that affected us in Q4. And basically, those have been resolved. We don’t see those anymore, same with the OSA that will go away in Q2. Definitely, as Keith mentioned earlier, we were substantially affected by the abnormally low utilization for the periods in which we had lockdowns in our factories and that caused us to get - to book the abnormal one-time $19 million hit to our gross margin, which we expect will continue maybe a little bit marginally lower, but will continue throughout Q2. Once that goes away, we’re back to eliminating that and gross margin should step up nicely if, obviously, the markets continue behaving. And our fall-through should be pretty nice as we go back to doing that. So, it is primarily the fact that we have had the significant hit to our operations to the supply constraints.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Christopher Brett Danely: Hey. Thanks, guys. Just to follow up on Ross’ question. So, if the revenue levels don’t get back to 2019 levels for quite some time, what’s the plan to drive to the gross margin target, especially considering the manufacturing capacity you have right now?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, we have already announced the intended sale of our Belgium fab, and we will continue doing that fab. And if things continue getting worse, there will be other actions that would be along the same line. We continue to focus on cash and we also - not that much on the gross margin but across the spectrum, we took some temporary actions to shore up our numbers. We had announced the $115 million previously of permanent restructuring actions. And then, we announced this time another $50 million of various tactical actions that will shore up the cash. If conditions continue worsening, we’ll be ready to take more actions.
Christopher Brett Danely: Thanks, Bernard. And then, as my follow-up, just to go along with the restructuring actions, can you give us a sense of how these things are supposed to trend in terms of OpEx versus cost of goods for the rest of this year? And then, will there still be some savings next year? Or will you realize all the savings by the end of this year?
Bernard Gutmann: For the $115 million that we announced earlier, we expect to achieve the [ph] exiting diversity in Q4. It is primarily OpEx driven. There is a little bit - a small piece of it that goes to comps, but most of it is OpEx driven. The $50 million of temporary actions is by nature of being temporary is just between now and the end of the year is about close to $50 million. Heavier focused on OpEx, but there is still a good participation of COGS that will help us.
Christopher Brett Danely: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. Just a question on the supply disruptions and you talked about that was pretty severe in the second quarter. What’s - one, what’s the status of that - I’m sorry, as you go into the second quarter, what’s the status of those supply disruptions? What’s the percentage of your capacity that’s back online? And then, naturally, when you have those supply disruptions, there’s some incentive on the part of customers to layer in some orders they might not necessarily need. What’s your visibility on that? I know it’s always something difficult to judge. But how are you, I guess, judging down the orders that you have to avoid the potential of double ordering?
Keith Jackson: Yeah. So, the supply disruptions have improved as we got into May. They were still quite severe in April, and we don’t expect to be at full capacity until the end of this week. So, a very sizable part of the second quarter has already been impacted. Relative to the demand things, I will just tell you that the orders we have make sense based on the end market data that we’re getting. We don’t see anything that’s abnormal relative to what’s going on in the end market. So, the areas that are weak are weak in our backlog and the areas that have picked up primarily due to China coming back online are the ones that have picked up.
Chris Caso: Okay. Thank you. As a follow-up, with regard to CapEx - and I understand there’s some elevated CapEx right now because of what you’re doing with the Fishkill facility. Can you talk about how long that continues? At what point is the spending on Fishkill over? And then, once that’s the case, what’s a more normalized level of CapEx spending that we should expect when Fishkill is over and presumably as we go into 2021?
Bernard Gutmann: So, basically, we have said, once we made the acquisition of this Fishkill that our long-term goal is 6% to 7% on CapEx. We will be moving towards that target as time goes by. I’m not sure it will be exactly at the beginning of 2021, but we’ll be moving towards that as we go in time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raji Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rajvindra Gill: Yes. Thank you. A question on the - this comment about the gross margin stepping up significantly in the third quarter. How are you stepping up? Wanted to kind of discuss that in a little bit more detail, obviously, the underutilization charges will go away. But what else would drive that step-up function? Are you expecting a better mix shift in the third quarter, if auto comes back online? Any other details in terms of what you think will be the drivers for the step-up in margins in the back half of the year?
Bernard Gutmann: So, as Keith mentioned earlier, we are seeing better demands for the back half. So, we expect the help from incremental revenue and the fall-through should be pretty nice. We also should be seeing mix as our markets that drive better gross margin should be coming back up particularly [ph] on holding.
Rajvindra Gill: And in terms of the end markets, you had mentioned that Europe and the US are starting to bring back manufacturing online. This is based on the commentary from those companies that you cited. In terms of tangible evidence, from your perspective, on the automotive side, how would you characterize the orders in automotive as we go into kind of - if you look at the third quarter? And then, also, have there been any delays of more advanced ADAS programs because of the drop in demand? Any thoughts there in terms of the current ADAS programs or the EV programs that are on track?
Keith Jackson: Yeah. We saw a very steep decline in demand from automotive, as we got through the first quarter and into the first part of the second quarter. That free fall, if you will, has levelled off and is no longer declining. So, that’s certainly a good sign. And then, we have specific requests from our large OEMS, letting us know that they are expecting to have more demand in the second half. And we need to be ready. From demand on things like ADAS and electrification, those continued quite on track. And what we’re seeing is that some companies are using this dislocation in the market to kind of reposition themselves upscale with both their electric vehicles and their ADAS content. So, we’re actually seeing potentially an accelerator in those two parts of automotive, as it recovers.
Rajvindra Gill: And just last question on the smartphone side. You mentioned the drop in smartphones going to be offset partially by 5G infrastructure. There’s been an indication that smartphones are recovering in China. I just wanted to get your thoughts on your - maybe your dollar content opportunity in smartphones, any view there in terms of how we think about the second half.
Keith Jackson: So, dollar content is around $9 for smartphone. We have indeed seen a pickup in China, but only with the China brands at this stage. But we are expecting to see global brands launching new models in the second half. So, our expectation is that the second half will be much better for smartphones than the first half.
Rajvindra Gill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open. [ph] Checking to see if you’re on mute, sir.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh: Hi. Sorry about that. I know you guys mentioned some long lead orders that came in for the second half. Just wondering if it’s slanted disproportionately due to automotive or industrial or how you’re seeing that.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. It’s very broad in the second half. Demand there is looking good. We just mentioned smartphones look like they’re going to be up. Automotive is up from a very low number so it’s - I don’t want to get too excited. But the industrial piece continues to build. And our server and cloud business continues to show great strength.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh: Got it. And on the 5G side, I think you mentioned it’s growing sequentially into the second quarter. Is that infrastructure [ph] or base station growth coming from China? Or is it - or do you see a second half pickup in the US, Europe, et cetera? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: So, China is certainly the strongest pickup there. But we really never saw much of a decline outside of China. So, it continues to be healthy.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna International. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hi, guys. I know we might be a ways away from M&A, but it’s been a focus of yours in the past. And you guys have previously talked about doing something more strategic or higher gross margin. But given the underutilizations and growing footprint that you guys have, have you shifted at all towards a belief that you need more volume across your infrastructure? And maybe if you can talk about any other levers you can pull there in terms of underutilization. You’ve talked about reducing your older footprint. But how about bringing more external internal, for example? Is that [indiscernible]? Thanks
Keith Jackson: So, I guess, two questions on that. From an M&A perspective, we’re not sure this is a prudent time. And so, really nothing new to report there. And as far as utilizing the network, we clearly are looking at bringing more manufacturing inside. Those are actions that are underway and should help us in the second half of this year.
Christopher Rolland: Got it. And then, on to Fishkill, that was some nice commentary you guys had around ramping yields there. I guess, since things are ramping a little bit better than expected, how does this compare to your original expectation? Are there any changes to the model positively? And then, secondly, what’s going to be your strategy since yields are so good in terms of bringing bulk volume from other fabs? Are you going to bring them immediately and leave those other fabs somewhat empty? Or is it going to be more of a controlled process in which you’re doing it one fab at a time? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So, a couple of commentary, one, the products we’re putting into EFK first are the power products supporting most of our automotive and cloud-power type applications. And so, the good news is those volumes continue to grow. And so, we feel pretty good about that. We have intended to ramp that and not empty other factories, and we continue to think that we’ll be able to keep our factories full while ramping EFK. And from on track or ahead of schedule perspective, it’s roughly looking like we’re about six months in advance somewhere we thought we would be and we work with customers that are specifically growing power content with us to qualify those factories and start running here in a matter of weeks.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Your line is open.
Craig Ellis: Yeah. Thanks for that. And I’ll just ask a follow-up to the last question. So, if you’re getting good engagement with customers on East Fishkill, Keith, what would you expect the percent of ON’s production to be out of that facility exiting this year? And if you have another six quarters under the belt exiting calendar 2021, what’s the percent of total sales that could come out of East Fishkill with its lower cost footprint than what you have elsewhere?
Keith Jackson: So, I don’t actually have prepared quarter-by-quarter breakdown for you, Craig. We talked about having the ability to do about $2 billion of revenue from the factory. That won’t happen in 2020 or even 2021. But by the time we get to 2023, we should be able to do that.
Craig Ellis: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, auto obviously has been a big focus on this call as it has many others, given the impact to units this year. As we look at auto, I think we’re probably in the second quarter going to be tracking about $120-ish million below prior highs. How much of that volume can be made up with increased content over the next year or two, Keith? And how much of what had been automotive volumes in the factory network will need to be absorbed by things like cloud power or other growth initiatives or areas where you’ve got secular content in? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. So, the - I mentioned before the things we’re watching carefully are the electric vehicle ramps in China. They put back incentives to focus there. The content, as you know, is several hundred dollars higher in electric vehicle. And so, the simple answer is, if they really ramp mostly electric as we go forward in China, there’s a substantial opportunity to overcome any unit losses. And then, ADAS, similar kinds of situation there. They’re becoming - consumers are more safety conscious. And so, we’re seeing the contents there go up $20, $30 a car at a time. And so, I think the question will be, as we come out of this downturn, what the strategy is going to be? And right now, at least, we’re looking at more electric vehicles and more focus on safety. So, we think most of that, if not all of that, will be offset as we exit this year.
Craig Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thanks very much. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to come back to the gross margin side, Bernard. And I’m sorry you were cutting out when you were answering the question, at least for me. I wanted to understand the bridge between Q1 and Q2. So, how much of the costs would go away? How much of it is one-time in nature? And then, kind of, related to the recovery part is you talked about fall-through and you’re also talking about a step-function increase and then there’s a third factor coming in which is your 300-millimeter fab. So, what’s the right way to think about fall-through as margins recover as a result of revenues coming back? That would be helpful. So, A, just kind of help us bridge the gap; and, B, how should we think about fall-through? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: So, the fall - the bridge for Q1 to Q2 is pretty straightforward. It’s mostly the decremental fall-through of 50% on the revenue going from $1.278 billion to $1.180 billion at the midpoint. The one-off period charges that we saw in Q1 will continue in Q2. Keith mentioned the fact that we had during the month of April continued shelter-in-place mandates, government mandates in most of our locations. And then, we expect to be getting close to being out of that by the end of this week. So, it has had a significant effect in this quarter, which is going to be similar in nature - maybe a tad bit less, but similar in nature to what we had in Q1. That’s the one that when we go into Q3, assuming that there is - that the - all these supplier issues, i.e. the mandates from the government have - would have been eliminated, that approximately $20 million goes away completely as we go into Q3. And then, we have the normal fall-through on whatever revenue comes through. That’s the high level...
Ambrish Srivastava: And how does fall-through change because 300-millimeter should be helping you? And this is not a question for this year. Obviously, you’re just starting to ramp it. But steady state, how should 300-millimeter have a positive impact for margins?
Bernard Gutmann: We definitely see that the unit costs of - for [indiscernible] will be better [ph] in this year. Obviously, it will be depending on the speed of the qualification from our customers and - as we go into that and it’s more a longer-term 2021, 2022 timeframe [indiscernible] expect any significant direct impact in 2020 as it relates to gross margin. And we’re also relying a lot on what we’re seeing others have done as they go into 300-millimeter and we expect that we’ll have something similar in nature.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Thank you. And my quick follow-up, Keith, sorry, on your comment about Q-over-Q increase for the second quarter, I was a little bit surprised about industrials, especially given the macro backdrop. Is that primarily related to China recovery or sell in? Just - can you please expand on that, please? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. China is certainly the biggest driver of the increase there. As you remember, in the end of last year, it had been severely curtailed in China. It was very, very weak. And so, that has been recovering. We also have the medical business in that industrial category, and they’ve certainly seen an uptick globally. And so, those are kind of the big ones there.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Your line is open.
Matthew Ramsay: Yes. Thank you very much. Good morning. I just wanted to follow up, Keith, on a couple of other questions that folks asked about assumptions for manufacturing at East Fishkill. Just assuming, given what’s going on in the macro, that revenue levels for the industry and the whole company will be maybe lower exiting when you take - coming into the point where you take over full ownership of the facility, are you guys basically kind of saying that, through different optimizations of the rest of your factory network and a little bit more insourcing, that the overall volume and dollar content of what you might put through Fishkill at the point that you take over ownership, we should just assume it’s roughly what it was when you signed the agreement? Or are there any sort of big picture changes to those assumptions that we should think about, given all that’s going on? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Well, the way we look at things is kind of twofold. One, the amount of power that we’ve got as a percentage of the company, we expect to continue to expand for all the reasons we’ve been explaining. And so, when we take over in 2023, we would certainly expect that power piece of the business to have grown substantially. We don’t think COVID is with us forever. And then, secondly, from a factory perspective, I mean, we did do an expansion, frankly, because our outlook for the growth in electric vehicles and the growth in the 5G infrastructure and the cloud-power was going to be such that specific set of technology nodes would need to have expansion. So, really nothing has changed on that perspective from the 2023 look, but certainly has had a major interruption here in 2020.
Matthew Ramsay: Got it. That’s clear and helpful. Just wanted to follow up, obviously, on - Bernard, on the OpEx side. There’s some actions you guys have laid out. Anything in particular to call out in R&D that might be changes to different programs that we should pay attention to? Or is it no real change to what you guys announced last quarter and just some, obviously, additional belt tightening, given what’s going on globally? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: So, no additional from what we announced last quarter. We did - we aligned some of our investments to make sure we are targeting the highest growth markets and the ones we think about. But most of these additional actions we built are more tactical in nature and therefore don’t change our view of R&D.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. In the interest of time, I’ll post both of my question now. I know, in the past, you were planning on becoming more vertically integrated in power devices with some Silicon Carbide materials. I wonder if that’s still in the cards for you guys. And, Bernard, could you give us some, I guess, benchmark on what the OpEx run rate can be as we exit the year? Is $290 million in that fourth quarter the right number to think about?
Keith Jackson: Okay. On the continued vertical integration, we continue to be on track there, and we will have a network, as I mentioned before, of internal supply and external supply for the wafering as we do with silicon today. And so, we’ll continue to invest in that and are making good progress.
Bernard Gutmann: And on the OpEx question, we do intend to continue reducing our OpEx in absolute dollars throughout the year from our current levels and from our Q2 midpoint of $305 million. So, the - with the actions - the temporary impairment actions that we’re talking about, $290 million seems to be an appropriate number.
Gary Mobley: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. The operational and logistic challenges in Southeast Asia are certainly impacting your lead times. [ph] I seem to recall that normalized lead times for the team is around 8 to 12 weeks, but you guys seem to have very good order visibility for Q3 and second half. So, it does look like lead times are higher. Can you guys just give us a sense on where the average lead times are today? Just wanted to see how much order and backlog visibility you guys actually have for the second half.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. So, it’s around 14 weeks. But what you see from an order pattern perspective is our industrial and automotive customers and even the cellphone customers, our handset customers will give us a much longer look and actually much longer orders, particularly as they see they’re planning on ramping in the second half. So, a piece of it is lead times and a piece of it is just the nature of the customers we serve.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights there, Keith. And then, on the lower underutilization charges this quarter, just given the better second half order book, manufacturing lead times, are you guys actually starting to [ph] take up wafer starts in your fab now? Or do you have enough [indiscernible] supply and just hope to supply the better demand initially from an improvement in the back-end operations?
Keith Jackson: Yeah. Most of the increase - I mean, all of the increase has really been in the dye supply - for our inventories have been the dye supply here in the first quarter and as we go into the second quarter because we were back-end constrained. So, we really haven’t had to ramp the front-end jet because we’re still playing in a constrained back-end environment. As we get to Q3 with higher revenues, then we can start to look at that.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask in the call. Keith, I’m just hoping that you could quantify what you think the supply impact was from COVID in the March quarter and what’s embedded in the June guide. I’m just trying to get a sense that if you weren’t having these issues in Malaysia and the Philippines how much higher do you think revenue could have been in March and how much higher do you think it could be in June.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. I guess, I will try and get as quantified - as viable as I can. We would have made our original guidance in the first quarter had we not had the supply disruptions. And you can figure out that’s a pretty significant number. And actually, in the second quarter, the supply constraints have at least as big of impact, if not slightly more, because it is for a much longer period of time in the second quarter than we had in the first.
John Pitzer: That’s really helpful. Thanks, Keith. And then, I want to go back to your comments about content growth in autos helping kind of take some of the sting out of units being down 20% to 25% this year. I guess, when you look back at calendar year 2019, your business contracted about as much as [ph] SAARS did. And I understand that 2019 within the auto space was also an inventory digestion period. But I got to believe, with units being down this much, that it’s more likely that the supply chain continues to take inventory down in calendar year 2020. So, why are you more optimistic about content growth this year than last? Are there company-specific drivers that you can touch to? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: Twofold. One, we really do think that inventory situation is in better control this year. The orders came down on us quite dramatically in automotive during the first quarter and into the second quarter. So, we believe they’re being very prudent. But they are now getting to levels of inventory that I think that actually concern our customers a bit. They don’t want to go lower than that from a supply perspective. And there are still certainly some memories out there of 2010 from a lot of them. So, I guess, the first order would be we don’t expect more inventory contractions this year. Second piece is, looking at the electric vehicle content and particularly in China, we do think that, that mix will go up much nicer than it was in 2019, very significant increase there. And so, that piece of it, as we mentioned earlier, opens up a couple of hundred dollars or more of content per car. And if you have an increase in EVs in China of a couple of percent, it would certainly offset a weakness of the SAAR that’s been projected.
John Pitzer: Helpful. Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, guys. Good morning. Just a quick follow-up question to John’s question, so what type of point-of-sale is built into your Q2 guidance, given the supply disruptions that you’ve mentioned? And is it - should we assume that inventory level [indiscernible] are going to come down in Q2 and potentially rebound in Q3 as a result of your supply coming back in the second half?
Bernard Gutmann: So, we are assuming an increase in our POS on a sequential basis. We expect that, on a week basis, we’ll be trending back down to the 11 to 13 weeks that we have in our normal operations [ph] growth.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. And then, any quick update on Quantenna in terms of new product development? And any type of potential savings that you’re doing there?
Keith Jackson: We continue to make good progress on our client devices that we talked about at the time of acquisition and, obviously, no revenue here in 2020. We’re not expecting those devices [indiscernible] next year. But the balance of the business has held up quite well. In these environments, folks are still doing the infrastructure investment similar to 2019.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Shawn Harrison: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Keith, I was hoping to [indiscernible] point on the automotive content. I think you outperformed production by maybe 17 points in the first quarter. In the past couple of years, you’ve seen, I don’t know, anywhere from 5 points of outperformance to 10 points of outperformance. Do you think second quarter [ph] maybe you more production and then you start to see that type of potentially high-single digit, double-digit outperformance versus production for 2020?
Keith Jackson: Yeah. Again, we’re expecting in the third quarter, as things begin to ramp again, you’ll see more of the leverage. And then, as I mentioned several times, particularly, as the mix shifts more electric, you should see an acceleration of that delta.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. But the second quarter would more maybe mirror global production instead of outperforming?
Keith Jackson: Yes. Well, I’m not looking for any outperformance in the quarter. Again, everybody is shut down and - yes, I would not expect to outperform this quarter.
Shawn Harrison: Great. And then, Bernard, just the incremental $90 million of cost [indiscernible] the first $25 million was more focused then on R&D. I think you were implying that the majority of this $90 million is SG&A related versus incremental R&D. I just wanted a clarification on that, please.
Bernard Gutmann: No, the remaining $90 million is spread across the whole [ph] OpEx P&L geographies, including R&D but also all the other sales and marketing, G&A and a little bit of COGS.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. Maybe relatively equal?
Bernard Gutmann: Probably as a percent, yes.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to, for the first one, nail down gross margin. So, if - Bernard, let’s say, Q3 sales are flat versus Q2. What’s the gross margin? And if let’s say sales grow 10%, what’s the gross margin assuming some seasonal mix?
Bernard Gutmann: So, definitely, on the - if the revenues are flat, I would still expect the approximately $20 million of period expenses going away. That should be the primary improvement in gross margin and assuming no change in revenue or mix. And if we have a 10%, you pretty much have to take about a 50% fall-through on that incremental 10%.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then, I was wondering. Did you talk about the [ph] - the resale activity in June? What are your expectations? And just kind of what we should think of your balance sheet inventory and distribution inventory exiting June? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: So, let me start with internal inventories. We expect those to be flattish to slightly higher. To Keith’s comment about depending on how strong we see the third quarter, we might have to restart some of the fabs at a higher level [indiscernible] more dye. On the [ph] days of the inventory, as I mentioned earlier, we expect to trend back down to that 11 to 13 weeks due to stronger resale sequentially than in the first quarter.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Just a question on automotive and understanding the quarterly trends could be noisy, but in the full year in the context of if auto production is down 20% to 25%, what would you expect to be kind of a rough growth for ON in 2020?
Bernard Gutmann: So, we expect that the unit - the content growth will be just like we have talked for a long time in that 7% to 8%. So, we can see that whatever the unit [ph] is they’re offset by a 7% to 8% content growth [ph] offset.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks. And then, just to follow up on the 300-millimeter, really, in the context of consolidating other fabs, can you just talk about maybe a rough time line of how that plays out over the next couple of years?
Keith Jackson: So, we’ve announced the divestiture of one of our factories now, closure of a second one there in Rochester, New York [ph] have both been announced those will be actioned sometime in the next year. And that we have no further ones to announce today. But clearly, the demand picture in 2021 will give us some more direction on timing.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of [ph] Nick Perdovas with Long Beach Research . Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I just want to go back to the industrial comments and specifically the strength in China. I was wondering if you can give us some more color. I think you mentioned indications of increased automation and robotics. Do you see the current pandemic kind of essentially putting the [ph] seeds due to a secular change in that industry and to your point seeing that increase in automation, if you can comment? To what level of the demand in China and industrial is coming back to compared to pre-COVID levels?
Keith Jackson: Yeah. So, first, I’ll talk about trends. We do see this pandemic as accelerating people’s thoughts and investment in automation. And so, we are seeing that industrial automation piece pick up quite nicely. And we think that, that will be a continued trend because, again, just from a rational business perspective, the biggest impact we’ve had is on the people sort of the more automation we have, the less expectation for further disruption. But broadly beyond just that secular trend, we do see a pick back up. And the factories closed in the first quarter in China. The orders completely stopped. And what we’re seeing now is just a return to a more normal environment that we had pre-Chinese New Year, so not excessively greater than we had pre-Chinese New Year, but very similar to that.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Sydney. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2019 Quarterly Results Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the "Investor Relations" section of our Web site, at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast, along with our 2019 fourth quarter earnings release, will be available on our Web site approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels, share count, and 2020 fiscal calendar are also posted on our Web site. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our Web site in the "Investor Relations" section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words "believe," "estimate," "project," "anticipate," "intend," "may," "expect," "will," "plan," "should," or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs, and other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for fourth quarter of 2019. Our estimates, or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other factors, except as required by law. On August 18, 2020, we will host an event for investment community in New York City to provide a strategic update on our business. At this event, we will update the investment community on our business, strategy, and markets. In addition, we will provide information on our manufacturing consolidation plans and economics of our 300mm manufacturing strategy. We will send invitations for the event shortly. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of our fourth quarter 2019 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Following stabilization in the third quarter, we have seen improving business trends in the fourth quarter. Order trends continued to improve throughout the quarter. We believe that in addition to normalization of the supply chain, improving demand across most end-markets is driving improved order rates. Based on our order rates and conversations with customers, we believe that the pace of recovery is moderate rather than a sharp upturn in demand. Macroeconomic data from most major economies is increasingly favorable, and industrial activity is showing signs of modest improvement. At the same time, we are cognizant of the potential risks arising from the emerging coronavirus crisis, and we are diligently monitoring this rapidly evolving situation. Our traction in our key strategic markets continues to accelerate, and our design-win pipeline continues to grow at a rapid pace. Our content in fastest growing segments of automotive, industrial, and cloud-power markets continues to increase. Our customers are adopting our solutions for automotive, industrial, and cloud-power market at an accelerated rate. We believe that a highly diversified customer base, growing content in fastest growing applications in the semiconductor market, and long life cycle of many of our products should enable us to continue to outperform most of our peers. To accelerate our progress towards our gross margin target, we have begun to make structural changes to our manufacturing footprint. This morning, we announced that we are exploring the sale of our six-inch fab in Belgium. We will provide updates on financial impact of these actions as we firm up our production transition plans. Keith will further expand on our plans for the Belgium fab later during this call. Along with making structural changes to improve our gross margin, we are streamlining our investments in various markets. Towards this end, we took limited restructuring actions in the first quarter to reduce our operating expenses by approximately $25 million per year. We should begin to see nominal impact of this action in the second quarter of 2020, and full impact should be apparent by the fourth quarter of 2020. Now, let me provide you additional details on our fourth quarter 2019 results. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2019 was $1.402 million, a decrease of 7% as compared to revenue of $1.503 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decline in revenue was primarily driven by well-publicized macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which have affected the overall semiconductor industry. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $0.14 per diluted share as compared to a net income of $0.39 in the fourth quarter of 2018. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of 2019 was $0.30 per diluted share as compared to $0.53 in the fourth quarter of 2018. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the fourth quarter of 2019 was 34.6% as compared to 37.9% in the fourth quarter of 2018. Fourth quarter gross margin was lower than our expectation due to the combination of certain transitory mix and operational issues. We had an unexpectedly high demand for a low-margin product line in our consumer segment during the fourth quarter. We expect this strong demand to continue in the first quarter as well. We intend to either discontinue this product line or significantly raise prices after the first quarter. On the operations front, we had certain facilities related and scrap issues. We expect these issues will be resolved by the end of the first quarter of 2020. In the near-term, we expect to see headwinds from fixed costs to our gross margins. As you are aware, we expanded our manufacturing capacity in 2018 and 2019. However, revenue has lagged our expectation due to well-understood macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. Therefore, with addition of manufacturing capacity and lack of revenue growth, we are now facing underutilization charges and higher depreciation expenses. With expected revenue growth in 2020, we should be able to offset the impact from underutilization and depreciation. We expect higher than 50% incremental gross margin for 2020 starting in the second quarter of the year. Our GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2019 was 9.9%, as compared to 14.8% in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2019 was 12.3% as compared to 16.8% in fourth quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decline in operating margin was largely driven by lower gross margin.  GAAP operating expenses in the fourth quarter were $347 million, flat as compared to those for the fourth quarter of 2018. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $314 million, as compared to $317 million for the fourth quarter of 2018. Recall that our 2019 operating expenses included more than two quarter of expenses from our acquisition of Quantenna Communications. The year-over-year decline in fourth quarter operating expenses was driven by aggressive expense control and zero bonus accrual. Fourth quarter free cash flow was negative $21 million and operating free cash flow was $92 million. The fourth quarter free cash flow and operating free cash flow were negatively impacted by one-time payment of approximately $175 million to Power Integrations for previously disclosed settlement of intellectual property litigation. Capital expenditures during the fourth quarter were $112 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 8%. Going forward, we anticipate that a sizeable part of our CapEx will be spent on enabling our 300mm East Fishkill fab. We exited the fourth quarter of 2019 with cash and cash equivalents of $894 million as compared to $929 million at the end of the third quarter 2019. At the end of the fourth quarter, days of inventory on hand were 123 days, down by five days as compared to 128 days in the third quarter of 2019. Distribution inventory increased slightly but is within our comfort zone. The increase was driven by specific customer programs. Now, let me provide you an update on performance of our business units, starting with Power Solutions Group, or PSG. Revenue for PSG for the fourth quarter was $696 million. Revenue for Advanced Solutions Group, previously known as Analog Solutions Group, for the fourth quarter was $507 million, and revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group was $199 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. I will start by reviewing our progress in 2019, and then touch on our objectives for 2020. Despite the macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges faced by the semiconductor industry in 2019, our execution was solid, and we expect to outperform most of our peers in the analog and power semiconductor group. Our performance in 2019 clearly demonstrates the transforming nature of our business, and strength of our business model, and execution discipline. Our exposure to secular megatrends in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power end-markets has enabled us to outgrow most of our peers. Despite macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds, key secular megatrends driving our business remain intact. Our content in the fastest growing applications in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power power applications continues to grow, and we continue to strengthen our leadership in key markets such as ADAS, power management for servers and 5G infrastructure, and high-power solutions for electric vehicles. We announced our plan to acquire our first 300mm fab, and we expect to start production of our power products at this facility soon. Also in 2019, we closed our acquisition of Quantenna Communications, and we are making solid progress toward launching connectivity solutions for Industrial IoT applications. While we are pleased with our performance in 2019, we understand the need to take aggressive, substantial, and immediate measures to accelerate our progress towards our margin targets. As Bernard indicated earlier, we announced this morning that we are exploring sale of our six-inch fab in Belgium. We are looking for partners that are willing to enter into an arrangement on mutually beneficial terms that enable smooth and orderly transition for both parties. Our fab in Belgium is an attractive manufacturing asset with robust tool-set and highly skilled workforce. It is automotive qualified, and its close proximity to world's leading automotive innovation and manufacturing hub is a very compelling attribute. We believe that our 300mm East Fishkill fab affords us significant flexibility in optimizing our front-end footprint, and we will continue to work to improve efficiency of our manufacturing network. Recall that in our third quarter 2019 earnings conference call we announced that we had initiated the process of closing down our six-inch fab in Rochester, New York. We are making strong progress towards ramping production at our 300mm fab in East Fishkill. At this point, we are tracking significantly ahead of schedule, and now we expect to begin initial production in middle of 2020, as compared to our previous expectation to begin in latter half of 2020. The results and yields of initial wafer runs have been spectacular. Based on our experience thus far with the East Fishkill fab, we are even more confident that transition of production to this fab will be a major inflection point for our manufacturing cost structure as we consolidate our front end-network. We will provide further details on the financial impact of our 300mm fab transition at our Strategic Business Update on August 18th in New York. In addition to making structural changes to our operational cost structure, we have taken measures to optimize our operating expenses. As previously discussed, we took limited restructuring actions to streamline our investments in certain markets, and these actions are expected to result in annual savings of approximately $25 million. A reduction of approximately $25 million per year should accelerate our progress towards our target operating expense intensity of 21%. Let me now comment on the current business environment. We saw moderate improvement in our order rates in the fourth quarter and improvement has continued thus far in the current quarter. We believe that this improvement is driven by improving macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, and normalization of supply chain inventories. Macroeconomic data from most geographies suggests improving GDP outlook and modest improvement in manufacturing activity. Data from China pointing towards relatively resilient manufacturing activity has been especially encouraging. Based on publicly available data and inputs from our partners, we believe that the current inventory levels are in-line with our near term demand outlook. While we are encouraged by near term trends, we are fully aware of risks emerging from ongoing coronavirus crisis, and we are diligently monitoring this rapidly evolving situation. Despite the gyrations in macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, we remain focused on our key strategic markets. At the same time, we are taking substantial measures to make structural changes to our manufacturing footprint with the goal of expanding our margins and 8 further improving our industry leading cost structure. We believe that automotive, industrial, and cloud-power will be fastest growing semiconductor end-markets for next five years. With highly differentiated portfolio of power, analog, sensor, and connectivity products, we are well positioned to outgrow the semiconductor industry as we grow our content in the fastest growing applications in our strategic markets. Furthermore, with improving operational efficiency, we expect to meaningfully expand our margins and grow our free cash flow. Now I'll provide details of the progress in our various end-markets for fourth quarter of 2019. Revenue for the automotive market in the fourth quarter was $462 million and represented 33% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter automotive revenue declined 3% year-over-year. Although our automotive revenue declined year over year, we continue to see improving trends in the market with ongoing recovery in China. Our momentum in ADAS and vehicle electrification continues to accelerate. During the fourth quarter of 2019, we secured design wins for key platforms for ADAS and incabin viewing applications. Our design funnel for ADAS continues to expand at a robust pace. As we noted in our previous earnings call, we have won 16 of the 17 two-megapixel and eight-megapixel platforms awarded in 2019 for level-2 and level-3 vehicles. Our LiDAR and radar products are gaining strong traction, and our design funnel for these products continues to expand at a rapid pace. We believe that we are enabling democratization of LiDAR with a solid-state solution, which is a fraction of cost of other existing solutions. Our low cost advantage is enabled by a CMOS based architecture as opposed to that based on exotic materials. Based on our design win pipeline, we expect to have leading share with top five global LiDAR module makers. In addition, customer feedback on our radar solutions has been very positive, and we have emerged as a key contender for upcoming round of design wins. Based on our engagement with leading radar Tier 1 integrators, we expect to gain a very meaningful share in this market as next round of designs are announced. On vehicle electrification front, our engagement for Silicon Carbide modules with major global automakers continues to grow. We are seeing strong ramp of our IGBT modules for drivetrain of electric vehicles in Asia and in Europe, and based on our design wins and backlog, we expect continuing acceleration in this ramp during 2020 and beyond. We are beginning to see ramp in analog power management for ADAS processors. We are engaged with all leading processor providers for automotive ecosystem, and expect strong revenue contribution from this product line. We expect to see strong growth in our analog power management solutions for instrument clusters, in-vehicle networking, and advanced lighting. Revenue in the first quarter of 2020 for the automotive end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The Industrial end-market, which includes military, aerospace, and medical, contributed revenue of $344 million in the fourth quarter. The Industrial end-market represented 25% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Year-over-year, our fourth quarter industrial revenue declined 12%. While macroeconomic data points to moderately improving manufacturing activity, we haven't seen significant improvement in order activity from our industrial customers. It appears that industrial customers are still in process of realigning their inventories. Despite soft end-market conditions, key secular trends driving our business remain intact. We are seeing strong traction for our Silicon Carbide modules, and we have commenced shipments of these modules to leading global industrial OEMs. An emerging area of growth for our industrial business is e-commerce. We have built a strong design win pipeline for our CMOS image sensors for warehouse automation and delivery robots. We are engaged with the leading e-commerce retailers on many programs, and we expect strong contribution from this segment of the industrial market. 10 Revenue in the first quarter of 2020 for the industrial end-market is expected to be flat to down slightly quarter-over-quarter. The Communications end-market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $289 million in the fourth quarter. The communications end-market represented 21% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter communications revenue declined 3% year-over-year. The decline was primarily due to weakness in our smartphone related business. On quarter over quarter basis, we saw strong growth in our smartphone business in the fourth quarter, but 5G related business was weak as customers continue to realign their inventories. Revenue in the first quarter of 2020 for the communications end-market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. The Computing end-market contributed revenue of $153 million in the fourth quarter. The computing end-market represented 11% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter computing revenue declined 8% year-over-year. We continue to see strong momentum in our server related computing business. On sequential basis, we saw growth in our client computing business driven by improved supply of Intel processors. Revenue in the first quarter of 2020 for the computing end-market is expected to be down slightly quarter-over-quarter. We expect that strength in our server business should help mitigate the impact of normal seasonality. The Consumer end-market contributed revenue of $153 million in the fourth quarter. The consumer end-market represented 11% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter consumer revenue declined by 10% year-over-year. The year-over-year decline was due to continuing broad-based weakness in consumer electronics. 11 On quarter-over-quarter basis, revenue for consumer end-market was flat as compared to our expectation of a decline due to previously discussed unexpected demand for a low margin product line. Revenue in the first quarter of 2020 for the consumer end-market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. In summary, we are taking substantial actions to make structural changes to our cost model with the goal of accelerating our progress towards our target financial model. At the same time, we have accelerated the timeline for production ramp at our 300mm fab, as we now anticipate that initial production will start in the middle of 2020, as opposed to our prior expectation of second half of the year. Secular megatrends driving our business remain intact, and we are upbeat about our medium to long-term prospects. We are focused on the fastest growing end-markets of semiconductor industry, and with our design wins, we expect that our content in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power applications will continue to grow. Our performance in 2019 clearly demonstrates the transforming nature of our business, strength of our business model, and execution discipline. Now, I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Our guidance for the first quarter of 2020 does not include the impact from potential supplychain disruption resulting from prevailing coronavirus crises. As we indicated earlier, we are diligently monitoring the situation, but at this time, we don't have enough information on potential impact on our business from this rapidly evolving crisis. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in range of $1,355 million to $1,405 million in first quarter of 2020. For first quarter of 2020, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin between 33.7% to 34.7%. The quarter-over-quarter decline in first quarter gross margin is driven primarily by annual contract pricing reset. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $357 million to $377 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be $30 million to $34 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $327 million to $343 million in the first quarter. The anticipated quarter-over-quarter increase in GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses is primarily driven by acceleration of process transfer activity at our 300mm fab, resumption of variable compensation accrual for 2020, and end of tactical expense control measures in fourth quarter of 2019. We anticipate first quarter of 2020 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $38 million to $41 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $29 million to $31 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in first quarter of 2020 is expected to be $14 million to $18 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $125 million to $145 million in first quarter of 2020. We are currently targeting an overwhelming proportion our CapEx for enabling our 300mm fab at an accelerated pace. We expect our CapEx intensity to subside in the latter half of the current year. We also expect share based compensation of $19 million to $21 million in first quarter of 2020, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share count for first quarter of 2020 is expected to be 418 million shares and our non-GAAP diluted share count is expected to be 413 million shares, based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, respectively. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Sydney, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask my question. It's good to see the revenue side turning the corner, and I think that's an important step, but the gross margin side is a big concern for a lot of investors. So, Bernard or Keith, talk a little bit about the greater than 50% incremental fall through going forward, any sort of scale on that? Revenues look like they should be up second quarter year-over-year. Will gross margins take a big step up, and when will some of these fixes really start to be shown on the gross margin side as you work your way towards that four handle target that you have?
Bernard Gutmann: So, a couple of comments. Thank you, Ross. We do expect greater than 50% fall through as revenue resume normal seasonality patterns in the second quarter as we mentioned in the call. We also have certain one-off transitionary items that affected us mix wise and factory-wise that we expect to subside by the end of the first quarter, and that will also allow us to grow at better than 50% fall through in the second quarter. Also, let me remind you that we have about probably 30 to 40 basis points improvement starting in the second quarter due to the elimination of the low margin OSA contract. So -- and as we mentioned, we are exploring the sale of our six-inch facility in Belgium, which eventually will also result in some very nice tailwinds for our gross margin. We are quite confident about our secular drivers for growth on the top line in automotive, industrial, and 5G. So, we expect to see some pretty good resumption of our growth, and furthermore we do feel very good about how the qualification is going at the 300 millimeter fab, which will also be a tailwind as we move further into 2020 and 2021.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for all those details, and I guess as my follow-up moving on to the OpEx side and sticking with the margin target side, I guess that you were – squeezing things tight at the end of [technical difficulty] and some of the variable costs come back into the equation, but it still seems like a pretty big step up. How should we think about the $25 million of cuts coming out? Even with that, it still seems like you're going to be a bit above where most of us had expected to be, so any trajectory and kind of color on when you can get to that 21% OpEx intensity target would be helpful?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, we have that laid out for 2022. We are still absorbing the Quantenna OpEx, which is higher than what we had been running , so that has been the reason for being higher. Definitely taking out 25 million should help us get closer by the end of 2020, but we should be looking at 2021 before we can get to that 21% level.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Danely with the Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. Just a couple more questions on gross margins. So, how big was the impact of the low margin product that kind of ballooned up, and then how big was the facilities and scrapped issues impact, and then what exactly were the facilities and scrap issues that you had?
Bernard Gutmann: So, we're not getting into a lot of those details, but I can say that the mix between -- like the underutilization/depreciation versus the one-off items is about half and half.
Chris Danely: Okay, great. And then on the sale of the Belgian fab, generally there's a lot of like [technical difficulty] stuff like that associated with doing anything over in Belgium. Is there like a way to work around that or what's sort of the plan on getting through the costs associated with doing something with that fab?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So, Chris, we're looking at a similar arrangement that we've made both in Gresham and East Fishkill where we find an interested party, who will be renting the facility as we exit it, and so that's a sales situation you don't encounter any kind of exit costs that you're referring to.
Chris Danely: Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I had a few on margins as well. First, at what revenue level do you expect to get back to your historical 36%, 37% gross margins, and do you think getting to those kinds of gross margins is possible in Q2 or Q3 of this year?
Bernard Gutmann: Again, if you take the 50% fall through or better than 50% fall through, we should be able to get back to those levels in the rest of the year for 2020.
Vivek Arya: Got it, and for my follow-up, I think you mentioned some contract price reset in Q1, I'm curious how were those negotiations this year relative to prior years because there does appear to be somewhat of a gross margin hit, and I think one of the challenges we're facing is to try and discern how much the Q1 gross margin is because of that contract pricing versus underutilization trends. So, if you could quantify how much of this Q1 gross margin, roughly 200 basis points or so below trend; how much of that is because of pricing versus how much due to the underutilization trends? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: So, as you know, we have a good amount of our annual contracts for OEM that are reset once per year, so we see as a result of that once per year bigger impact. Our characterization is that the contract pricing has been pretty normal as compared to historical trends.
Vivek Arya: And any impact from underutilization? Is there a way to quantify that, and when will that disappear?
Bernard Gutmann: We definitely need revenue increases to help us absorb that underutilization. So, if we have normal seasonal patterns, we should see some goodwill recovery in the second quarter and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Caso: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Just to clarify one of the other comments that you made regarding the underutilization charges. Is what you're saying is that was one of the contributors to the gross margins being below what you had expected? I think you said it was about a half and a half. I just I guess I don't fully understand why underutilization charges will be more than expected if revenue came in with slight upside. Were there changed in production during the quarter, just some clarification please?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, so a couple of comments there. One of them is we did also reduce inventories in the quarter, and the second thing, our mix of external versus internal overt more towards external, which hasn't helped us has caused the underutilization to be bigger, and that was based on the mix of products we had the demand for.
Chris Caso: Okay, I guess lot of us struggled with the go forward is kind of understanding gross margin issues that you saw that it was which was kind of short-term and transient gets better as the year goes persistent. As you said, the 50% plus incremental gross margins I think typically you said in the past, 50% is what you get just on increasing revenue and better fixed cost absorption. So, it is at some point during the year, some of these transition issues go away and we sort of see a step up in gross margins and then you get back to that 50% rate just some clarification around that?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, we said that these transitionary items should last Q4 and Q1, and after Q1 the most part disappear.
Chris Caso: So, we should see some degree of step up as you go into Q2 therefore?
Bernard Gutmann: Okay. That's correct.
Chris Caso: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Raji Gill with Needham and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Raji Gill: Yes, thank you. If we kind of look past the temporary impacts, the gross margins, and kind of look to some of the margin tailwinds that could occur in your business, can you discuss in terms of the impact of qualifying the 300 millimeter fab, how much kind of cost benefit increase in utilization rate you think you'll get as you start to transition more process flows to that 300 millimeter fab? And any color in terms of the sale of the six-inch facility in Belgium, what that will do in terms of COGS? What percentage of that manufacturing is of your internal manufacturing, just any color there in terms of trying to weigh the importance of that?
Keith Jackson: Yes, I'll give you kind of directionally the impacts that you're referring to, we'll give the specific models in August, when we're ready to do that. The 300-millimeter factory, as we mentioned is going to allow us to get some very cost effective products to the market. We expect to see some nice and quick ramp there. So back to Bernard's comment on more than 50% fall through, we think that's a strong contributor to that in the second half of the year. It also enables us to do more in-sourcing in the factory rationalizations, selling of the Belgium factory also will contribute to that. We're not going to give specific numbers at this time but all of those are factors that there's confidence in a much better than 50% fall through as you go through the year.
Raji Gill: And just a follow-up on the margins again and you might have touched on this but how low is the gross margin percentage for those consumer products and any color what those products were?
Keith Jackson: We're not going to get into details by product line but definitely we're substantially below the corporate average.
Raji Gill: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi guys, just following up gross margin again, I mean, you talked about lowering inventories through the quarter but also looks like year-on-year also, it was a headwind in terms of utilization, but just wondering in the past year given utilization numbers, if you had some thoughts on where utilizations were in Q4 that you expect in Q1 and how you expect that to progress?
Bernard Gutmann: So in general terms, we expect flattish utilization in Q1.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it, and on the industrial side, you mentioned, there's still some realignment of inventory going on. How do you, do you expect that alignment to be mostly done as you go through Q1, you expect industrial to kind of return to some sort of growth in the back half? Thanks.
Bernard Gutmann: We think so, we don't know for sure, but our expectation is by the second quarter and definitely by the back half of the year it should be done.
Vijay Rakesh: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys, thanks for the question. About the consumer product again, what was the dynamics for the product, was this a last time buy? Or you kind of expecting more after Q1 and the reason I ask is it ties into the bigger picture story for ON for the last decade, you guys have been talking about moving up the value stack with your products, and the gross margins would follow. This seems like it's a product that was probably not price optimized considering at volume. It doesn't have the margin profile that you want. So I guess are there opportunities to review your entire product line to optimize pricing and eventually helped the margin structure, or even shutter some of these really low margin businesses? Thanks.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, thank you. So really the story there, you've seen the weakness in industrial which is our highest margin businesses in the company. At the same time, we had unexpected strength in a consumer segment. It is a segment that we were controlling pretty tightly but we had some very strong demand for both Q4 and Q1 of 2020 deliveries. We have now taken the steps we need to dramatically change the profile there and expected to not continue past Q1 from a margin inhibitor. So we do expect if you get Q2 onwards, you'll see continued reduction in the consumer profile and increase in the industrial.
Christopher Rolland: Okay, great. And on the distributor side of things, I think you said distributor inventories increased. I think the last day update we had was maybe 11 to 13 weeks there. Maybe if you could give us an update there and then also you talked about increases from specific customer programs. Maybe you could describe those programs and what are they related to some of the changes at TI for example?
Bernard Gutmann: So in general terms, when we said is the inventories increased but we're still within our comfort zone, we like to operate at. I can't comment definitely on the customer programs, but they were differently linked, some of the increases were linked to those programs.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Ellis: Yes, thanks for taking the question. It's B. Riley FBR. Bernard, I wanted to go back and take a longer-term look at gross margins. So from the level that we're guided to in the March quarter, we've got a 900 basis point [technical difficulty] target level, what I'm hoping you can do is just help characterize the trajectory of getting there, how linear is it towards target, how much of that gap is closed as we go through 2020 and 2021, and what are the big levers that you have to move the needle?
Bernard Gutmann: They're the same that we have enumerated in our analyst day, they fall through an incremental revenue definitely plays a significant role and that was definitely a headwind in 2019 and expect that that will resolve itself with better macros in the rest of the planning period. So, we expect to get back into a nice growth rate which will help us get some pretty good growth rates. The structural changes we're making in manufacturing as well as the ramping of the 300-millimeter fabs should help us achieve the 130 or more basis points that will come from manufacturing cost savings, the secular growth drivers where we're expecting to grow faster in high margin end markets is also a contributing factor that should be fairly gradual over time again as we mentioned in the short-term, we took some step back with this one-off consumer thing but in the long-term, we expect the mix to continue being -- continue being a significant contributing factors, and we will continue doing the portfolio managing, which has allowed us to divest on certain businesses, that will continue helping us and fund. So it's the same, the same ones that we have talked about, it will definitely take us good amount of revenue growth. It will take us to execute on our manufacturing cost savings including the 300-millimeter fab and the mix.
Craig Ellis: But just to clarify that, the drivers are the same, but the gap is much more significant than it was when the target was first established. So which of those variables do you think you can get incremental leverage on, so that we can close that gap and make it to 43%?
Bernard Gutmann: I think there was a good chance that that we can do more on the manufacturing front. We have a good amount of tools that we can do in flexibility with the new capacity we have four-millimeter but definitely we need the revenue and the target model was predicated on the 5% CAGR, and we started the 2019 with a negative, so that definitely puts a little bit of pressure on in terms of getting it done in the timing that we need.
Craig Ellis: That's helpful, and then the follow-ups for Keith. Keith, we're seeing good automotive growth since the second quarter of last year, is your sense that we're on a sustainable growth trajectory and then switching gears on industrial, it seems like that business has continue to ease down no surprise may be given global ISMs, but is your sense that industrials at a bottom here in the March quarter, or do you think there's some further risk just given the different dynamics that you see and to the extent that it is the bottom, what kind of recovery trajectory you see from the industry?
Keith Jackson: Yes, I'll cover both automotive and industry. The automotive piece I think there is a feeling that we may see a return to more positive there. I think a lot of the dynamics is going to be accelerating more of the vehicle electrification at faster rates than we've seen in the past, which has a very large increase in our content, which gets us pretty excited about seeing a lot of good growth in automotive as we go through 2020, the industrial side has been weak and it is generally the portion of the business that reflects kind of the GDP side of the equation. We do see that bottoming out, we're starting to see order patterns pickup and like all of the sectors, the inventory piece appears to be getting back in control. So I would expect to see the industrial side start picking up again in the second floor.
Craig Ellis: Great. Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Lipacis: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just going back to the strong demand for the lower gross margin products, so that the options, it sounds like, it either discontinue or increase the ASPs. I just wanted to explore that. So in the process, if the decision is made a discontinuous is that because the lower gross margin products also are lower operating margin products also, is it total lower profitability and you just want to get out of that business? Would that be the rationale and if he decided to discontinue, would that hit your utilization rates and then cause a continued challenge for fixed costs absorption or these outsource products? That's the first question. Thanks.
Bernard Gutmann: So I would say the answer is yes. This is both gross margin and operating margin in terms of [indiscernible]. Definitely raising prices helps significantly and it is outsourced.
Mark Lipacis: Okay, got you. That makes sense. Okay. And then, on the -- Keith, you mentioned resilient manufacturing activity in China. Is this with our particular end markets there? And do you have a sense of to the extent this is due to a restocking further downstream or if you have any read that this is real end market consumption that's happening? Thanks that's all I had.
Keith Jackson: Yes, no. This is broad-based in China. And I think it's reflecting the inventories being back in line and still seeing economic growth in China. So I think it's just basically removing some of the headwinds there. And it's a pretty broad-based.
Mark Lipacis: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On the improving business trends, can you just discuss them by geography. Last quarter, I think you guys saw some improvements in auto and China continued weakness in EMA stabilization in U.S. Did you guys see the demand profile by geo start to flatten out in Q4 and here in Q1?
Keith Jackson: So, not a lot of change, some incremental weakness in Europe incremental strength in China, in the U.S. and the rest of the world pretty much on par with what we saw in early Q3 and Q4.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for that. And Bernard, on the higher OpEx space starting the year, combined with the restructuring options announced today. How should we think about the progression of OpEx as the year unfolds?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So I would expect OpEx, to be definitely not higher than Q1 and flat turning towards slightly down.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Please proceed with your question. Ambrish, if your line is on mute. Please un-mute. And our next question comes from David O'Connor with Exane BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
David O'Connor: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe, if you can go back to the 200 millimeters, the fiscal -- the initial production there seems only 2020 and we pull that in a bit. How aggressively Keith will you ramp this fiscal and what type of products are driving the initial ramp there? And maybe then related to that, Bernard, can you remind us how much of the business is outsourced today and how much of that could be in-source as you ramp this fiscal?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, our 300 millimeter ramp will be driven largely by medium voltage MOSFETs, where we see a great deal of demand pickup in our automotive designs for vehicles of all sorts actually and in the industrial sector, across all of the segments, so it is one of the high growth areas and we're seeing good demand pickup in the order patterns, and so, that'll be the first part to ramp in 300 millimeter. So and the external utilization, our model we like to do 80 inside, 20 outside right now particularly for the front-end we're more in the middle 60s in-sourced and middle, 30s outsourced.
David O'Connor: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Delaney: Yes sir. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So I'm going to understand of the $26 million of synergies that were supposed to be taken out of the Quantenna COGS and OpEx, how much of that has been realized so far? And if you touch on the OpEx synergies in particular from Quantenna have those been realized and then related to that leaves to my second question now, the new $25 million OpEx reduction plan that was announced, is that entirely separate from the Quantenna synergies or some of that capturing the Quantenna synergies that were previously anticipated? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: So they're completely separate programs. One has nothing to do with the other. I would say on the Quantenna, a good portion, a good sizable portion of the OpEx has already been realized, and we should see a little bit that dribs or drabs still coming into the 2020, but for the most part, it's all done and the other one will be all incremental.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good morning. I know your guidance does not include any impact from the coronavirus, but could you provide some color on what you're seeing so far in terms of factory shut downs at some of the ODNs and whether there's a risk that there could be some inventory holding, and is some of this potentially benefiting your Q1 revenue outlook, if you could provide any color on what you're saying, understanding it's very early in the process?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, it's developed rapidly and the changes have been quite quick. We don't think there were opportunities for any inventory holding prior to any actions going on in China. What we have seen is request in China for factories to remain shut down after Chinese New Year longer than they normally would be. It looks like it's approximately a week. And, of course there is some capacity slack in the system as we've been talking about, the utilizations are not full. So we anticipate most people will be looking to recover that extra shut down during the first quarter. So at this stage, really don't have much more visibility than that. But it doesn't look like it will be significant impact, at least based on today's data.
Tristan Gerra: Okay, great. And then sorry if I missed it, did you mention what percentage of capacity would be removed from the fab in Belgium?
Bernard Gutmann: We didn't, no we didn't have a number yet.
Bernard Gutmann: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question, and then I want to go back to the automotive side of business, and I'm not mistaken in years past you've talked about having roughly 7% automotive sales growth against a flat SAR environment, that appears to be the consensus views as it relates to auto sales in 2020, so against that backdrop are you confident you can see that mid to high single-digit percent growth in your specific auto sales?
Bernard Gutmann: We are, and we think if we look at the numbers in 2019, it's supported that type of rate. The comments I made earlier today though, I think there's more acceleration toward the hybrid and electric vehicles. So that might actually get better for us as we go through 2020, so we're expecting that high single digit are better this year.
Gary Mobley: Okay. I just had a follow-up question. I just want to verify forward distribution, was the selling greater than the sell out during the quarter?
Bernard Gutmann: Very slightly. All right, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, can you hear me guys?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes.
Keith Jackson: Yes.
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, sorry about that. I just wanted to get back to gross margin and I'm not sure I caught the [indiscernible] response to an earlier question on the quantification of the three different factors. How much have underutilization also contributed, and then I'm not sure I understood this of the under-U charge is going to go away as we go into Q3, or there's going to be lagging underutilization charges in Q3 as well?
Bernard Gutmann: So what we characterized this as we said about half of the issues were underutilization/depreciation and half were transitionary one-off items. There is a small lag in terms of the impact of underutilization impacts the quarter, and obviously it will depend on how strong seasonally the second quarter is in terms of the rebound revenue, which will dictate how much utilizations will be.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay, thank you for the clarification.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Just wanted to follow up to the extent that you end up getting out of some businesses in the consumer sector going into the second quarter, for modeling purposes, is there any way to try to quantify what the impact might be to revenue going into the June quarter maybe relative to seasonal?
Bernard Gutmann: We're still expecting seasonal or better behavior as we go through this year. As I mentioned, we think we're through the inventory correction phase and so you should be seeing in a relatively stable economic environment, you should be seeing a better performance this year without those headwinds, and so, we're really not attributing a significant lessening of that with the consumer business.
John Pitzer: That's helpful, and the guys probably shouldn't be that important because it doesn't impact free cash flow. But Bernard, I'm just kind of curious, as you march towards that 40 plus percent target for gross margins. How do we think about depreciation from the December quarter levels? What does CapEx look like especially as you start to really facilitate and build out East Fishkill?
Bernard Gutmann: So basically, when we said from the CapEx point of view, we guided for 125 to 145 for a very short-term for the first quarter, and said that a good portion of that CapEx is devoted towards the 300 mm fab, and then we expect that to taper off throughout the year and go to a lower level in 2021. At this stage, I would expect CapEx and depreciation to converge in the pretty much aligned. So I don't expect any significant amount of increased depreciation on our P&L as we normalize the CapEx.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, good morning, and thanks for allowing me to ask a few questions as well. Keith, the commentary on return to normal seasonality, does that also apply to kind of the 5G infrastructure related portion [technical difficulty]…
Keith Jackson: Yes, so I think again the comments are similar, I think inventory absorption pieces on track to be behind us here in Q1. So, I would expect that also look much more seasonal, however secularly it's going to grow. And so you can see basically no headwinds to that growth as you get through this year.
Shawn Harrison: And then as a follow up, Bernard, I know on dollar basis, the cash tax is not much changed from the fourth quarter, but it's up on a percentage basis. I just -- maybe any dynamics here in the March quarter associated with that or how it tracks maybe on a percentage basis or dollar basis post-March quarter?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, so cash CapEx by its nature is lumpy. So, I would say the Q1 is [indiscernible] tax is lumpy, and it is in the $14 million to $18 million range for Q1. We expect for the year to be 10% or less as a percent of the profit, but again, it is all good lumpy. Thank you.
Shawn Harrison: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Just a quick follow-up on the consumer gross margin issue, did Chinese competition has anything to do with the gross margin issue either from [indiscernible] or somebody else out there?
Keith Jackson: No, not at all, this was just a business that we thought was going to decline, and then there was a surprise upside. So, that had nothing to do with any new competitive dynamics.
Chris Danely: Okay, thanks Keith for taking the follow-up.
Keith Jackson: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thanks. Keep your thoughts on the end markets for 2020. It sounds like you said kind of autos, high single-digit growth, could kind of lead industrial near-term is lagging a bit, but just, as you see over the course of the year kind of puts and takes up by end markets?
Keith Jackson: So on the industrial side, yes, we think is still lagging right now primarily the portions of that that go into new factory buildings and new residential buildings that has been kind of the drag piece. The medical piece that's in there has been strong and growing quite nicely. We expect that trend will continue [indiscernible] been holding up quite well. So, the change that we're looking in the industrial side are twofold, one, we think the energy infrastructure will be a secular positive. We're seeing more solar installations, wind installations. We see growth in that as we go through this year, and then on the building side, hopefully we will have cleared through all the inventory here in Q1 and you will see a return to normality and from a seasonality perspective after that.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I will now turn call back to Parag Agarwal for any further remarks.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you everyone for joining the call today. We hope to see you at various conferences during the quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Parag Agarwal, VP, Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Sydney. Good morning, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation’s third quarter 2019 quarter results conference call. I am joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast, along with our 2019 third quarter earnings release, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today’s call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels and share count are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we’ll make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the third quarter of 2019. Our estimates, other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors, except as required by law. During the fourth quarter, we will attend NASDAQ Technology Conference in London on December 3 and Deutsche Bank AutoTech Conference in San Francisco on December 10. Now let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of our third quarter 2019 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We saw stabilization in business trends in the third quarter. We believe that much of the stabilization was driven by normalization of inventories in the supply chain as both distributors and OEMs have realigned their inventory in line with lower end market demand. While we have seen normalization in supply chain inventories, end market demand signals remain weak. Geopolitical and macroeconomic factors still weigh on demand, and visibility into demand remains poor. Despite a lukewarm business environment, key secular mega trends driving our business remain intact, and we are making long-term investments to improve our competitive position in our strategic end markets and to improve our industry-leading manufacturing cost structure. We expect that the current downturn will not detract us from our long-term goals, and we will continue to invest to position the company for long-term success. Current bookings are trending along historical seasonal patterns, but as I indicated earlier, we are not seeing any strong evidence of recovery in end market demand. Macroeconomic data from major economies point towards tepid industrial activity. Global automotive market continues to be soft, but we are continuing to see strong content growth for our products in automotive market. We believe the primary driver of stabilization in our business has been the normalization of channel inventories with our distributors and OEMs. Based on anecdotal data, it appears that the supply chain inventories have normalized largely, and we don’t expect any more inventory digestion in the near term. While stabilization in business trends and normalization of supply chain inventory are encouraging, risks from unforeseen geopolitical and macroeconomic events continues to be an overhang. We are managing our business in line with prevailing risks and business conditions. We are tightly controlling our operating expenses, and we have taken measures to lower our capital intensity in line with current market conditions. We believe that a highly diversified customer base, exposure to the fastest-growing semiconductor end markets and long life cycles of many of our products should help us better navigate the current slowdown in demand as compared to the broader analog and power semiconductor industry. Now let me provide you additional details on the third quarter 2019 results. Total revenues for the third quarter of 2019 were $1.382 billion, a decrease of 10% as compared to revenues of $1.542 billion in the third quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decline in revenue was primarily driven by well-publicized macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which have affected the overall semiconductor industry. Also, 2019 third quarter revenue was impacted by a significant one-time adjustment related to a customer issue. GAAP net loss for the third quarter was $0.15 per diluted share as compared to a net income of $0.38 in the third quarter of 2018. Consistent with our expectations, and as disclosed in our recent SEC filings, the GAAP net loss in the third quarter of 2019 was driven primarily by a one-time payment to settle all pending intellectual property litigation with Power Integrations, Inc. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $0.33 per diluted share as compared to $0.57 in third quarter of 2018. GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was 34.4%, non-GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was 35.8%. The third quarter gross margin was impacted by a one-time adjustment related to a customer issue and by ASP pressure, primarily on the non-differentiated part of our portfolio. Furthermore, in order to reduce inventory on our balance sheet and in distribution channel, we meaningfully lowered our factory utilization in the third quarter. We intend to keep our factory utilization at current levels until we see a meaningful recovery in demand. Year-over-year our third quarter 2019 non-GAAP gross margin declined by 290 basis points. Our GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2019 was a negative 3.2%, as compared to 15.7% in the third quarter of 2018. GAAP operating loss in the third quarter was primarily driven by an expense of approximately $170 million related to the previously mentioned litigation settlement with Power Integrations. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2019 was 13% as compared to 17.8% in third quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decline in operating margin was driven largely by lower gross margin. Our third quarter non-GAAP operating margin excludes the impact of the Power Integrations settlement. GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $519 million, as compared to $355 million for the third quarter of 2018. As I indicated earlier, third quarter GAAP operating expense include $170 million related to the settlement with Power Integrations. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $314 million, as compared to $322 million in the third quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decline in the third quarter operating expenses was driven by aggressive expense control and zero bonus accrual. Third quarter free cash flow was $131 million and operating cash flow was $242 million. Capital expenditures during the third quarter were $112 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 8%. With the recent acquisition of 300-millimeter fab in East Fishkill and with slowing end-market demand, we expect that in near to mid-term, capital intensity will continue at current levels. Going forward, a sizeable part of CapEx will be spent on enabling the East Fishkill fab. We exited the third quarter of 2019 with cash and cash equivalents of $929 million, as compared to $885 million at the end of the second quarter 2019. We used $13 million of cash to repurchase approximately 764,000 shares of our stock during the third quarter. For a big part of the third quarter, we were restricted from buying back our stock for two reasons. First, we were negotiating a settlement with Power Integrations, and second, we were refinancing our debt. At the end of the third quarter, days of inventory on hand were 128 days, down by nine days as compared to 137 days in the second quarter of 2019. Excluding the impact of fair market step-up of inventory related to Quantenna, days of inventory on hand were 128 days, down seven days as compared to 135 days in the second quarter. We intend to further lower the days of inventory on our balance sheet in the fourth quarter. Distribution resales increased in the third quarter over the second quarter. Distribution inventory in terms of weeks declined quarter-over-quarter in the third quarter. We are very comfortable with the level of our inventory in the distribution channel. As we have noted in our previous earnings calls, we are aggressively managing our distribution inventory in an effort to ensure healthy level of inventory in the distribution channel. Now let me provide you an update on performance of our business units, starting with Power Solutions Group, or PSG. Revenue for PSG for the third quarter was $688 million. Revenue for the Analog Solutions Group for the third quarter of 2019 was $509 million and revenue for Intelligent Sensing Group was $185 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. While business conditions remain challenging, we continue to execute on our strategy of focusing on our key strategic markets and investing in our operations to enhance our industry leading cost structure. The current slowdown in demand, which is largely driven by macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, does not change our view on our long-term growth potential. With ongoing investments in product development and in our 300 millimeter East Fishkill fab, we intend to emerge even stronger out of the current downturn. Key secular trends driving our business remain intact, and our momentum in our key strategic markets continues to accelerate. Despite the current slowdown in end-market demand, we continue to see meaningful increase in our content in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power applications. We believe that automotive, industrial and cloud-power end markets will be among the fastest growing semiconductor end markets for a long time. In the automotive market, we believe that accelerating adoption of electric vehicles and active safety should drive strong growth in our power semiconductor and sensor businesses. In the industrial market, we are seeing strong traction for our power semiconductor products, driven by higher power efficiency requirements for industrial systems. In the cloud power market, we are seeing robust growth for our analog power management products for servers and power semiconductors for 5G infrastructure markets. In the near-term, we continue to navigate through an improving, although still challenging business environment. Although revenue has stabilized, end market demand visibility is low as macroeconomic and geopolitical factors continue to weigh on outlook. Customers continue to be cautious. Based on commentary from our distribution partners, it appears that inventory correction in the distribution channel is largely complete. With normalization of supply chain inventories, we are seeing some degree of normal seasonality in our business. In the third quarter, we substantially reduced our balance sheet and supply chain inventories, and we did an outstanding job of managing our operating expenses. While near term business conditions are soft, long-term outlook for our business, with exposure to secular megatrends in automotive, industrial and cloud power end markets, remains solid. We are also making strong progress towards ramping our production at our 300 millimeter East Fishkill fab in upstate New York, and we are solidly on track to begin production in the fab next year. Our process development is progressing at a solid pace, and currently we are in final stages of tweaking and freezing our processes. As we have indicated earlier, we expect that our 300 millimeter East Fishkill fab will accelerate our progress towards our 2022 target model, enables efficiencies in our manufacturing network, and further strengthens our industry leading cost structure. We believe that ramping of our 300 millimeter production will be a major inflection point in our manufacturing strategy and in our manufacturing cost structure. Our 300 millimeter East Fishkill fab affords us significant flexibility in optimizing our frontend network, and we are taking measures to improve efficiency of our manufacturing network. We are currently in process of closing down one of our smaller six-inch fabs in Rochester, New York, and we expect that this action will result in nominal cost savings. Now I’ll provide details of the progress in our various end-markets for third quarter of 2019. Revenue for the automotive market in the third quarter was $446 million and represented 32% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter automotive revenue declined 3% year-over-year. Asia, including Greater China remained the primary contributor to this year-over-year decline, but on quarter-over-quarter basis, we saw meaningful increase in automotive revenue from Greater China region in the third quarter. We continue to see weakness in the EMEA automotive markets, which also contributed to year-over-year decline. Our leadership in ADAS continues to strengthen and our design-win pipeline continues to expand at a rapid rate. We have won 16 of 17 2-megapixel and 8-megapixel platforms awarded year-to-date in 2019 and – for level 2 and level 3 vehicles. During the third quarter, we achieved landmark of shipping more than 100 million AR0132 image sensors for ADAS applications. Vehicle electrification is quickly emerging as a key driver of our automotive revenue. During the third quarter, we commenced production of EV PIM modules for customer shipments in fourth quarter of 2019. During the third quarter, we secured design wins for seven EV traction inverter platforms. Our Silicon Carbide products are continuing to gain momentum, and our global customer engagements are growing. During the third quarter, we launched our 1200-volt low Rdson and 900-volt Silicon Carbide FET product families. Our momentum in automotive analog power management remains strong. We secured design wins for our analog power management products for ADAS, instrument clusters, as well as in-vehicle networking solutions. Growth for our advanced lighting, power management, and LED driver solutions remains healthy. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the automotive end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace, and medical, contributed revenue of $351 million in the third quarter. The industrial end market represented 25% of our revenue in the third quarter. Year-over-year, our third quarter industrial revenue declined 13%. On year-over-year basis, we saw broad based weakness in industrial end market across most geographies. While we are seeing soft market conditions in the industrial market, key secular trends driving our business remain intact. Customers are continuing to invest in improving power efficiency of industrial systems. Our mid and high voltage power semiconductor products such as FETs, IGBTs, and modules continue to see increased momentum within the industrial end market. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the industrial end market is expected to be flat quarter-over-quarter. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $275 million in the third quarter. The communications end-market represented 20% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter communications revenue declined 8% year-over-year. The year-over-year decline in communications was driven by weakness in handset related revenue. We continue to see strong traction for our medium voltage power products for 5G infrastructure. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the communications end-market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. The Computing end-market contributed revenue of $154 million in the third quarter. The computing end-market represented 11% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter computing revenue declined 8% year-over-year. We continue to see strong growth in our server related computing revenue. On sequential basis, easing supply of Intel’s processors also contributed to growth in computing revenue. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the computing end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The Consumer end-market contributed revenue of $157 million in the third quarter. The consumer end-market represented 11% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter consumer revenue declined by 26% year-over-year. The year-over-year decline was due to continuing broad-based weakness in consumer electronics and white-goods markets. We continue to be selective in our participation in these markets. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the consumer end-market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. In summary, business conditions have stabilized as supply chain inventories have normalized. However, visibility into end-market demand is low as macroeconomic and geopolitical factors continue to weigh on outlook. Despite current weakness in businesses trends across the industry, secular megatrends driving our business remain intact, and we are upbeat about our medium to long-term prospects. We are focused on the fastest growing end-markets of semiconductor industry, and with our design wins, we expect that our content in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power applications will continue to grow. To adjust to slowing macroeconomic environment, we are prudently managing our business with sharp focus on controlling expenses. In these challenging times, our operational execution remains strong. We are continuing to invest in our product development efforts and in improving our industry leading cost structure. We expect to emerge even stronger out of the current downturn. Now, I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard.
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in range of $1,350 million to $1,400 million in fourth quarter of 2019. For fourth quarter of 2019, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin between 35.7% to 36.7%. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $344 million to $ 364 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be $32 million to $36 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $312 million to $328 million in the fourth quarter. The anticipated quarter-over-quarter increase in operating expenses for the fourth quarter over those of the third quarter is driven primarily by four extra days in the fourth quarter as compared to those in the third quarter. We anticipate fourth quarter of 2019 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $38 million to $41 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $29 million to $ 31 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in fourth quarter of 2019 is expected to be $14 million to $18 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $105 million to $115 million in fourth quarter of 2019. We also expect share based compensation of $17 million to $19 million in fourth quarter of 2019, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share count for fourth quarter of 2019 is expected to be 414 million shares, and our non-GAAP diluted share count is expected to be 412 million shares, based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, respectively. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and Sydney, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question,
Ross Seymore: Good morning, guys. First question is on the revenue side of the equation. It’s good to see you guys were in line and then are guiding seasonal. But I wonder about the seasonal guide given what we’ve heard from other broad-based players were largely subseasonal and for some of the players significantly so still persists. So what do you think that gives you the comfort to be seasonal in the fourth quarter?
Keith Jackson: Ross, I think it’s mostly the content gains we continue to have. And as we mentioned, the automotive piece of our business should be up. We’re seeing some recovery in Asia there. And with our exposure in content, we think that may give us a little better lift. And then, quite frankly, we’ve done a very good job in getting inventories in the supply chain in place to enable a more normal environment.
Ross Seymore: Okay. Thanks for the color. Then switching one for you, Bernard, over on the gross margin side of things. It was a little bit less than what you guided to. I know you gave three reasons for that. Could you give us a little bit of color on those three reasons, the onetime or the ASPs and the utilization? And as we go into the fourth quarter, it looks like it’s up a little bit. I assume that’s just the onetime reversing itself. But any color on what’s happening there? If you view all these moving parts to be temporary? And do any of these things change your longer-term trend towards the four handle?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Ross. So I’ll start from the latter part. We don’t believe this affects us in the long term. The secular drivers and the reasons for growth are the same. There is no structural changes that prevent us from doing that. Addressing the specifics, we did enumerate 3. The first one is really a vendor cost, product specification issue that impacted one customer. Can’t give you more detail than that. It is one of the reasons why the fourth quarter is showing some lift. The second piece is we did see more pressure on ASPs, on – primarily on multisource products in the last quarter, and that’s obviously a reflection of the weaker end demand in the market. And the third reason is we did purposefully control our disties and internal inventories. And as a result, our utilization was in the middle 60s. It was one of the lowest we have had in a long time and obviously, that has also ramifications on gross margin. We expect to – not to have a lot more inventory reduction in the disti channel, but still a little bit more internally, so our gross margin will still have – or our utilization will still be in the lower portion of our normal range. And – but if I look at the long run, our 300-millimeter fab Fishkill acquisition, we believe, is really something that will be transformative and will allow us to show significant improvement in gross margin, and we’re very happy with what we’re seeing so far in terms of process, plant flows and qualification
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Just a couple of questions to dig into the gross margins a little bit. So on the onetime customer adjustment, if, like, business conditions stay in this sort of sluggish overall environment, is it possible that other customers could come back and ask for something like that? And then on the ASPs being lower for multisource products, how much of your product portfolio – I guess is that risk from that? And then when can we expect this to reverse? Or could this get worse if business conditions remain kind of sluggish like this?
Bernard Gutmann: So the – let me answer you in reverse. The products that are mostly affected by that are those that are in our computing end consumer, which is about 20% of our business. That’s kind of – give or take. Obviously, weak end demands are making this a factor. So this – it will be a function of how long the weakening demand continues in terms of pricing pressure. The second one, we believe the adjustment is related to one single customer, and we don’t – there is no risk that it will affect other customers.
Chris Danely: Okay. Great. And for my follow-up, Keith, can you just kind of run us through your major end markets? It sounds like auto is getting a little better. How would you sort of rank them from, I guess, least to most impacted?
Keith Jackson: Yes. So automotive, we’re seeing a recovery in Asia. We’re seeing recovery in the server portion of computing. Relatively continued benign conditions in industrial. And then you have a seasonal weakening in consumer, as you would expect, so I’m not sure that, that is abnormal from a seasonal perspective. And in the handset market, same story.
Chris Danely: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to also talk about gross margins first. Since you completed the acquisition of Fairchild, gross margins have – they kind of peaked around 39%. Right now, they are 36%. And I think, Bernard, you mentioned that utilization is in the low 60s-or-so range. So as you move forward, is the 50% incremental gross margin still a useful construct as we go forward? Do you think that as you get more production onto 300-millimeter, it could be better than that at some point?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. In the short term, the 50% should still be a valid thing. Obviously, as you said, they’re still doing some transformative changes, and that can affect that – the fall through. And also, as we continue with our secular drivers in the areas that are growing faster, those command also better gross margin, so that should also help in terms of the fall through.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, Keith, there’s some discussion amongst investors that perhaps some Chinese hardware makers might be deliberately or under some pressure being asked to move away from U.S. chip makers, so not ON specific, but applies to all of your diversified peers. Have you seen any evidence of this from your customer discussions and of any share shift, right, being in place, whether to your European or Japanese competitors? Have you seen any evidence of that so far?
Keith Jackson: So far there’s been some share shift where we’re unable to ship products to the European or Japan-based competitors. Those are small amounts for us. But otherwise, nothing detected in their current business patterns. There have been discussions with many of the customers in China about having alternate sources for shared supply, but no dialogue at this stage about losing specific share.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Raji Gill with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Raji Gill: Thank you. A question on the inventory digestion because I think that’s important. That’s something that at least you can control. The end demand is harder to figure out. But in terms of the inventory digestion, I was wondering if you could kind of characterize where we are in the inventory correction cycle. This started about a year ago, so are we interpreting this to be a – we’re at the bottom of that correction? And then along those lines, if demand were to snap back from a trade resolution or for whatever factor, how quickly do you think you’ll be able to respond to meet that demand in your supply chain as well as at your own internal levels? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Okay. So inventory-wise, as I mentioned last quarter, we felt we were nearing the end of the correction process. We still believe that. We think we’re in a stable and reasonable place with the supply chain area. One of the key things, if you look at recovery, those recoveries do generally happen quickly and can change things. But with our inventory levels, where they are in distribution and internally, we think we’re in good shape for a response.
Raji Gill: Okay, great. And for my follow-up question related to 5G, you had basically said in the past you had zero 4G revenue, but because of the increased power requirements for these base stations at the radio access head as well the auxilliary supplies, that there’s going to be a significant increase in MOSFET content. Wondering if you could kind of characterize the 5G base station infrastructure cycle. There’s been some reports that there might have been a little bit of a pause. How do we think about 5G relative to your position as we go into next year?
Keith Jackson: Okay. So we are, I think, well positioned with all of the players in 5G, and that deployment will continue to expand. I think we had some pretty rapid early test trials that went on. A little bit of a pause, but we expect next year to be a very significant ramp in China.
Raji Gill: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Rolland: Great. Thanks, guys. So given a slower macro – and this is probably maybe for Keith, I’m not sure. But given a slower macro and your new plans to lower existing utilizations, given that macro, does this change the speed at which you’re going to equip new projects like, for example, the Fishkill fab? Maybe you can talk about how you would equip that and what utilizations might look like for the next three years or so? And then also, I think you have some wafer capacity coming on as well. Does that slower macro affect equipment there as well?
Keith Jackson: The simple answer there is a slower macro is not going to deter us enabling our 300-millimeter expansion. That is a key part of getting our margin profile where we’d like it and being able to satisfy the growth in demand for automotive and industrial power. So that will continue. Other types of things have been curtailed significantly to balance that total capital needs, but those will continue to move forward. We don’t see any situation in which that would make sense to slow. And as we mentioned earlier, that ramp will enable us to balance our network out better to accelerate gross margin.
Christopher Rolland: Great. And then there have been some moves this last quarter, one company and competitor in particular, as they move more towards a direct sales force versus distribution perhaps controlling that process and capturing more margin. Just wanted to know your thoughts on distribution versus perhaps a move – moving more internal for you guys. Or do you view kind of these competitive changes here as an opportunity for you guys even?
Keith Jackson: Yes. We are strongly believers in the distribution network. They can reach a range of customers around the world for the design win commitments that we need. And they are also quite efficient at reaching all those small customers. So we continue to support them strongly, see share gains in that distribution network on an annual basis. And we’ll be looking for opportunities to grow even faster in distribution.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley FBR. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Ellis: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. And congratulations, guys, on navigating the trough well. Bernard, I wanted to follow-up first just with a clarification on operating expense. Clearly, there’s a lot going on to shield operating income from some of the pressures that were on gross margin. But can you clarify, for the things that were done in the third quarter, how much of those moves are tactical versus more structural changes that would flow through to next year?
Bernard Gutmann: In general terms, most of the actions were tactical. There is some that we took earlier in the year that were more structural, but what we did in the third quarter was more tactical.
Craig Ellis: Got it. And then on the COGS side, there was mention made of a 6-inch fab shutdown in Rochester, New York. Can you just summarize for us what some of the cost reduction levers are as you look out into 2020? And with utilization at 65%, is there anything else that might be contemplated if the demand environment that we have now persists into next year? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So we – the levers that we have continue being the same. Definitely, the East Fishkill as well as the Aizu fab give us more degrees of freedom in terms of managing our network and more opportunities for optimization. And at the same time, we will continue working on the regular fall through as we increase our utilization back up to the more normal levels as well as mix.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you. Good morning, guys. I had a question on China auto. This is the first time in a long while we have heard anybody say China and growth in the same breath. Is this due to some design wins that you have that are ramping? Or is it reflective of maybe production bottoming out and seeing a pickup from very low levels? So is it specific to you? Or is it more macro? And then my follow-up. Bernard, you talked about – you mentioned share buyback and the lack thereof in the quarter that just ended. What does it mean for buyback going forward? I’m assuming you brought it up because it means you’re going to be back buying stock this quarter onwards. Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Okay. On the China auto business, those are new wins we’ve got primarily in electric vehicles. And new models are starting to ramp, so there’s a content piece there. But our sense also is that generally, there’s going to be more units made now than there has been in the earlier part of the year, so a combination of both content and a few more units.
Bernard Gutmann: And on the share buyback question, Ambrish, in the long run, we are committed to our share buyback program. We have a $1.5 billion program and intend to continue working on that one. In the short run, we do have the – as we mentioned several times during the call, we do have the settlement of the litigation issue we had with Power, and that implies a significant cash outlay in the short term, and that will have to be taken into account as we go through that.
Ambrish Srivastava: So that goes through this quarter as well, Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, it should.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Ramsay: Yes. Thank you very much. Keith, I have, I guess, two questions on the automotive business, and I’ll just, I guess, go ahead and ask them both at the same time for expediency. The first one is on the image sensor business. I think you mentioned in the…
Keith Jackson: We lost you, Matt.
Parag Agarwal: Sydney, can we go on to the next caller please?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. First is a follow-up on the gross margin topic and underutilization. I was hoping you could clarify if ON took a period charge in the quarter related to the underutilization because I think there’s only so much FX cost you can capitalize into inventory. So did you take a charge? And if so, can you quantify that?
Bernard Gutmann: So in terms of utilization, we mentioned we were in the 65%, which used our normal capitalization rules, whereby a portion of the unit cost, if it’s below our standard, gets written off. If it’s above our standard, it gets capitalized. So there was no unusual activity, no period charge.
Mark Delaney: Okay. That’s helpful. And then a follow-up question around the bookings trends. I was hoping you could comment a little bit more on the linearity of bookings that the company saw. Did the quarter start off weak, and then bookings more recently have been largely seasonal? Or was it pretty consistent throughout the quarter? Thanks.
Bernard Gutmann: We believe it has been pretty consistent and based – and seasonal.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. First question is on ASPs. And you talked about some pricing pressure that was starting. If you could help to quantify a little bit of that. And I know that this is the time of year where you start to negotiate some of the annual pricing. Can you give some indication of how that’s looking for next year? I know the past several years, ASPs have been performing better than they normally have. Is it kind of getting back to where we were a couple of years ago now?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So Chris, we don’t quantify ASPs in – like we did in the past. But I can say that in general terms, it is less than historical, less than in previous cycles. It is still more than what we saw in the first couple of quarters of the year, but less than historical.
Chris Caso: All right. Thank you. As a follow-up on automotive, maybe can you give some indication of where you think your auto growth falls relative to units? And I say it looks like your auto is going to come in somewhere down 4% or so this year on a similar reduction in units this year. How do you look going forward? What would be the spread between ON Semi’s auto revenue and units? Obviously, your content is growing. By how much more do you expect to grow versus the market going forward?
Keith Jackson: Yes. We’re – if you look at kind of performance this year, you think – we believe there was a contraction in the supply chain. So in essence, it wasn’t just a reflection of the end units but actual inventory coming down throughout the whole chain. So we still believe you get a significant benefit from the content gain even in a down market. Going forward, we’re looking for 7% and 9% kind of growth in the auto market for us. On unit basis, which I think is forecasted, roughly flat to up 1%.
Chris Caso: It’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Vijay Rakesh: Just going back on the comm handset side. I saw your September quarter grew 11% sequentially. Just wondering, if you were to look at 5G and handsets, what trends you saw versus that growth. And if you look at the December quarter, I know you guided it down. Just wondering which segment was weaker going into December. Thanks.
Keith Jackson: So we don’t think 5G handsets were a big play in the third quarter. There was certainly content there and some phones out, but it was not a substantial portion of the total. And then as we look into the fourth quarter for handsets, it’s a normal seasonal down, so nothing significant there other than normality.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And then last question, Quantenna. Any thoughts there? How that’s progressing? What you guys are seeing there? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: So that business continues to be soft like the rest of the markets, but we’re not seeing continued decline there. So it looks like it’s stabilized, and we are expecting more normality as we get into 2020.
Bernard Gutmann: And we have also – we are also completing the integration work this quarter, and that should result also in some of the synergy delivery.
Vijay Rakesh: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Williams with Loop Capital. Please proceed with your question.
David Williams: Thank you. Would – just want to ask on the industrial side. Are you seeing anything in terms of the subsegments that stands out or maybe gives you a bit of optimism for return to growth there?
Keith Jackson: Right now, pretty much all segments are showing the same type of weakness. Nothing looks like it’s breaking out yet. I am expecting the medical piece of that business to break out pretty quickly as a lot of our design wins in the personal medical electronics arena start ramping in 2020.
David Williams: And then can you talk a little bit about the content growth you see between the standard 4G handset and maybe going to a 5G handset? What is the opportunity there for content growth? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: It’s going to be somewhere around a $1 difference in content.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On the consumer, specifically white goods, this is a segment that continues to show appreciable year-over-year deceleration into Q3. But it looks like year-over-year compares are starting to actually get better in Q4 and showing signs of normal seasonality on a sequential basis. I know it’s off of a low base, and it’s one of the more trade and macro-sensitive segments. But looking beyond Q4, do you guys expect that end demand trends are now looking to be more seasonal going forward for this segment?
Keith Jackson: Yes. I would expect more normal seasonality as you enter the first quarter next year. There was buying that was anticipation of tariffs that had some significant skewing of purchase patterns there. We think that’s behind us. And there was also some inventory corrections, which we think are largely behind us. So it should be looking more like a normal seasonal business going into next year.
Harlan Sur: Great. Good to hear that. And then on the new product front, you gave us some metrics on your design win traction on auto image sensors for 2 and 8-megapixel sensors. But on the high-performance 8-megapixel front for ADAS, I think Sony might have a 7.5-megapixel solution. But do you guys have any competition at the 8-megapixel level?
Keith Jackson: No. We have superior performance there and nothing that I would consider competition. We have been winning the platforms at 8-megapixel and not losing any ground or traction.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David O’Connor with Exane BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
David O’Connor: Great. Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. A question on my side on the design wins on the silicon carbide. You mentioned EVs. You mentioned seven inverter wins in the transcript. Can you give some more detail on them, when exactly these are ramping? What kind of geographies? And are these silicon – are these actually silicon carbide? Are they more silicon-based? And I have a follow-up.
Keith Jackson: Okay. They’re a mixture of IGBT and silicon carbide, and those wins ramp anywhere from late next year to the following year. So I don’t have the specific schedules in front of me, but it will be over the next two years.
David O’Connor: Great. And then maybe one follow-up for Bernard. So just to clarify, so will Q4 be the peak underutilization charges?
Bernard Gutmann: We believe that Q4 is probably going to be the lowest utilization. Just like Q3, we believe we’re at the bottom in terms of utilization right now.
David O’Connor: Great, helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good morning. As a follow-up to the prior question, what percentage of manufacturing are you currently outsourcing? And is there any leverage there to bring capacity back internally to help your utilization rates?
Bernard Gutmann: We have been doing that as a regular ongoing process. The total outsourced amount is about 30%, including everything at about 20% when you exclude our most recent acquisition.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. And is that a process that can continue? Or how low can you go in terms of outsourcing as a percentage?
Keith Jackson: We continue to balance where we can. We’ve got obligations to some of our suppliers there. But in general, we think we can get that down a few percentage points over the next year.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Harsh Kumar: Yes, hey guys. Solid execution. I had a couple of questions. First, on the auto, I think, Keith, you mentioned that second half, you’re expecting to see more units in China. I was curious if this is normal or you think this is just sort of we contracted so much that we’re kind of whipping around and trying to make up a little bit? And then how do you see – when you talk to your kind of customers over in China, how do you see the demand trends for next year?
Keith Jackson: Okay. So on the first part, kind of current conditions, there was some changing regulations and changes in government policies on how they subsidize that marketplace, created some bad situations in the middle part of the year. We see some recovery from that. Not a significant in-demand jump is the way I would describe current conditions. Then next year, though, we do think there will be continued expansion. Their economy is going to continue to grow. We think they will have digested the efficiency requirement changes that they’re going through right now, and we should see some continued growth there in 2020.
Harsh Kumar: Understood. And my follow-up, I know semis have been like all over the place and businesses have been all over the place, the trade war. But could you maybe remind us how we might even try to think about seasonality here for your business and maybe even the industry as such or particularly for your business?
Bernard Gutmann: Sure. So normal seasonality, if there is such a thing, is 0% to 2% negative for the fourth quarter, so a small negative. The first quarter is also a negative, in the 2% to 3% range. Q3 – Q2 and Q3 are on the positive, something like 4%, 5% for both Q2 and Q3.
Harsh Kumar: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, good morning. First question, just on product lead times. Is there any product right now where you’re still seeing extended lead times? Or is everything pretty much normalized for you?
Keith Jackson: No. We have a few specific more custom-based products that still have extended lead times, but those are where there’s unique flows or unique requirements. Most of our general products are in the normal range.
Shawn Harrison: In the end markets, those products are – is it more auto sensor recurrent?
Keith Jackson: It tends to be industrial and automotive more than any other segment.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then as a brief follow-up, Bernard, I think there’s a convert coming due next year. Do you have any thoughts on refinance that, pay that off et cetera?
Bernard Gutmann: We – at this stage, we intend to pay it down. We do have – but we could also explore possibilities of refinancing. We did refinance our debt recently and have about $1.2 billion of undrawn revolver in case we want to tap into that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Just going back to Quantenna. Any update on just product development in the areas of autos, industrial and then how you’re thinking about that?
Keith Jackson: Yes. We continue to invest. We took some ON teams and added them to the Quantenna team to continue to drive derivations of the high-performance WiFi that they’ve got into those marketplaces. That development looks like it’s going to be in good shape to deliver what we set as expectations for the 18 months to two years from now.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it, thanks. And then just a follow-up for Bernard. You mentioned the inventory in the channel came down sequentially. Can you talk about just kind of framing that versus the typical target of 11 to 13 weeks and then where you guys are today?
Bernard Gutmann: Sure. We are comfortably within that 11 to 13 week range.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our Q&A session. I would now like to turn it back to Parag Agarwal with any further remarks.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences during the quarter. Good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the ON Semiconductor Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Chris. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation second quarter 2019 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast, along with our earnings release for second quarter of 2019, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels and share count are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for second quarter of 2019. Our estimates, or other forward-looking statements may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other factors, except as required by law. During the third quarter, we will attend Jefferies 2019 Semiconductor, Hardware and Communications Infrastructure Summit in Chicago on August 27th, Citi Global Technology Conference in New York on September 5th, and Deutsche Bank Technology Conference in Las Vegas on September 10th. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of our second quarter 2019 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Geopolitical and macroeconomic factors impacted our second quarter revenue. Sharper than expected broad-based inventory correction, especially in the automotive market, was the driver of lower than expected revenue in the second quarter. Furthermore, we saw weakness in our communications revenue as we temporarily halted shipments to a major customer to comply with U.S. federal law.  Despite headwinds to our top-line during current cyclical downturn in the semiconductor industry, our execution continues to be solid, and we continue to post strong margin and earnings performance. So far, in the current downturn, cyclicality in our revenue and margins has been lower than that of our peer group.  Our performance thus far speaks to the transformed nature of our business, and our focus on highly differentiated power, analog, sensor and connectivity products for automotive, industrial, and cloud-power end markets. Key secular trends in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power end markets remain intact, and we continue to make prudent investments to strengthen our competitive position in our strategic end markets, and to further improve our industry leading cost structure. Our design win pipeline in key growth areas continues to expand at a rapid pace. Though the second quarter was challenging from a revenue perspective, current booking trends point towards stabilization in business conditions. Demand trends from automotive customers have stabilized, and bookings from communications customers have improved. We believe that distribution inventory correction should be nearly complete by the end of the third quarter or early Q4 of 2019. Although, we are seeing stabilization in demand at lower level of revenue, we are not seeing much evidence of any meaningful recovery in demand. While we are encouraged by the stabilization in business conditions, we are cognizant of risks arising from unforeseen geopolitical and macroeconomic events, and we are managing our business to adjust to the near-term volatility in demand. We have taken measures to control our operating expenses in line with relatively soft business conditions. We believe that a highly diversified customer base, exposure to the fastest growing semiconductor end markets, and long life cycle of many of our products should help us better navigate the current slowdown in demand as compared to broader analog and power semiconductor industry. We remain upbeat about the future. And as I noted earlier, we are making prudent strategic investments to strengthen and build our leadership in key strategic markets and to improve our cost structure.  In the second quarter, we closed our acquisition of Quantenna Communications, which we believe will strengthen our presence in connectivity applications for industrial and automotive end markets. We also recently announced our plans to add the first 300 millimeter fab to our manufacturing network in a phased transaction over next four years. The addition of this fab in a staged process should accelerate our progress towards our 2022 target financial model, enable savings of approximately $1 billion in capital expenditure over next several years, and provide sufficient capacity to support our long-term growth at a highly competitive cost structure. Now, let me provide you details on our second quarter 2019 results. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2019 was $1.348 billion, a decrease of 7% as compared to revenue of $1.456 billion in the second quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decline in revenue was primarily driven by well-publicized macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which have impacted the overall semiconductor industry.  GAAP net income for the second quarter was $0.24 per diluted share as compared to $0.35 in the second quarter of 2018. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $0.42 per diluted share as compared to $0.46 in second quarter of 2018. GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 37%. Non-GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 37.1%. Year-over-year, our second quarter 2019 non-GAAP gross margin declined by 106 basis points, primarily due to lower revenue. Despite a meaningful quarter-over-quarter decline in revenue in the second quarter, we delivered solid gross margin performance with gross margin flat as compared to that of the first quarter. Our GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2019 was 11.7%, as compared to 13.5% in the second quarter of 2018. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2019 was 15.7% as compared to 16.3% in second quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decline in operating margin was driven largely by lower gross margin. GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were $341 million, as compared to $358 million for the second quarter of 2018. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were $288 million, as compared to $318 million in the second quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decline in second quarter operating expenses was driven by aggressive expense control, zero bonus accrual, and the reversals of bonus accrued during the first quarter of 2019. Second quarter free cash flow was $69 million and operating cash flow was $222 million. Capital expenditures during the second quarter were $154 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 11%. We exited the second quarter of 2019 with cash and cash equivalents of $885 million, as compared to $940 million at the end of first quarter of 2019. We used $50 million of cash to repurchase 2.6 million shares of our stock during the second quarter. At the end of the second quarter, days of inventory on hand were 137 days, up by nine days as compared to 128 days in the first quarter of 2019. This increase in inventory was driven primarily by the inclusion of Quantenna’s results for a few days during the second quarter, and by the fair market value step up of Quantenna’s inventory. Had we included Quantenna’s results without fair market value step up for entire second quarter, our days of inventory at the end of the second quarter would have been 132 days, up four days as compared to 128 days in the first quarter. We intend to lower the days of inventory on our balance sheet in the third quarter.  Distribution resales increased meaningfully in the second quarter over the first quarter. Distribution inventory in terms of weeks declined quarter-over-quarter in the second quarter, and is now within our target range of 11 to 13 weeks. We expect to see further reduction in our distribution inventories in terms of days in the third quarter.  As we noted in our previous earnings conference calls, we are aggressively managing our distribution inventory to ensure healthy level of inventory in distribution channel. We believe that in addition to secular growth drivers in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power markets, our proactive management of distribution inventory has been a key reason behind relatively lower level of volatility in our revenue over the last several quarters as compared to volatility in revenue of our peers. Now let me provide you an update on performance of our business units, starting with Power Solutions Group or PSG. Revenue for PSG for the second quarter was $701 million. Revenue for the Analog Solutions Group for the second quarter of 2019 was $462 million and revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group was $185 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. Our execution remains strong, despite demand weakness in the overall semiconductor market. In the second quarter, we delivered strong margin and earning performance despite strong headwinds from geopolitical and macroeconomic factors.  While the near-term business conditions are tepid, the foundation of our business, with exposure to secular megatrends in automotive, industrial and cloud-power end markets remains solid. With strong execution discipline, we are well positioned to navigate through current soft patch in demand. Much anticipated recovery in demand conditions has not materialized yet, but current booking trends point towards stabilization of demand trends. Based on commentary from our distribution partners, it appears that ongoing inventory correction in the distribution channel should be nearly complete by the end of the third quarter or early fourth quarter.  While we have a strong visibility into the distribution channel, geopolitical and macroeconomic factors are difficult to forecast. No matter what direction business conditions take, we are well prepared to respond in an expeditious manner. Despite the current slowdown in demand, we continue to make prudent investments to strengthen our competitive position and to further improve our industry leading cost structure. During the second quarter, we announced the completion of our acquisition of Quantenna Communications, a provider of market leading connectivity semiconductor solutions for Wi-Fi. We believe that connectivity capability is a primary requirement for success in the industrial IoT market.  As we have announced earlier, we intend to leverage Quantenna’s market leading connectivity capabilities to gain technological leadership in the connectivity market for industrial IoT. At the same time, we will continue to invest in Quantenna to grow its carrier business. Current customer feedback has been very positive and customers are excited about the benefits of the combined of technical, financial, and market resources of Quantenna and ON Semiconductor will bring to them. Integration of Quantenna is on track, and the teams are working on product roadmaps and on achieving synergy targets.  Due to ongoing softness in the semiconductor industry, Quantenna has experienced a slowdown in its business as well, and it is expected to be mildly dilutive in the third quarter. However, as we realize synergies and reduce costs, we expect that Quantenna will deliver targeted accretion. We are also making strong process towards ramping our production at 300 millimeter East Fishkill fab in upstate New York. Process development for porting our power products has started and is progressing at a rapid pace. We are solidly on track to start shipping our first 300 millimeter power products from East Fishkill fab in 2020.  As we have indicated earlier, our 300 millimeter East Fishkill fab accelerates our progress towards our 2022 target model, enables efficiencies in our manufacturing network, and further strengthens our industry leading cost structure. We believe that the ramp of our 300 millimeter production will be a major inflection point in our manufacturing strategy and in our manufacturing cost structure.  Key secular trends driving our business remain intact. Our momentum in our key strategic markets continues to accelerate. We continue to see meaningful increases in our content in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power applications. We believe that automotive, industrial and cloud-power end markets will be among the fastest growing semiconductor end markets for a long time.  In the automotive market, accelerating adoption of electric vehicles and active safety should drive strong growth in our power semiconductor and sensor businesses. In the industrial market, we are seeing strong traction for our power semiconductors, driven by higher power efficiency requirements for industrial systems. In the cloud-power market, we are seeing robust growth for our analog power management products for servers and power semiconductors for 5G infrastructure markets.  The current slowdown in demand, driven by macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, does not change our view on our long-term growth potential. Now I’ll provide details of the progress in our various end markets for second quarter of 2019. Revenue for the automotive market in the second quarter was $434 million and represented 32% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter automotive revenue declined by 5% year-over-year. Asia, including Greater China was the primary contributor to this year-over-year decline.  Weakness in the U.S. and European automotive markets also contributed to this year-over-year decline. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, we saw some stabilization in automotive revenue from Greater China region in the second quarter. We expect that year-over-year decline in China light vehicle production units to moderate in the second half of the current year.  On a global basis, we expect that global light vehicle production in terms of units will decline by 3% to 4% year-over-year in 2019. U.S. and European automotive units will likely decline by 2% to 3% range year-over-year in 2019. We continue to see a strong adoption of our products in vehicle electrification, active safety, and in various analog power management applications, and our content in automotive applications continues to grow.  Content in applications such as EV/HEV, LED lighting, and in-vehicle network is growing in a meaningful manner. We are seeing strong customer interest for our silicon carbide products, and our customer engagement is growing worldwide.  Customer interest in our silicon carbide modules for traction invertors and on-board chargers has been very strong, and we are engaged with many customers for their upcoming EV platforms.  Demand for our silicon-based power products for vehicle electrification continues to accelerate, and we are seeing strong growth in our power MOSFET business. In the current quarter, we are starting pre-production of high-voltage IGBT modules to support customer ramps in the fourth quarter and in 2020. In ADAS applications, momentum for our sensor products continues to grow. We continue to gain traction with our portfolio of automotive image sensor products and customers are increasingly relying on us to provide them with a complete product suite for automotive applications.  As I have indicated before, we are the only provider of automotive image sensors with a complete portfolio of 1 megapixel, 2 megapixel and 8 megapixel image sensors. Adoption of rear and surround view cameras, as well as increased volumes from Level 2 and 3 ADAS and autonomous vehicle systems continues to be a catalyst for growth.  We continue to grow strategic engagements for automotive radar products and we have delivered first evaluation samples to our customers. Our analog power management products for ADAS, instrument clusters, as well as in-vehicle networking solutions continue to grow at a healthy rate.  Growth within our advanced lighting power management and LED driver solutions continues to be strong globally. Revenue in the third quarter for the automotive end market is expected to be slightly up quarter-over-quarter as opposed to seasonality of sequential decline in revenue. The industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace, and medical, contributed revenue of $363 million in the second quarter. The industrial end-market represented 27% of our revenue in the second quarter. Year-over-year, our second quarter industrial revenue declined by 12%. Greater China region has been the primary source of weakness in the industrial market, but we have recently seen stabilization in business trends. We believe that our product offerings for increased power efficiency requirements for the industrial systems will allow us to take advantage of the secular megatrends ahead. We continue to see increased momentum with our mid and high voltage power semiconductor products such as FETs and IGBTs, and modules in the industrial end market.  We continue to see strength in the China solar market with our power modules and IGBTs, and our breadth of customer engagements in China continues to expand. Within industrial, we are gaining traction in medical with our Bluetooth low-energy products. Our technology and design expertise is well recognized by our customer base, and we expect strong growth in the future. We continue to see strong demand for our products in implantable devices, personal diagnostics and in hearing health market. Revenue in the third quarter for the industrial end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter, due to normal seasonality and ongoing softness in the industrial end market. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $248 million in the second quarter. The communications end market represented 18% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter communications revenue increased by 7% year-over-year. Much of the year-over-year increase was driven by strength in 5G ramp.  Smartphone related revenue in the second quarter was also up year-over-year. We did not have meaningful revenue from Quantenna in the second quarter as the acquisition closed on June 19th. As noted earlier, our 5G related revenue in the second quarter was disrupted as we halted shipments to a major customer in accordance with U.S. federal law. We have now resumed partial shipments to this customer in accordance with U.S. law. Despite near-term uncertainty, current engagement with our customers points to meaningful deployment rates for 5G systems in the near to mid-term. On the smartphone front, our revenue grew year-over-year. We expect to see increase in our content in new platforms slated for launch later this year. Revenue in the third quarter for the communications end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to launch of new smartphone platforms, and inclusion of Quantenna’s results for a full quarter. The computing end market contributed revenue of $139 million in the second quarter. The computing end market represented 10% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter computing revenue declined by 7% year-over-year. However, our server business posted very solid growth on a year-over-year basis during the second quarter. We are seeing a temporary pause in our servers business in the current quarter as customers adjust their inventory levels. In future generations of server platforms, we expect meaningful increase in our content. Revenue in the third quarter for our computing end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to the decline in our client and server businesses. The consumer end market contributed revenue of $164 million in the second quarter. The consumer end market represented 12% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter consumer revenue declined by 21% year-over-year. The year-over-year decline was due to continuing broad-based weakness in consumer electronics and white goods markets, and our selective participation in these markets. Revenue in the third quarter for the consumer end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. In summary, thus far in the current downturn, cyclicality in our revenue and margins has been lower than that of our peer group. Our performance speaks to the transformed nature of our business, and our focus on highly differentiated power, analog, sensor and connectivity products for the automotive, industrial, and cloud-power end markets.  We are seeing stabilization in business trends in our key markets. However, demand continues to be sub-seasonal as macroeconomic and geopolitical factors continue to weigh on end demand. We believe that ongoing distribution inventory correction should be nearly complete by the end of the third quarter or early fourth quarter of 2019.  Despite current weakness in the business trends across the industry, secular megatrends driving our business remain intact, and we are upbeat about our medium to long-term prospects. We are focused on the fastest growing end markets of the semiconductor industry. And with our design wins, we expect that our content in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power applications will continue to grow.  To adjust to slowing macroeconomic environment, we are prudently managing our business with sharp focus on controlling expenses. Our operational execution remains solid. Now, I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.355 billion to $1.405 billion in the third quarter of 2019. For the third quarter of 2019, we expect GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 35.2% to 36.2%, and non-GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 36.7% to 37.7%. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $349 million to $369 million.  Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be $34 million to $38 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $315 million to $331 million in the third quarter. The quarter-over-quarter increase in operating expenses for the third quarter over those of the second quarter is driven primarily by the inclusion of Quantenna’s results for the full quarter, process transfer costs related to the 300 millimeter fab at East Fishkill, annual merit increase, and the absence of bonus reversal, which significantly lowered second quarter operating expenses.  We expect to see meaningful decrease in Quantenna related operating expenses as we realize targeted synergies, and reduce costs. Offsetting increase in the third quarter operating expenses are savings resulting from tight operating expense control. We anticipate third quarter of 2019 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $38 million to $41 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $29 million to $31 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in the third quarter of 2019 is expected to be $11 million to $15 million. We expect total capital expenditure of $125 million to $135 million in the third quarter of 2019. We also expect share-based compensation of $21 million to $23 million in third quarter of 2019, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the third quarter of 2019 is expected to be 414 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And Chris, please open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore : As my first, one for Keith. I know you guys are guiding to the basically the same sort of sub-seasonality by about 5 points as everybody else. But last quarter, you talked about an improvement in bookings that gave you confidence in the back half. Now you're talking more about a stabilization and you think the inventory corrections can be done at the end of this quarter and next. I guess what changed quarter-over-quarter, is it just the obvious trade war tensions rising? And what gives you the confidence that the projection this time is something that you're willing to make after last time proving too optimistic?
Keith Jackson: Yes, I think without question two things happened during the second quarter. The geopolitical piece was much more pronounced than anticipated. And as the quarter went on, as you are aware, those impacts got more significant. The second piece is, we did see more inventory correction going on than we had anticipated based on backlog trends going into the quarter at some of the OEM sides as well. So the combination weakened during the quarter. And I think that's what led to the results we had.  As we look forward in dialogue with the customers and looking at what's going on geopolitically, things have been stabilizing more. Certainly the biggest impact from U.S. sanctions, we believe we comprehend at this stage which we did not have going into the second quarter. And so, we've got more confidence in what I will call stabilization at this point.
Ross Seymore : That's great. And as my follow up question, one for Bernard, on gross margin and inventory. I know you talked about bringing inventory down in the third quarter. Can you talk a little bit about what that's doing to your gross margin in the near term? And now that we have the GLOBALFOUNDRIES acquisition of 300 millimeter fab as well as the Quantenna acquisition, talk about the pass to the low-40s gross margin target? Does that good expedited? Any sort of updates on the steps we should follow over the next year or so towards that 43% target you laid out at your analyst meeting?
Bernard Gutmann: Sure, Ross, thank you. So inventory corrections in the third quarter -- internal inventory correction is expected to occur but on a mild basis. We don't expect that, that will have a significant impact on our gross margin and as you can see our guidance for overall gross margin is slightly better sequentially than Q2. Definitely the -- both the acquisitions that we announced this quarter of Quantenna and of the phased approach for East Fishkill should be tailwinds that will help us achieve our gross margin target for 2023. So we feel pretty good about those. And we’ll continue with our normal 50% follow through on incremental revenue in the short-term. It’s been a little bit of a headwind. But we expect that to act as the inventory correction in the secular drivers to take course. So we expect that, that will continue also being a significant help.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Chris Danley with Citigroup. Your line is now open. 
Chris Danley: I guess one more question on macro. At least according to Twitter we’ve got another 300 billion in tariffs coming down the pike here in the next month. How do you think that impacts you guys and did your guidance change after the date came or do you think that there could be a little bit of downside out there? 
Keith Jackson: We saw the tweets as well and the reactions to it. I think our belief is that this is comprehended in the guidance that we’ve given. They are tariffs and the tariffs themselves have not been the issue for our revenues so far. What we expect to see is potentially some market share changes from our customers as a result of this. But the overall end markets, I would not expect significant destabilization.
Chris Danley: And then for my follow-up just to drill down on a couple of Ross' questions. So on inventory what's I guess the goal for your internal inventories and when do you think you would get there? And then on OpEx, can we think OpEx to drift down on the dollars basis for the next couple of quarters as you guys start to squeeze some synergies? 
Bernard Gutmann: I mean actually in reverse the -- the OpEx, we expect those to stabilize, and in 2020 come down as we get the benefits of the synergies that we talked about for Quantenna, which we talked about being $26 million, about $16 million of those being in OpEx and about $10 million in COGS. The inventory goal in the mid-term I expect those to come down to about 120 days and right now we are at 132 when you per forma that for Quantenna for the full quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is now open. 
Vijay Rakesh: Just a couple of questions. When you look at the China, so I was just wondering what your content is on orders in general in China now and how do you see the EV market going into next year?
Keith Jackson: On EV we expect continued growth despite the macroeconomic conditions and number of cars sold globally. We expect that percentage to continue to rise and it will be led in China. So we would be expecting some recovery there in China for automotives on that basis. Globally, though, we're not looking for a large pickup in total units of cars sold.
Vijay Rakesh: And in terms of content in China?
Keith Jackson: From a content perspective, for the electric vehicles, it’s up to about $400 per battery car. And then if you move to a Level 2 ADAS systems, you get another $150 per car from a year-on-year basis. So pretty significant content changes.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And you’ve talked about Quantenna’s contribution in the September quarter and I assume that’s again well above your corporate today, right? Thanks.
Bernard Gutmann: So Quantenna, we are not disclosing the details, we normally don't disclose customers or individual sub-end markets. It will be integrated within our ASG Group. And we believe we're on track with the synergy and the integration plans. And as we mentioned in the call, the market for Wi-Fi has also suffered the same weaknesses on the macroeconomic and inventory corrections. And therefore, we talked about being a mildly dilutive in the third quarter, but on plan with the long-term plans.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open. 
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I'm curious how you're managing utilization in Q3? And now what will help gross margins recover from here? Will it be an improvement in mix? Are there any other operational things that you are putting in place? It was good to see gross margins kind of hold in there in Q2. But I'm just wondering what are the drivers from hereon to your longer term goals?
Bernard Gutmann: The same ones that we have elaborated in the Analyst Day for the long-term. The mix effect, the follow through on the incremental revenue, manufacturing cost savings, and some divestitures in small scale. And we also talked about the two different -- the two acquisitions we just closed in this quarter. Quantenna should be accretive to gross margin and so should the East Fishkill acquisition.  In the short-term, we also take the normal practical cost reductions more in-sourcing and tighten the belt just on discretionary spend even at the COGS level. And that should also help us shore up the numbers in the short-term. 
Vivek Arya: And then on the computing business for Q3, I believe Keith you mentioned that it could be down. I'm trying to reconcile that with stabilization in the PC market and just the growth, because a new CPU is coming out in Q3. Could you give us a sense of where you're seeing the headwind, is it more on the unit side, is it more on the content side in your computing business? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yes, it is definitely related to units and definitely has some of the macroeconomic impacts. One of the things we do believe is that the Q2 numbers had some significant amounts of ship aheads over the concern with tariffs being imposed and increased. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Stoss with Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open. 
Anthony Stoss: Most of questions were asked, but maybe you can provide more color on the size or expected size of the silicon carbide business in '19 and where do you see it go for 2020? And also just to be clear, your comments related to Huawei that you have more visibility, does that include your ability to ship to the comm side? Thanks. 
Keith Jackson: Taking the last one first, I think we do have more visibility and our ability to ship into the comms pieces of that. Clearly there is still impact on the 5G portion but the handset business seems to be an area that can be shipped. So more clarity on Huawei at the stage and of course we are applying for further exemptions as you would expect. From a silicon carbide perspective, we do see that continuing to grow at an extremely rapid pace. We're not expecting ‘19 to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars, but certainly towards a triple-digit millions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Please go ahead..
Matt Ramsay: Yourselves and other companies obviously with the automotive challenges in the industry have given a little bit more color specifically on the market in China. I wonder if you guys might sort of remind us what percentage of your automotive business is China consumed today roughly and just how that business might be trending differently than some of the business in automotive outside of China? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Well trend-wise actually I mentioned that we’re seeing a stabilization. That market took a pretty steep double-digit drop on a year-over-year basis globally. And so, it's a very significant and most significant action on a worldwide automotive basis. We think that China overall, when you look at the numbers, contributes around 25% or so of total automotive. That is an estimate because clearly we ship things to other parts of the world that are still being imported in China but roughly a quarter.
Matt Ramsay: And as a follow-up from us. You had mentioned Keith in your commentary that the customer feedback around the content and deal was quite strong. And I wonder if you might elaborate on that and what particular verticals or what type of customer engagement there’s been in discussions since you closed the deal that might shed the light on where you're going with that technology stack? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So their existing customer base, as you aware basically, is the ones that we would have been referencing there. They are looking at I guess more assured supply, having a stronger financial backing there, from the span out piece we've been talking to industrial IoT customers about our plans to expand offerings into that portion of the business and they’ve also been quite excited by taking some high-performance solutions and combining it with the rest of our IoT solutions. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Your line is now open. 
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jameson calling in for Ambrish. So first I was wondering if you guys could comment on your lead times in power, where they are now versus the peak? And also what are they doing compared to normal levels? 
Keith Jackson: Our lead times still continue to be kind of mid-teens. This is down definitely from a year ago levels by four or five weeks, and slightly longer than what we would call normal for the industry, as there's still some constraints in our power business. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks. And then my follow up is regarding your East Fishkill fab. I was wondering with the lower demand that you guys are seeing, does this affect any ramp of any sort there? Do you plan on just point things in or pushing things out given the increased supply that you’ll have from there? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: No, it doesn't change any of our expectations there. We're still moving full steam ahead. As I mentioned earlier on the EV trends, the automotive trends and the 5G trends, we're expecting significant and continued growth in those power businesses next year. So there is no changes anticipated there. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from a line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. Thanks very much for taking the questions. First question is related to pricing, in prior calls I think the company commented?
Bernard Gutmann: Pricing in general terms, we still are seeing a pretty benign environment as compared to what we've seen previous years. So no change from that.
Keith Jackson: Yes, I think we lost him. 
Parag Agarwal: Chris, can you move on to the next caller, please? 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is now open. 
Tristan Gerra : Hi, good morning. In terms of Quantenna being impacted by the macro trend, was there also any company-specific events such as any share loss that would have impacted revenue for Quantenna versus your prior expectation? And also if you could quantify perhaps the EPS dilution that you expect from Quantenna in the quarter?
Keith Jackson: So as I mentioned, we did visit all of Quantenna's customers since the acquisition. And without exception, they have all cited softness in their business and no share loss of any kind. On the earnings per share, like we said, there’s not meaningful contribution in quarter three. 
Tristan Gerra: Okay, great. And then could you comment on your utilization rates that's embedded in your Q3 guidance?
Keith Jackson: Yes, they're low 70s. It should be very similar to Q2.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from a line of Christopher Rolland with SIG. Your line is now open. 
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. In your opinion and in comparison to others, why do you think it took so much longer for your justice to start making these inventory adjustments here? Was it -- do you think it was the long lead times that you guys had or are there some more market specific issues or end product specific issues that do you guys have at others don’t? 
Keith Jackson: I do believe mix is a contributor to sort of behaviors there. Companies with more power content have seen less of the corrections and seen it later. 
Christopher Rolland: Understood. And maybe you guys can talk about cycle times and if you expect the lead times to approach cycle times, is that something you are contemplating in this down cycle or not? 
Keith Jackson: On a product basis, you certainly have seen a narrowing of the gap between manufacturing cycle times and lead times; don't normally collapse inside our manufacturing lead times in good markets or bad. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley FBR. Your line is now open. 
Craig Ellis : Yes. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to pose a couple of intermediate term questions on a few of the end markets. Keith, as you look at automotive, nice to see it growing in the third quarter. Do you sense the underlying dynamics in that business content gains out-rising EV quotient et cetera, meaning that this is an inflection quarter where we could be back to sustained growth or are there some headwinds coming in the fourth quarter that would mean it's more bouncing along the bottom?
Keith Jackson: In terms of units sold, we don't see a significant improvement in the fourth quarter globally. We're not looking for that. We do think that the number of models adopting EV and the number of models adopting Level 2 ADAS will be increasing for the 2020 car model years. And so, we should see that offset even flat or slightly down in Q4 total unit numbers. So we are expecting a return to growth as you exit this year.
Craig Ellis : That’s helpful. And then the follow-up is on cloud-power. So it sounds like the base station business is getting some strong traction. Server isn't helping just because of ship aheads. The first part of the question is, when do you think those will both be working in your favor? And on base stations specifically, as you interact with their customers, what are the unit numbers for base station builds that they are talking about for this year and next year? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: When we talk to growth, we -- over 60% growth year-over-year in those cloud-power and applications. And so, yes, very, very significant growth. We don't actually have any units I can give you specifically in the forecast however. 
Craig Ellis : And timing on when server can help cloud-power?
Keith Jackson: I’m expecting that to be certainly as we enter 2020. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Raji Gill with Needham and Company. Your line is now open. 
Raji Gill : A question on automotive. If we assume auto continues to grow in Q4, it looks like the segment will be down about less than 2%. I think you had indicated that overall light vehicle production is going to decline 3% to 4%. So I just wonder if you could give a sense, is that kind of roughly what you are expecting and how does that gets reconciled with dollar content gains in power and ADAS, if it is the case of your slight improvement over the unit decline, not as great, so just I would like to get some color on that?
Keith Jackson: So again, I think it really is the on-content story there, not the units. The other piece of what you've seen so far this year is inventory correction at the suppliers to the automobile industry. So the units themselves can be down 2%, 3% or whatever, but the inventory piece, the inventory correction piece contributes to the rest. And as I mentioned before, I do expect as we get into Q4, the additional content story will take over and you'll see continued growth for us. 
Raji Gill : That's helpful. So my follow up question, you talked about booking trends pointing towards stabilization. Is this mainly based on your distributors, your customers in China who have basically said we’ve finished inventory correction and we're going to at least kind of rebuild slowly. Or just kind of characterize what's driving the stabilization in bookings? And just purely once we're done with inventory correction, we're going to go bounce -- we're going to be bouncing off the bottom from hereon out? Just any insight on that? 
Keith Jackson: Yes, a couple of comments. One, we did mention that we expected continued distribution inventory declines in the third quarter. And we think that will be about the end of it. So it's really not a big just destocking change in attitude. We have seen stabilization actually increases from backlog in China, whereas they were declining pretty rapidly beginning of the year. Those now look to be done with the inventory correction and starting to increase.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur : Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe just a follow-up on that previous question. So on the weaker industrial trends, especially Greater China, you guys starting to see signs of stabilization. Any specific sub-segments where you are starting to see this stabilization, factory automation, building automation, any color here would be great?
Keith Jackson: It's across the board in China, that kind of starting to see the increases there. So no one market stands out.
Harlan Sur : Okay. And then on -- the distribution inventory came down nicely in Q2, will be down again in Q3, resales were up sequentially in June. So relative to, let's say, your flattish guide for Q3 ex-Quantenna, how much are you anticipating resales up sequentially in Q2? It looks like autos would be up. Do you expect industrial resales to be up sequentially as well?
Keith Jackson: We are expecting to see sequential increases in the resales. They will match pretty much the commentary I gave by market. We see normal ramps in communications in the third quarter, we'll see some ramps on the automotive side -- excuse me, but those will be reflecting Q3 extra resales will be reflecting the market commentary.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Harsh Kumar : I wanted to revisit the question on OpEx. As you look to integrate Quantenna, I'm assuming you're September guidance Quantenna OpEx bode into it. How should we think about the sort of synergies picking in? And to what extent do you -- is there a goal that you would give us on a percentage basis with how we should think about on an OpEx basis longer term?
Bernard Gutmann: So our long-term goal for OpEx is the same 21% as we have elaborated in our Analyst Day. We are on track to do the plans for synergies for Quantenna. When we announced Quantenna we talked about synergies being about $26 million, about $16 million of those in OpEx and $10 million in COGS. And that will be coming in and become meaningful in 2020.
Harsh Kumar : Okay. And then for my follow-up, I was curious if you could size how much business you are not able to do with Huawei as you look to get these licenses. If there is any color you could give us on that front that would be helpful?
Bernard Gutmann: We normally don't give any details on specific customers. But as we said in our prepared remarks, we have partially resumed the shipments on to the customers that were affected.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Shawn Harrison : On the commentary about distribution and the inventory corrections, I guess that commentary seem to be a little bit ahead of the more negative tone you had last week. And I was wondering if your inventory corrections maybe ending earlier as a function of the power products you sell being in higher demand or managing inventories a little bit more aggressively than others?
Keith Jackson: Yes. As I mentioned, certainly mix has an impact on what goes on there, but we've also talked over the quarters about how we have a little better control system and much better visibility. So reacting appropriately and never getting too overstocked is also a piece of that equation.
Shawn Harrison : And then as a follow-up if I may. Bernard, free cash generation this year is probably a little bit light versus typical curve. Maybe you could talk about how you would expect to see free cash flow generation in the second half of the year?
Bernard Gutmann: Typically, if you look at seasonality of our free cash flow, it is back-end loaded, typically in the third and even more meaningful in the fourth quarter. So we expect to see some catch-up playing throughout the rest of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso : Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Just a question, following up on distributor resale. And, obviously, you and everyone else are reporting on a sell-in basis now. Can you help us to quantify how much the distribution inventory reduction has been a headwind in the second quarter and what's contemplated in your third quarter guidance, how significant is that?
Keith Jackson: So in both quarters there is significant reduction contemplated. And I don't know that we're giving specific numbers there, Chris. But certainly they are meaningful and we expect leaving the third quarter to be toward the lower end of our normal operating guidance for just the inventory.
Chris Caso : Right. As a follow-up then, any comments about how we should look about -- look at December. And obviously, there's a lot of moving pieces on the macro. But with what you said on distribution inventory, I suppose that would be a tailwind as sell-in and sell-out converge. Any other things we should be thinking about with respect to December?
Keith Jackson: We only give guidance one quarter at a time, but I would reiterate that we expect the distribution inventory correction to be largely over in Q3 of this year.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach : Yes. Thank you. A question for Keith on autos and understanding it's a very challenging backdrop, particularly in China. But it's also unusual in the quarter that's reported to see a big delta. And so, if you can just give some color in terms of this cycle. What you're seeing from kind of Tier 1 suppliers and OEMs and how they may be managing inventory that led to a much bigger drag in Q2?
Keith Jackson: Yes. Our lot of dialog occurred there, as you might have expected, and I do believe that many of the auto suppliers remained more optimistic longer than I have seen in the past, and then decided to take some fairly decisive inventory corrections as they got through the second quarter. So from my perspective, that's what's different this Q2 versus any of the others we've experienced.
Craig Hettenbach : Got it. And then just a quick follow-up, you've commented about distribution inventory and expectations into Q3, any thoughts from an OEM perspective. I know that's been a little bit of a drag as well, but just how you see OEM inventory into Q3?
Keith Jackson: Again, this is more qualitative than quantitative as we talk to our customer base and particularly, in the auto sector. We think they are largely going to be corrected at around this same time into Q3 to beginning of Q4.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Parag Agarwal for any further remarks.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences during the quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ON Semiconductor First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Parag Agarwal, VP of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Chris. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's first quarter 2019 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website, at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast, along with our earnings release for the first quarter of 2019, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end-markets, business segments, geographies, channels and share count are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words "believe," "estimate," “project,” "anticipate," "intend," “may,” "expect,” “will,” "plan," "should" or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the first quarter of 2019. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other factors, except as required by law. During the second quarter, we will attend Bank of America Technology Conference in San Francisco on June 4th. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of first quarter 2019 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Our first quarter results demonstrate our solid execution on the operations front in face of slowing business conditions. Secular trends driving our business remain intact, and we are well positioned to capitalize on these secular trends to deliver strong revenue and margin performance. Mid to long-term outlook for our business remains strong, and our design win pipeline in our key strategic markets, which include automotive, industrial, and cloud-power continues to grow. Despite near-term headwinds, we remain upbeat about our future. During the first quarter, we saw sub-seasonal trends across most geographies and end-markets, and these trends have continued into the second quarter. However, based on recent data, we expect to see improving business trends in the second half of 2019. Keith will provide further details on current business trends in his prepared remarks. We are managing our business prudently to adjust to this near-term slowdown. We have taken measures to control our operating expenses in line with relatively soft business conditions. We believe that a highly diversified customer base, exposure to the fastest growing semiconductor end-markets, and long life cycle of many of our products should help us better navigate the current slowdown in demand as compared to broader analog and power semiconductor industry. While we are seeing some softness in business conditions in the near-term, we are continuing to invest to strengthen and build our leadership in key strategic markets, and to improve our cost structure. In the first quarter, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Quantenna Communications, which we believe will strengthen our presence in connectivity applications for industrial and automotive end-markets. We also recently announced our plans to add the first 300 millimeter fab to our manufacturing network in a phased transaction over the next four years. The addition of this fab in a staged process should accelerate our progress towards our 2022 target financial model, enable savings of approximately $1 billion in capital expenditure over the next several years, and provide sufficient capacity to support our long-term growth at highly competitive cost structure. Now, let me provide you additional details on our first quarter 2019 results. Total revenue for the first quarter of 2019 was $1.387 billion, an increase of 1% as compared to revenue of $1.378 billion in the first quarter of 2018. First quarter 2019 revenue included the contribution of $18 million for ON Semiconductor Aizu, also known as OSA. Excluding the impact of OSA, our first quarter 2019 revenue declined by 1% year-over-year. As we announced earlier, OSA is our manufacturing joint venture for an 8-inch wafer fab in Aizu-Wakamatsu, Japan. GAAP net income for the first quarter was $0.27 per diluted share as compared to $0.37 -- $0.31 in the first quarter of 2018. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $0.43 per diluted share as compared to $0.40 in the first quarter of 2018. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the first quarter was 37%. On a year-over-year basis, our first quarter 2019 GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin declined by 60 basis points, of which 50 basis points was due to the impact of OSA. Our GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2019 was 12.9%, as compared to 13.5% in the first quarter of 2018. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2019 was 15.5% as compared to 15.7% in the first quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decline in operating margin was driven largely by the impact of OSA. GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were $334 million, as compared to $332 million for the first quarter of 2018. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were $299 million, as compared to $301 million in the first quarter of 2018. First quarter free cash flow was negative $19 million, and operating cash flow was $138 million. Capital expenditures during the first quarter were $157 million, which equates to a capital intensity of 11%. We expect capital intensity for 2019 to be approximately 9% of revenue. We exited the first quarter of 2019 with cash and cash equivalents of $940 million, as compared to $1.070 billion at the end of the fourth quarter 2018. We used $75 million of cash to repurchase 4.4 million shares of our stock in the first quarter. As a result of the acquisition activity in the first quarter, we have paused our share repurchase program. At the end of the first quarter, days of inventory on hand were 128 days, up by 8 days as compared to 120 days in the first -- fourth quarter of 2018. Distribution inventory in terms of weeks increased quarter-over-quarter in the first quarter, and is now slightly higher than our target range of 11 to 13 weeks. We expect to see reduction in our distribution inventories in the second quarter. The increase in weeks of distribution inventory in the first quarter was driven largely by softer than expected demand. Now let me provide you an update on performance of our business units, starting with Power Solutions Group, or PSG. Revenue for PSG for the first quarter was $704 million. Revenue for the Analog Solutions Group for the first quarter of 2019 was $494 million, and revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group was $188 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. Our execution momentum remains solid, despite relatively soft market conditions. We delivered strong margin and earnings performance, even in face of a slowdown in demand from most geographies and end-markets. With our exposure to secular megatrends in automotive, industrial and cloud-power end-markets, strong operating expense discipline, and solid execution on operations front, we are well positioned to navigate through current slowdown in market conditions. Furthermore, based on current order trends, distribution sell-through trends and macroeconomic data, we expect business conditions to improve in the second half of the year, and we remain upbeat about our mid to long-term prospects. With our planned acquisitions of Quantenna Communications and GLOBALFOUNDRIES’s 300 millimeter fab in East Fishkill, New York, we are making prudent investments to strengthen our market leadership and significantly improve our marketing cost -- manufacturing cost structure. Key megatrends driving our business remain intact and our customers are increasingly relying on us as a strategic partner for key technologies to enable major disruptive trends in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power end-markets. In the automotive market, accelerating adoption of electric vehicles and active safety should drive strong growth in our power semiconductor and sensor businesses. In the industrial market, we are seeing strong traction for our power semiconductors, driven by higher power efficiency requirements for industrial systems. In cloud-power market, we are seeing robust growth for our analog power management products for servers and power semiconductors for 5G infrastructure markets. Let me now comment on the business environment. Business conditions continue to be soft across most end-markets and geographies. However, we are seeing signs that point towards improving business trends in the second half of the year. Thus far, orders for the second half of the year have shown strong recovery, and we have seen meaningful improvement in distribution sell-through in recent weeks. From a geographical perspective, China, which has been source of weakness in recent quarters, appears to be improving. Business conditions in other geographies have been sub-seasonal recently, but we believe that the softness is temporary. We expect to see improving business conditions in the second half of the year as customers adjust their inventory levels in line with demand outlook. On the supply side, we are seeing broad-based inventory reduction by OEMs, even though inventories at OEMs appear to be at healthy levels. We believe that much of inventory correction by OEMs should be complete in the second quarter. On the distribution front, although anecdotal data from the comments from distributors point to elevated semiconductor inventory levels, we believe that our inventory at distributors is at very healthy levels. As Bernard indicated earlier, our distribution inventory was slightly higher than our normal range at the end of the first quarter, but we expect to reduce our distribution inventories in the second quarter. Now I’ll provide details of the progress in our various end-markets for the first quarter of 2019. Revenue for the automotive market in the first quarter was $465 million and represented 34% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter automotive revenue grew by 4% year-over-year. In the first quarter, we continued to see significant weakness in China market in automotive. We were seeing some softness in the second quarter in automotive demand from other regions, including Americas, Europe and Japan. We believe that the current softness will be short-lived as global OEMs and tier-1s adjust their inventories in-line with slowing global automotive market. We expect to see improvement in demand for our automotive products in the second half of the year. Despite softness in automotive market conditions, our design-win pipeline in automotive market continues to grow at a solid pace. Our content in automotive applications continues to grow, and we are seeing strong adoption of our products in vehicle electrification, active safety, LED lighting, in-vehicle networking, and in various analog power management applications. We are seeing strong momentum for our power products, especially MOSFETs, traction IGBTs, high power modules, and gate drivers in vehicle electrification with OEMs and tier-1s, worldwide. We expect start of production ramp of our design wins in multiple electric vehicle platforms in 2020. Customer response to our Silicon Carbide products has been very strong. We are also seeing strong traction for our power products in 12 volt and 48 volt electrical systems. In ADAS applications, our momentum continues to accelerate. We are seeing strong interest from customers in our broad portfolio of automotive image sensor products. Recall that we are the only provider of automotive image sensors with complete portfolio of 1 megapixel, 2 megapixel and 8 megapixel image sensors. The breadth of our portfolio has enabled us to secure many design wins from leading global OEMs and tier-1s. We continue to make progress in our automotive radar development platform and we expect our first radar related revenue in 2021. On the analog power management front, we continue to make progress on our power management programs for automotive processors. We are engaged with all leading processor providers for automotive applications. We are also seeing strong traction for our LED drivers and lighting applications. Revenue in the second quarter for the automotive end-market is expected to be slightly down, as opposed to seasonally higher sequential revenue. Weaker than seasonal growth in our automotive business is driven primarily by softness in the global automotive market. The Industrial end-market, which includes military, aerospace, and medical, contributed revenue of $359 million in the first quarter. The Industrial end-market represented 26% of our revenue in the first quarter. On a year-over-year basis, our first quarter industrial revenue declined by 5%. Greater China region has been the primary source of weakness in the industrial market. While we are seeing weakness in the industrial market, largely due to softness in China, we believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on the secular trend of increased power efficiency requirements for industrial systems. We continue to see strong traction for our power semiconductor products and modules in the industrial end-market, and our customer engagements continue to expand. Within Industrial, medical was an area of solid strength in the first quarter. We are seeing strong traction for our products in implantable devices, personal diagnostics and hearing health market. Revenue in the second quarter for the industrial end-market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter, as opposed to seasonally higher sequential revenue. Weaker than seasonal growth in our industrial business is driven primarily by softness in the Greater China market. The Communications end-market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $259 million in the first quarter. The communications end-market represented 19% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter communications revenue increased by 15% year-over-year. Much of the year-over-year increase was driven by strength in 5G ramp. Smartphone related revenue in the first quarter was also up year-over-year. We are seeing strong ramp in our power products in 5G infrastructure market. We expect this ramp to accelerate in 2019 with increasing 5G deployments in a few parts of the world. Current indication from our customers points to better than expected rate of deployment for 5G systems in near-term. As we indicated earlier, our power content in 5G infrastructure systems is many times that in 4G systems. Furthermore, our participation in 5G systems is expected to be significantly higher than our participation rate in 4G systems. On the smartphone front, we saw significant decline in revenue quarter-over-quarter, although our revenue grew year-over-year. Revenue in the second quarter for the communications end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to continuing ramp in our 5G business. The Computing end-market contributed revenue of $144 million in the first quarter. The computing end-market represented 10% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter computing revenue grew by 1% year-over-year. The year-over-year growth was driven primarily by strength in our server business. We expect growth in our server business to continue in 2019, although we expect moderation in growth rate as compared to that in 2018. In future generations of server platforms, we expect meaningful increase in our content. Revenue in the second quarter for computing end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality and continuing strength in our server business. The consumer end-market contributed revenue of $160 million in the first quarter. The consumer end-market represented 12% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter consumer revenue declined by 15% year-over-year. The year-over-year decline was due to broad based weakness in consumer electronics and white-goods segment, and our selective participation in certain areas of consumer electronics market. Revenue in the second quarter for the consumer end-market is expected to be flat quarter-over-quarter. In summary, business conditions continue to be sub-seasonal. Based on macroeconomic data from various regions of the world, we don’t expect a prolonged slowdown in our business, and we expect to see growth in the second half of the current year. Despite current weakness in businesses trends across the industry, secular megatrends driving our business remain intact, and we are upbeat about our medium to long-term prospects. We have established leadership in highly differentiated power, analog, and sensor semiconductor solutions, and we believe that customers are increasingly relying on us as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly emerging and disruptive applications in automotive, industrial, and cloud-power end-markets. To adjust to slowing macroeconomic environment, we are prudently managing our business with sharp focus on controlling expenses. Our operational execution remains solid. Now, I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in range of $1.36 billion to $1.41 billion in the second quarter of 2019. Included in our second quarter revenue guidance is approximately $15 million revenue from the manufacturing services provided by OSA. For second quarter of 2019, we expect gross margin to be in range of 36.5% to 37.5%. Our second quarter gross margin guidance includes the negative impact of approximately 40 basis points from manufacturing services provided by OSA. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $322 million to $340 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be $27 million to $31 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $295 million to $309 million in the second quarter. We anticipate second quarter of 2019 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $31 million to $34 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $22 million to $24 million. Cash paid for income tax in the second quarter of 2019 is expected to be $12 million to $16 million. We expect total capital expenditure of $140 million to $150 million in the second quarter of 2019. We expect capital intensity to subside in the second half of the year, and for 2019 we expect capital intensity of 9%. We also expect share based compensation of $26 million to $28 million in the second quarter of 2019, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the second quarter of 2019 is expected to be 414 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and please open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Chris Danley with Citi. Your line is now open.
Chris Danley: Hey, thanks guys. So this is still little on the weak side. Would you say business has gotten, I guess, any worse than it was three months ago or is it basically stayed at the same level?
Keith Jackson: No, it's actually improving here in the month of April, noticeably better than it was in the first quarter. And so definitely improving trend.
Chris Danley: Okay. Thanks, Keith. And then as my follow-up, any commentary on lead times, anything changing there?
Keith Jackson: I think lead times will be stable for a while. Our power lead times remain extended, but everything else is in normal range.
Chris Danley: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Thanks, guys. Keith, I wanted to ask about the cycle side of the equation. If I just compared your transcript of your prepared comments from last quarterly call to this quarterly call, both of them express confidence about near-term bookings getting better, but yet the second quarter guidance is still weak. I know you just said April got better, but could you give us a little more color on why you’re confident in the second half of the year? And maybe specifically on the automotive and industrial side, given the importance of those especially given that those were weaker and especially industrial, I guess, in the quarter and the guidance expected to go down again.
Ross Seymore: Yes, we point to several things. One, resales and distribution have picked up significantly in April. So that is much different trend than we had going on in Q1. From the automotive side, specifically the inventory correction is going on in our direct customers. We can tell that because their orders for Q1 and into Q2 were much less than the automotive resales. So we are seeing orders now being placed by that direct channel out into Q3 and picking up nicely. So overall we are seeing big pick up in bookings for the second half and more current activity in our distribution channel.
Ross Seymore: Great. And then for my follow-up one for you, Bernard, on the OpEx side. You guys did a great job in the quarter coming in low and you’re holding it flat in the second quarter. Is that just cyclical belt tightening, which would be understandable given where revenues are? Is there something more structural about that and any sort of color on your full-year outlook of how you’re going to handle OpEx?
Bernard Gutmann: We have definitely been prudent in our deployment of OpEx and have taken some belt tightening in cost reduction items. We also modulate our variable comp based on business results, so there is also some impact of that. So for the year, we expect it still be prudent in, in terms of our approach towards that. So I expect the -- a good set of numbers.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Actually I had two as well. Keith, you mentioned you were starting to see some distributor resale activity pickup. Can you help us quantify what that rate of growth or decline was in Q1? What are you seeing now and importantly where do you see distribution inventory exiting Q2?
Keith Jackson: So going in to Q1 or the Q1 data set that are resales and our sell-in distribution were approximately the same. And as we’ve entered April, there's a significant increase in the resales above our ship-ins in double-digit percentage range.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And as my follow-up, maybe Bernard one for you on cash generation. Q1 was somewhat lower, I imagine because of seasonal and macro trends, but how are you thinking about the recovery from here and any comments on how we should think about the full-year free cash flow outlook? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: So the first quarter is always seasonally low and we’ve also -- its driven by some things like the payment or annual bonus plan always occurs in the first quarter. Second half of the year is always our strong seasonal quarter. So we don’t expect to see any meaningful change from what we have been previously are talking about for our free cash flow generation. And as I -- as we said, we’re also keeping good control in our OpEx, which will also help us fuel that free cash flow generation.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes, hi. Just on the disti inventory comment that you made, I know you said inventories were picked up a little bit. How much of that is because of the industrial weakness that you’re seeing in Greater China? And how do you see that progress through the June quarter? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: Yes, so our inventories did not grow in dollars, they just grew in days as you calculate with the resales. And yes, certainly in Q1, the China industrial portion was a contributor.
Vijay Rakesh: And I know on the compute side your March quarter was up 1% year-on-year. Can you talk about some of the trends you’re seeing there into the back half between content share gains or units picking up? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: Yes, we do expect to see more units as we go forward in the server side of the business this year. The rest of it is apparently very stable.
Vijay Rakesh: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. Thanks very much for taking the questions. I have two as well. One of your competitors, Infineon, reported about a months ago, and at the time they said they expected September quarter revenue to grow, but to be below seasonal. And I guess you have a good month of bookings in April, but I mean as you guys look today are you expecting more seasonal type trends in the second half of the year or just any directional color on 2H, I think will be helpful.
Keith Jackson: We -- yes, we only provide one quarter at a time. And I think it's a little too early to be calling the September quarter right now, but certainly encouraged with the data we’ve had this month.
Mark Delaney: Okay. That’s helpful. And Keith, in your prepared remarks you talked about silicon carbine, seen good momentum there. Can you just comment a bit more on the breadth of customer engagements and wins and how that may translate into revenue over what sort of the timeframe? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yes, we have a broad range of wins in the industrial market, in the automotive market. Geographically that is spread out fairly wide, Europe, North America and Asia with our strongest automotive wins in Asia.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley FBR. Your line is now open.
Craig Ellis: Yes, thanks for taking the question. My first question is regarding the gross margin outlook. Its flat guys, but segment mix seems like it's actually a bit adverse with auto and industrial down. So it seems like there may be some good things happening either on an intra segment basis or company specific activity. What's going on there and how should we think about gross margin potential in the back half of the year?
Keith Jackson: The fundamentals that we talked about at our Analyst Day are still intact, so it's the same drivers basically fall through on incremental revenue mix manufacturing cost savings and some divestiture that will make up the improvement trend over time. In the short-term as you mentioned, we are having a slightly adverse mix impact with growth coming from our less stellar gross margin end markets. But we do have some pretty good control -- cost control measures that will also help shore up the gross margin.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for that. And then, Keith, following up on the base station comments and acceleration getting on the infrastructure side, can you just speak to the breadth of customer activity there? And as you look out through the year, what happens with the progression of that business as we go through 2019? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yes, we have strong wins across all of the players in the telecom infrastructure area and we're expecting that to almost double this year from our content from last year. So very, very significant trends and again its broad-based and across all customers. Relative to the rest of the year, it's kind of contained in my comment on the growth, we are expecting to see it continue to accelerate.
Craig Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Shawn Harrison: Yes, morning. I guess in the context of ON didn't see a lot of pricing tailwinds when the market got tight last year. I’ve seen some stuff of some your competitors maybe on MOSFETs and discretes beginning to lower pricing. Are you seeing that out there as well and does that affect any way the gross margin expectations in the second half of the year as pricing begins to normalize in some of those products?
Keith Jackson: We’re not seeing any pricing declines at all. In fact, it's less than normal right now.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then as a follow-up, the smartphone market, obviously, nice to see it up in the first quarter given the volume challenges. How do you expect kind of maybe smartphone volumes as you move throughout the years? Is this going to be a down market that maybe ON can grow because of content or will you more closely follow kind of the volumes of the market as the year progresses?
Keith Jackson: We certainly have continued content increases and as you know that market is very much back end loaded. So we are expecting to see increase from the first half, but overall total smartphone units we're expecting very flattish year-on-year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland with SIG. Your line is now open.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. So, Keith, I know you guys got one quarter at a time, but last quarter you guys guided for growth year-on-year top line in 2019. And then, I think you guys also talked about gross margin expansion. I was wondering if you guys had any updates for 2019 relative to that?
Keith Jackson: Yes. We are still only doing one quarter at a time. Clearly, the growth of the markets in 2019 is going to be very muted. And so we're not expecting a significant growth in the market this year, but we believe we will be above the industry and our peers.
Christopher Rolland: And then perhaps another follow-up comps. Can you give a rough -- also rough idea of what percent or comps or a dollar amount you think is coming from 5G at this point, and maybe what’s the contribution was in the quarter?
Keith Jackson: I don't have that number right now, sorry Chris.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Ramsay with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Matthew Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good morning. Just a quick one on the data center power business. I just wondered how you guys might have factored into your commentary this morning in the data center space. The pretty sharply revised outlook from Intel last Thursday night and sort of what the design and lead times might be if you have data center power portfolio of products design into two products that that might feature other silicon, whether that’s Nvidia, AMD, Xilinx, any of the other folks that are ramping in that space? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yes, we do have a broad range of power solutions and we are expecting some growth there from a content perspective in total for the year. So, again, I think it's -- it goes beyond just the data center comment you hear from the processor guys, we’ve content gains and we are spread across all of the suppliers.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ari Shusterman with Needham. Your line is now open.
Ari Shusterman: Hello. I’m taking the question for Rajiv Gill. First off, I want to say congratulations on your acquisition of the Fishkill fab and just like moving forward what is your strategic vision when it comes to expanding capacity in 300 millimeter, like any further plans there? How should we think about this expansion? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: That expansion we are very excited about it should fuel our growth for many years. We talked about the opportunity of doing well in north of $2 billion of revenue there. So we think that covers us and that's why we believe we will be able to save CapEx going forward.
Ari Shusterman: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. In terms of China, have you seen any changes in the past few months? Some of your competitors have said there have been some signs stabilization, like any update, any color on that? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yes, the booking trends from China definitely picked up at the end of the first quarter and we are seeing that continue here in the second quarter. So we're encouraged that it may be their inventory correction period is past them.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. First question on consumer, primarily white goods has been weak since 3Q of last year. It's actually one of the first sectors we actually -- where you guys actually start to see the weakness first. It looks like it's flattening out quarter-over-quarter this quarter. Is this one of the areas where you’re seeing improving order and forecast trend as you move into the second half of the year?
Keith Jackson: It is and it is really in China seasonally we do normally see a pickup at this time. And so I would say that market is returning to more normalcy.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for the insights there. And then obviously industrial continues to be impacted by the weakness in Greater China. What have you seen in the other geographies, I’m curious there. And are you seeing the same sort of booking indicators, sell-through trends that also point to a more normalized second half for the industrial sector?
Keith Jackson: Actually we’ve seen what looks to be like a little inventory correction still going on there outside of China. And so our sub seasonal comments in the prepared remarks apply to the global area.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Kevin Cassidy: Thanks for taking my question. I wonder if you could give us a little more detail on what your CapEx spending has been on?
Bernard Gutmann: Our CapEx spending which was 11% in the first quarter, but we’ve said in the prepared remarks the full-year will be 9% is mostly for capacity. I would say, its skewed a little bit more towards the front end capacity this year, but fairly evenly split.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. Your expansion for internal wafer manufacturing is that completed now?
Bernard Gutmann: It is ramping right now and it is from the CapEx spend, mostly completed.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Yes, good morning, guys. Thanks for me ask question. Can you just -- I’m kind of curious the comment about half-on-half-growth in the second half, is that a half-on-half ended year-over-year comment. And an answer to the earlier question, you said that you expect to outgrow an industry that should show little bit of growth. There are some other that thinks the semiconductor industry could actually decline this year. Are you comfortable in full-year growth or is it just too early to tell?
Keith Jackson: Yes. So it's too early to tell, John. My comment is, I think we will outgrow the industry and I actually didn’t give you an industry number. So we're confident about the numbers we're seeing from the design wins and feedback from our customers that we're going to have continued share gain this year. But it's too early for me to call a full-year.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. And then -- but as a follow-up, notwithstanding that margins all its kind of the seasonally slow quarter for free cash flow for some seasonal reasons you did suspend the buyback. Just help us understand use of cash from here and when you might think is the earliest you will be back in the market looking to buy stock.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, we are committed to our $1.5 billion buyback program and as we said, we did $75 million in the first quarter. So that commitment will continue. We will discuss with our Board at the upcoming Board meeting the re-initiation date. But in general, we are committed to continuing with that plan.
John Pitzer: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Your line is now open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Keith, I was just trying to reconcile your comment about OEMs and your confidence about the second half. And maybe I’m missing something, but if OEM inventory is at healthy levels, why are they reducing inventory and does that not mean that they’re seeing a slower demand environment for the back half? And then how do you reconcile that with your confidence for the second half? That is my first. And then I had a quick follow-up.
Keith Jackson: Yes, I think on that we’ve looked at past trends, and particularly the automotive and industrial segments when you do go through a softer market, they over correct. And again we compare the sellout rates from our customers and look at their selling rates to get that. Certainly, there could be some anticipation of softer numbers, but the dialogue that we’ve with them does not indicate that. It does indicate they're trying to work on their cash flows and make sure that they continue to perform on a cash basis.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. And then my follow-up on capacity, I have this concern and I’ve heard it, reflected in my investor conversations is that you were adding capacity and you’re doing it in a measured way, but with your competitors are adding capacity. Just give us some sense of overall industry capacity for discrete and what is it going to look like -- I know you’ve been tight for a while, but the concern is that there could be excess capacity coming on line which could linger on.
Keith Jackson: We certainly are careful and watch that. But we look at the growth rates that we’ve talked about with electric vehicles with the industrial and with the power segment out there for solar and wind etcetera. The capacity that we see coming online over the next few years still looks to me to be a little less than the industry demands. We’ve commented that with all the activity you heard about we continue to have extended lead times in power. So we're actually feeling that we're in pretty good shape.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is now open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi. Good morning. On the manufacturing side, how does the time it takes for you guys to get equipment these days compared with the equipment lead times exiting last year?
Keith Jackson: In some spots its coming a little. Most of the equipment was at a year kind of run rate and some of its now down in 9 or 10 month range, but it's nothing dramatic yet.
Tristan Gerra: Okay, great. And then could you provide color on your utilization rates for the just reported quarter and your expectation for the June quarter?
Keith Jackson: So in the -- it was down in the first quarter in the middle [indiscernible] and we expect that to be about the same in the second quarter.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have an additional follow-up with the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley FBR.
Craig Ellis: Yes, thanks for taking the follow-up question. Typically when I ask about revenues, I focus on the end markets, but Intelligent Sensing did grow quarter-on-quarter at a business unit level. Guys, what’s going on in Intelligent Sensing that’s enabling it to overcome the cyclical pressures that we’re seeing out there?
Keith Jackson: Yes, that continues to be the automotive portion of the business. As you know, we were curtailing the consumer piece due to margin contribution and the automotive piece continues to grow for us. And so that's been a great growth story, but it's all automotive.
Craig Ellis: Thanks, Keith. And then the second question is related to the Quantenna acquisition. It's early days, but I imagine your sales people have been able to gather some feedback from customers on their reaction of the deal. Can you share what you’ve heard thus far with this?
Keith Jackson: Yes. It's been well-received. Customers are looking forward to having a large supplier with the great technologies that content has and so Quantenna and so been very well received so far.
Craig Ellis: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hi, guys. Two questions. First, Keith, if I can ask you for modeling purposes, auto and industrial are both down, but if I had to ask you to sort of venture as to which one would be down more on a percentage basis? And then I had a follow-up.
Keith Jackson: We think automotive will be slightly down to flat, so there's not much change there. Automotive might be down a little more.
Bernard Gutmann: Industrial.
Keith Jackson: Yes, industrial -- excuse me, industrial.
Harsh Kumar: Okay. Industrial, flattish. Got it. And then …
Keith Jackson: No, let me start all over. Automotive is flat to slightly down, industrial is going to be slightly down.
Harsh Kumar: Understood. Thank you for that clarification. And then, so you’re expecting to see reduced inventory in the disti channel. Is that a function of just demand picking up or are you still at this point today actively reducing your selling into the channel.
Keith Jackson: So the answer is we’re seeing resales pick up noticeably and we expect our shipments in to be flat to down.
Harsh Kumar: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso: Yes, hi. Just a -- first question on just what you would consider to be seasonality as you look in the back half of the year with different business mix. What do you consider that to be right now?
Keith Jackson: So I’m not sure the exact question there, but we see all of our businesses picking up in Q3. So generally that is a trend for us across the board.
Bernard Gutmann: So I would say for our general company seasonality with the mix of products we have right now for Q3 is probably in the 4% to 5% and flat for the fourth quarter.
Chris Caso: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you. And just with regard to the GLOBALFOUNDRIES deal, perhaps you could comment a bit on timing and magnitude of the cost and margin benefit you see there. I know that’s -- its a bit of a unique transaction the way that’s structured. Could you be a little more specific on when you see -- you start -- begin to see some benefits from that?
Keith Jackson: We will expect to start seeing benefits from that the middle of next year as we start shipping volumes of products out of there, and then it will grow and increase as we increase the total amount we run in that factory for the next three years.
Chris Caso: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, just wanted to get back to the commentary about inventory and distribution, and the targeted 11 to 13 weeks. So just for Q2 kind of where you expect it to shake out and then how you’re thinking about managing that into the second half of the year?
Keith Jackson: We would be expecting it to get back to normal range in the second quarter. And then we will continue to prudently manage that into the second half. So normally we do see it drop a bit in Q3 as demand picks up and then slightly up in Q4.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today’s question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Parag Agarwal, VP of Corporate Development and Investor Relations for any further remarks. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences during the quarter. Thank you and good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the ON Semiconductor Fourth Quarter 2018 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following management's prepared remarks, we will have a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host, Parag Agarwal, VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Hade. Good morning. And thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's fourth quarter 2018 quarterly conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO, and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast along with our earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2018 will be available on our Web site approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels and share count are also posted on our Web site. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our Web site in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Additional factors are described in our earnings release for fourth quarter of 2018. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other factors except as required by law. As announced earlier, we will host our 2019 Analyst Day on March 8th in Scottsdale, Arizona. If you would like to attend the event and haven’t received an invitation, please let us know. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of fourth quarter 2018 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag. And thank you everyone for joining us today. We delivered yet another quarter of strong financial results despite challenging macroeconomic conditions. Key secular drivers powering our business remain intact, and our execution on operations remains solid as evidenced by margin performance in several quarters. Our design win pipeline in our strategic markets, which include automotive, industrial, and cloud-power, continues to grow and we continue to strengthen our competitive position in those markets. We remain upbeat about our future. Since our last earnings call in November of last year, we have noticed a significant slowdown in demand from Greater China region. This slowdown further accelerated early this year, when we noticed a sharp slowdown in bookings, especially from the distribution channel. This steep decline in bookings has reversed course over the last couple of weeks, and we have seen a modest pick-up. Demand from other geographies appears to be in line with seasonality. Although, weakening macroeconomic conditions could pose challenges based on current macroeconomic outlook, we expect to continue to grow our revenue and expand our margins in the current year. Based on our current outlook, we believe that after greater than seasonal decline in first quarter of 2019, we should grow sequentially in second quarter of 2019. Key megatrends driving growth in our content in automotive, industrial, and cloud power applications remain intact, and we expect to continue to benefit from these trends in foreseeable future. Although, we remain confident in our outlook, we are managing our business prudently to rapidly adjust to slowing macroeconomic growth. We are taking measures to control our expenses and we intend to adjust our working capital in line with our expected revenue. We plan to continue to expand our margin and grow our free cash flow, despite current macroeconomic slowdown. We believe that a highly diversified customer base, exposure to the fastest growing semiconductor end markets, and long life cycle of many of our products, should help us navigate the current slowdown in demand. Our largest customer in 2018 was approximately 5% of our revenue. Now, let me provide you additional details on our fourth quarter 2018 results. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2018 was $1.503 billion, an increase of 9% as compared to revenue of $1.378 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017. Fourth quarter of 2018 revenue included a contribution of $19 million from ON Semiconductor Aizu, also known as OSA. As we announced in our third quarter 2018 earnings call, OSA is our manufacturing joint venture for an 8-inch wafer fab located in Aizu-Wakamatsu, Japan. GAAP net income in our fourth quarter was $0.39 per diluted share as compared to $1.22 in the fourth quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $0.53 per diluted share as compared to $0.39 in the fourth quarter of 2017. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the fourth quarter was 37.9. OSA had negative impact of 50 basis points on our fourth quarter of 2018 gross margin. On a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, our fourth quarter gross margin improved by 40 basis points year-over-year. Again, this year-over-year increase was negatively impacted by 50 basis points by OSA. Another factor negatively impacted our fourth quarter 2018 gross margin on a year-over-year basis has been derived in certain input costs. Our strong year-over-year gross margin performance was driven by solid operational execution and by improving mix. Our GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2018 was 14.8% as compared to 12.2% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Our GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2018 was 16.8% as compared to 15.3% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Our fourth quarter 2018 non-GAAP operating margin was impacted negatively by 20 basis points by OSA. On a year-over-year revenue increase of 9% in the fourth quarter of 2018 and our non-GAAP operating income increased by 20%. This strong operating performance demonstrated the leverage and strength of our operating model. GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $347 million as compared to $349 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $317 million as compared to $305 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Fourth quarter free cash flow was $289 million and operating cash flow was $421 million. For the full year 2018, we generated free cash flow of $759 million as compared to $707 million in 2017. Capital expenditures during the fourth quarter were $132 million, which equates to capital intensity of 9%. Recall that to meet increasing demands for our products and to mitigate the impact of steep rising price of raw wafers, we expect a higher level of capital intensity for the current year. We exited the fourth quarter of 2018 with cash and cash equivalents of $1,070 million as compared to $951 million at the end of the third quarter of 2018. We used $200 million of cash to repurchase 11.5 million shares of our stock in the fourth quarter. At the end of the fourth quarter, days of inventory on hand were 120 days, up by four days as compared to116 days in the third quarter. Distribution inventory in terms of weeks increased quarter over quarter in the fourth quarter, but it is within our range of 11 to 13 weeks. We expect distribution inventories to remain within our normal range of 11 to 13 weeks in the near term. As we indicated earlier, to mitigate the risk of excessive inventory in the channel, we are proactively managing inventory in the distribution channel. We have implemented systems to ensure that distributors can carry more inventory than what is needed to support the 11 to 13 weeks of retail. Now, let me provide you an update on the performance of our business units, starting with Power Solutions Group or PSG. Revenue for PSG for the fourth quarter was $787 million. Revenue for the Analog Solutions Group for the fourth quarter of 2018 was $530 million and revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group was $186 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson, for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. The fourth quarter of 2018 was yet another strong quarter for ON Semiconductor. Despite a meaningful slowdown in demand from the Greater China region, we delivered strong revenue and margin performance. Though the current macro economic outlook has impacted our near-term outlook, we remain upbeat about our mid to long term prospects. We believe that secular trends in our key markets driving our revenue will continue to strengthen and we expect to outgrow the broader Analog and Power Semiconductor Group in a meaningful manner. Our design win pipeline in our strategic markets is growing at a strong pace. Our customer engagements are strengthening and our competitive positioning is improving significantly. As I mentioned earlier, key megatrends driving our business continue to strengthen. In the automotive market, accelerating adoption of electric vehicles and active safety is driving strong growth in our power semiconductor and sensor businesses. In the industrial markets, we are seeing steep growth in our power semiconductor content, driven by higher power efficiency requirements for industrial systems. In the cloud-power market, we are seeing robust growth for our analog power management products for servers and power semiconductors for 5G infrastructure markets. Before I get into details of the fourth quarter, let me highlight the business performance for 2018 and lay out priorities for 2019. 2018 was a strong year for ON Semiconductor and we delivered solid results on all fronts. Our 2018 revenue, excluding OSA, grew by 9% year-over-year. Our 2018 non-GAAP gross margin expanded by 120 basis points year-over-year. We achieved this strong gross margin expansion despite significant year-over-year increases in raw material costs in 2018. Our non-GAAP operating margin expanded by 170 basis points year-over-year. On year-over-year non-GAAP revenue increase of 9%, our non-GAAP operating income increased by 22% in 2018. Our 2018 free cash flow was $759 million as compared to $707 million in 2017. We expect to continue to grow in 2019, although headwinds from slowing macroeconomic environment will likely impact our growth rate. Customers are increasingly relying on us as a key provider of leading-edge power semiconductor, analog and sensing technologies. And we are working diligently to ensure success of our customers. We intend to grow faster than our analog and power semiconductor peer group, driven by our strong momentum in automotive, industrial and cloud power markets. On the margin front, we expect continued expansion in our gross margins in 2019, driven by ongoing operational improvements and improving mix of automotive, industrial and cloud-power related products. Furthermore, we do not expect incremental headwinds from increases in raw-material costs in 2019. On the operating expense front, we intend to tightly manage our expenses in light of changing macroeconomic conditions. Our above industry revenue growth coupled with strong margin performance should result in strong free cash flow generation in 2019. In summary, we intend to deliver solid all-around performance in 2019. Now, let me now comment on the business environment. Since our last earnings announcement in November of last year, we have seen continued softening in demand from Greater China region, with steep decline in order rates across all end-markets. Industrial and consumer end-markets have been especially weak in Greater China region. Decline in demand there is further corroborated by weakening macroeconomic indicators, such as GDP, PMI and export-import data. As Bernard noted in his remarks, in recent days, we have seen stabilization, followed by a modest pickup in bookings from Greater China Region. Demand from other geographies is along historic seasonal trends. We are also experiencing much publicized weakness in global smartphone market. Although, our fourth quarter smartphone related revenue was in-line with expectations. On the supply side, channel inventories are generally healthy. But based on order patterns, it appears that distributors in Greater China Region are aggressively reducing their inventory. We expect that softening macroeconomic conditions will have an impact on our near-term growth outlook. However, based on current macroeconomic outlook and our momentum in industrial, automotive and cloud-power markets, we expect to grow at a reasonable pace in 2019. Now, I'll provide details of the progress in our various end-markets for the fourth quarter of 2018. Revenue for the automotive market in the fourth quarter was $475 million and represented 32% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter automotive revenue grew by 9% year-over-year. Excluding contribution of $14 million from OSA, our fourth quarter automotive revenue grew by 5% year-over-year. We noted significant weakness in the automotive market in China in the fourth quarter. Our design win pipeline in automotive market continues to grow at a solid pace. We are seeing strong adoption of our products, in vehicle, electrification, active safety and in various analog and power management applications. Despite the slowdown in economic growth outlook, we expect to see continuing meaningful increase in our content in automotive applications. We were seeing strong momentum for our power products, especially MOSFETs, traction IGBTs, high power modules and gate drivers in vehicle electrification. We are seeing strong momentum in China EV market with our Silicon Carbide and FET products. And we expect many customers to ramp traction invertors with our power semiconductors in the near term. To capitalize on steep expected growth in the China EV market, we continue to invest in that market. In other markets, we are seeing significant excitement from customers related to our expanding Silicon Carbide and IGBT product portfolio. Momentum for our sensor products for ADAS and viewing applications is accelerating, and we are meaningfully extending our competitive lead in that market by huge margin. According to the latest report by TSR, a leading independent market research firm, our overall market share in the automotive image sensor market is now 62%, and our share in ADAS segment of automotive imaging market is 81%. Customers are increasingly relying on us to provide them with leading edge technologies and complete product portfolio for automotive imaging applications. As I've indicated before, we are the only provider of automotive image sensors with a complete portfolio of 1 megapixel, 2 megapixel and 8 megapixel image sensors. The breadth of our portfolio enabled us to secure the major design win with a German automotive OEM for our 2 megapixel and 8 megapixel image sensors for level 2 and level 3 ADAS systems in the fourth quarter. Our analog power management front, we continue to make progress on our power management programs for automotive processors. We are engaged with all leading processor providers for automotive applications. We are also seeing strong traction for our LED drivers and for lighting applications. Revenue in the first quarter for the automotive end market is expected to be flat to slightly down quarter-over-quarter as opposed to seasonally higher sequential revenue. Weaker than seasonal growth in our automotive business is driven primarily by softness in the Greater China market. Industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace and medical, contributed revenue of $390 million in the fourth quarter. Contribution from OSA to the fourth quarter industrial revenue was not meaningful. Industrial end market represented 26% of our revenue in the fourth quarter and grew by 8% year-over-year. We continue to see strong traction for our power semiconductor products and modules in the industrial end market. With a broad range of medium and high-voltage power semiconductors and modules, we are well positioned to capitalize on the secular trend of increased power efficiency requirements for industrial systems. Despite slowing macroeconomic conditions, demand for our power semiconductors and modules continued to strong and our customer engagements continue to expand. Within industrial, medical was an area of solid strength in the fourth quarter. We're seeing strong tractions for our products in personal diagnostics and hearing health market. Revenue in the first quarter for the industrial end market is expected to be flat to slightly down quarter-over- quarter as opposed to seasonally higher sequential revenue. Weaker than seasonal growth in our industrial business is driven primarily by softness in the Greater China market. Communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless contributed revenue of $300 million for the fourth quarter. There was no contribution from OSA toward fourth quarter of 2018 communications revenue. The communications end market represented 20% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter communications revenue increased by 20% year-over-year. We are beginning to see strong ramp in our medium voltage MOSFETs in 5G infrastructure market. We expect this ramp to accelerate in 2019 as with start up early 5G deployments in a few parts of the world. Current indications from our customers point to a better than expected rate of deployment for 5G systems in near-term. As we indicated earlier, our power content in the 5G infrastructure systems is many times that in the 4G systems. Furthermore, our participation in 5G systems is expected to be significantly higher than our participation in 4G systems. On the smartphone front, our revenue in the fourth quarter declined only slightly quarter-over-quarter as content increases helped offset decline in units. Revenue in the first quarter for the communications end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. Revenue decline in the first quarter will be significantly greater than normal seasonality due to weakness in the global smartphone market. The computing end market contributed revenue of $167 million in the fourth quarter. There was no contribution from OSA toward the fourth quarter 2018 computing revenue. Computing end market represented 11% of our revenue in the fourth quarter, and the fourth quarter computing revenue grew by 22% year-over-year. The year-over-year growth was driven primarily by strength in our server business. We expect strength in computing to continue into 2019. Although, we expect moderation in capital expenditures by leading cloud service providers. In future generations of server platforms, we expect meaningful increase in our content. Revenue in the first quarter for computing end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality and softening macroeconomic conditions. The consumer end market contributed revenue of $171 million in the fourth quarter. The consumer end market represented 11% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Excluding contribution of $4.2 million from OSA, fourth quarter 2018 consumer revenue was down 13% as compared to consumer revenue in fourth quarter of 2017. The decline was due to weakness in Greater China region and our selective participation in certain areas of consumer electronic market. Revenue in the first quarter for the consumer end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to continuing weakness in the Greater China region and normal seasonality. In summary, we have seen weakness in demand from Greater China region. However, despite current weakness in macroeconomic environment, secular megatrends driving our business remain intact, and we are upbeat about our medium to long-term prospects. The key driver of our business is significant content increase in many applications in automotive, industrial, cloud power end markets as opposed to underlying unit growth in these end markets. We have established leadership in highly differentiated power, analog and sensor semiconductor solutions, and we believe that customers are increasingly relying on us as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly emerging and disruptive applications in automotive, industrial and cloud-power end-markets. To adjust to slowing macro environment, we are prudently managing our business with sharp focus on expenses and working capital. Our operational execution remains solid. We have continued to expand our margins and generate strong free cash flow. Now, I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we estimate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in the range of $1,365 million to $1,415 million in the first quarter of 2019. Included in our first quarter revenue guidance is approximately $20 million revenue from manufacturing services provided by OSA. As I indicated earlier, the greater than seasonal decline in the first quarter is primarily driven by weakness in Greater China region. Based on our current outlook, assuming no further decline in macroeconomic conditions, we expect to grow sequentially in the second quarter of 2019. For the first quarter of 2019, we expect gross margin to be in the range of 36.4% to 37.4%. Our first quarter gross margin guidance includes the negative impact of 50 basis points from the manufacturing services provided by OSA. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $330 million to $348 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be $30 million to $34 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $300 million to $314 million in the first quarter. We anticipate first quarter 2019 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $31 million to $34 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $22 million to $24 million. Cash paid for income taxes for the first quarter of 2019 is expected to be $16 million to $20 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $170 million to $180 million in the first quarter of 2019. We expect capital intensity for 2019 to be approximately 9%.We also expect share based compensation of $19 million to $21 million in the first quarter of 2019. Of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for first quarter of 2019 is expected to be 420 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and Hade please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Danley of Citigroup. Your line is now open. 
Chris Danley: Can you just talk about the pickup in order rates recently and then if you've talked to the customers and the disties, what's the reasoning they are giving for the recovery in orders?
Bernard Gutmann: Again, I don't know there's a lot to talk about. We saw in early January, we normally would see a pickup in orders after decline at the end of December and it didn't happen. And then here in the last week, it did start to pick up against and really have no more color beyond that.
Chris Danley: And for my follow-up, can you just give us your take on what the plans are for utilization rates and then how do we get the gross margins up to 40%?
Bernard Gutmann: So the utilization rates in the in the short-term are flattish to slightly down compared to Q4 it's about in the low 80%. The elements to grow gross margin continue being the same that we have talked about. A 50% fall through on incremental revenue, nice and significant help from the mix in our products. And probably the moderation of the increase in headwinds that we had from cost increases in 2018 that we do not expect will continue in 2019.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Keith, first one for you, given the volatility of the bookings, as you described it week-to-week and month-to-month. What gives you the confidence to believe you can grow into 2Q and 2019 as a whole?
Keith Jackson: Well, certainly, backlog indicates that at this stage and our design wins, as reported from the customers and their ramp dates is reported to us, support ramp Q2 and onwards this year.
Ross Seymore: And I guess for my follow on one for you on your side Bernard. The OpEx you mentioned about controlling that tightly. In the amount you guided to for the first quarter, is there any one time benefits in that or is that the run rate you guys can hold until you get the revenue growth actually coming back?
Bernard Gutmann: We do have some permanent cuts. At the same time, our first quarter is also shorter on date, so in that sense you can call that a little bit of one time. But in the long run, we expect to continue driving to our 21% target and expect to be gradually getting there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Keith, it's interesting that overall sales grew 9% on last year, but your Intelligent Sensing Group sales were kind of flat. I'm curious, what is the autos versus non-autos exposure in that segment? And what's going to be needed to make that business grow more in-line with other segments? And when will you see some of the benefits of the ADAS that you outlined?
Keith Jackson: So the automotive piece continues to grow very significantly. As we have set expectations for, it's about half of the total number in intelligent sensors group. The flatness that you see there is really us not participating in some of the low end security market, which declined year-over-year.
Vivek Arya: And then in communications, could you also give us a breakdown of handsets versus infrastructure? And on the 5G side, what content rates are you seeing? And is there a way to quantify how much your 5G exposure can be in 2019?
Keith Jackson: So kind of try and take those as best I can do. About 16% is handsets of sales, 4% is infrastructure of the 20% total. So, it's mostly handsets. From a 5G infrastructure perspective, obviously, that's small now. It just starts to ramp. It can be very significant for us. Depending on the type of 5G installation, it can be anywhere from $10, $150 or so.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Shawn Harrison: Keith, if you look at 2019, just hazarding a guess or maybe which end markets would you expect to be able to grow year-over-year versus maybe one that we're trying?
Keith Jackson: So, I would expect automotive and industrial, in the cloud-power, 5G, server business grow very nicely. I would expect that consumer probably will not be growing as nicely. And the handset business will not grow very much.
Shawn Harrison: And then as my follow up. Bernard, I think you mentioned looking to net working capital down a little bit. Do you have a target either for the entire year in terms of days to come out or just progress you want to make in the first half of 2019?
Bernard Gutmann: So as we have historically talked about, we do have some seasonality pattern, which is free cash flow. First half is typically lower than the second half but we expect to grow year-over-year.
Shawn Harrison: Grow free cash flow?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Just looking at the compute site, looks like it grew pretty nicely at 22% year-on-year. Just wondering as you look into 2019, how do you look at your market share in that segment exiting '18 or exiting '19? And is your share actually going up on a cash basis?
Keith Jackson: So we expect to increase share on the server side, because we're very low and growing quite rapidly. But on the notebook and desktop side, we're remaining roughly flat where we had significant share before.
Vijay Rakesh: And on the 5G side, I know you've talked about it briefly here. But how do you see growth in 2019 year-on-year? And what do you think your market share is there on the 5G side?
Keith Jackson: So 5G will grow significantly in the second half. There was very little revenues in 2018, so you should see double digit growth. And our presence in 4G was quite low. So for us, the 5G switch should be very significant.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Kevin Cassidy: The pick-up you've seen, especially when you pointed to China. Could that be just some ordering ahead of Chinese New Year? Or how does that compare to past years in front of Chinese New Year?
Keith Jackson: Actually, normally we see bookings and fill come in January, because basically December is declining. And so we would normally expect that. We didn't see it couple of weeks there early January is now returning to something of a more normal pattern.
Kevin Cassidy: And on the content increases you're seeing in servers, both AMD and Intel has talked about going to a chiplet or a multi-chip package devices. What changes with the power control on that?
Keith Jackson: That's been out. The control piece doesn't change dramatically nor does the power content, because it really is a total power determination for the dollars in there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Stoss with Craig Hallum. Your line is now open.
Anthony Stoss: Keith, can you talk about the Silicon Carbide contribution in Q4 and also how you expect that to ramp throughout 2019, and a similar follow-up on EVs in terms of what you expect year-over-year? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: So Silicon Carbide itself is still young and ramping for us. We're talking as I mentioned in the last call tens of millions last year, ramping to hundreds of millions in the next couple of years. So, it's still pretty early in that. We did see our first usage in EV automobiles for Silicon Carbide in both third and fourth quarters. I'm expecting EV to ramp quite nicely with all of our related products this year. I don't have an exact growth number but it's certainly going to be very high-double-digit numbers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis of B. Riley FBR. Your line is now open.
Craig Ellis: Keith, this time of the year is typically when where the company would do pricing negotiations and updates with its long-term customers. Can you give us an update on how that is playing out and how pricing faired in the fourth quarter?
Keith Jackson: So our annual contracts are usually completed in the show-up in our books in the first quarter here, as you mentioned. Those numbers were better than we've had quite benign, and should not be declining or should not provide a decline in ASP for the first quarter.
Craig Ellis: And the follow-up is for Bernard. Bernard, very strong share buyback quarter in the fourth quarter 200 million. On a full year basis, share buyback and get paid on were about equally split. As we look to how should we think about your redeployment of free cash flow across those two parameters? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: So we'll continue having a balanced approach. And definitely, we'll take advantage of these locations in the market as it relates to share buybacks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur of JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: On the recent pick-up in bookings, the Greater China bookings. Is this more distribution inventory replenishment or are you also seen a pick-up in re-sales out of this year as well? Just want to get a sentence if this is more replenishment or you guys are actually seeing the demand pull through as well?
Keith Jackson: I mean, we don't have exact data from distribution, as you might guess. But the pattern would suggest they've grown low on certain items and just need them for consumption.
Harlan Sur: And then we just got the SIA data for the month of December and the power transistor segment of the market was down only 3.5%, sequentially it was up I think 11% year-to-year. This is significantly better than the overall semiconductor industry. And I think even within that power MOSFETs stood even better. So you guys have a pretty strong portfolio here. Is just all content gain driven or also a function of just end market exposure?
Keith Jackson: Clearly, the end markets are valuing higher power efficiency. We've talked about those relative to cloud and the communications infrastructure, but also automotive. And so those are really key factors for electric vehicles. The mileage that you get on the charge is a key parameter. And so they're using not just more MOSFETs, but they're using very high performance MOSFETs, which drives, from a dollar perspective, good content gain.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Baird. Your line is now open.
Tristan Gerra: Given the slowdown in end markets like auto. What are the plans to shift external capacity to your internal fabs? And could you help us quantify how much reduction in demand can you weather without incurring any underutilization charges? And also even these trends, is it fair to assume that lead times could come down this first half?
Keith Jackson: So we do have significant flexibility in bringing things inside. We won't bring everything back inside. But you could see a point or three change in the amount of outsourcing that we do. So it is significant amount. Relative to lead times, we do expect as we go through the first half of the year, to be able to help somewhat in lead times, perhaps not as much in the power area. But in the non-power area, our capacity, equipment deliveries are now coming in and hopefully, we'll see some improvements by mid-year.
Tristan Gerra: And then my follow up, how long do you think the Chinese industries are going to be in inventory deleveraging mode? You mentioned some stabilization recently. I am assuming it doesn't really address the high inventory levels across the board. And also if you could help us quantify the slowdown in the China auto market sequentially in Q1. Is it fair to assume that this is going to be down double digit?
Keith Jackson: Okay, lot of questions there. So, on the distribution side, I can't imagine them being in a decline mode much longer than the first quarter, because they still have to service their customers. There is lots of reasons they might be doing it, but their demand is not off that far. Relative to autos, they are weak in China as all of us know. I don't expect double digits in the first quarter though. Our backlog again is a little weaker than normally seasonal for Q1, but not much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rajvindra Gill of Needham and Company. Your line is now open.
Rajvindra Gill: Yes, thank you, and congrats on solid results in light of this volatility. A question on the automotive as well. I was wondering if you could maybe break out your exposure of auto across China, Europe and the U.S.? And also with respect to Europe, are you seeing a rebuilding by the Europe, automotive OEMs after they have transitioned to the new emission standard and how does that affect that part of the business?
Keith Jackson: So our market is basically ranked, Europe is our largest market, U.S. second and China third. And we're not seeing anything significant in Europe. They're still kind of flattish at this stage. In China, it is slightly down.
Rajvindra Gill: And my follow-up on the sensor side, the sensor segment was flat last year, mainly because of the nonautomotive. You mentioned automotive being about half of the sensor business. When will you give us a sense for how the auto sensor business grew last year if you have those details? And what are the other segments that make up that in the sensor business outside of auto?
Keith Jackson: So auto grew nearly 20% year-on-year, the other segments are consumer things like drone usage and home camera usage. And then the other piece is industrial, which had a very strong segment in machine vision, et cetera, but has some security portions that were not quite as strong.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: It sounds like the pricing environment for you is still holding up fairly well? I'm just curious, Bernard, can you help quantify the headwinds you guys saw on the cost side in calendar year '18? And as we go throughout calendar year '19, either because demand is a little bit weaker and supplies freeing up a little bit and/or because you guys are spending on CapEx to try to offset some of these headwinds. What kind of tailwinds on the cost side could you see this year?
Bernard Gutmann: So we don't have a precise number, but we think it was a fairly meaningful number that I think we lost in 2018. Maybe somewhere around 50 basis points and we should recover some of that in 2019 with a combination of the pricing and less headwinds on this one.
John Pitzer: And then, Keith, relative to your comments for Q2 sequential growth and full year growth, I'm just curious. You have to grow above seasonal every quarter this year to get to some top-line growth for the full year. Do you see that mostly as a second half phenomenon? Or do you think we'll start to see evidence of that in Q2? And I think as to an earlier question. What bottoms up markets do you feel like you're most best positioned to see outsized growth?
Keith Jackson: I think outsized growth in 5G infrastructure starting in Q3 would be above seasonal, above normal. We think that the slowdown in some of the server purchases will also pick up about that time. So those two markets should be significant. The new automobile models start ramping in Q3, and we think that content goes up quite significantly. So simple answer to your question is, I do think Q3 will be more outsized from a content perspective, significantly outsized. Q2 will it be outsized or yet more or not, it's a little too early for me to tell. But certainly, backlog indicates some good growth in Q2.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO. Your line is now open.
Ambrish Srivastava: You commented on what are your lead times currently?
Keith Jackson: They remained extended in the teens. They have not changed significantly.
Ambrish Srivastava: And my follow up is just trying to tie up all your comments about order trends your guidance and then second quarter. Can you just throw in or enlighten us what are cancellations doing that gives you confidence that Q2 should recover? And also are the LTAs helping on that front that you signed, which I think is different than the past several cycles where you now have a lot, should have a lot more visibility?
Keith Jackson: The LTA is definitely providing stability. The net change we talk about pickup in order rates here toward the end of January reflect the absence of cancellations. And we saw some of the cancellations early in the month. So they seem to be largely behind us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Mark Delaney: I had a question on the smartphone market. Do you guys have a sense about how much inventory there may be at your customers that you need to work through in the near term? And then as you think about that business over the intermediate to longer term based on your discussions with your customers. Is there any increasing preference for your smartphone customers that start to focus more on lower cost side models and maybe the content opportunities may not be as much as we had expected six to 12 months ago?
Keith Jackson: Okay, lot of questions there. From a content perspective, going forward, we're expecting increases as they put 5G in the handsets. So that is a nice pickup. And from the 4G systems, the actual mix of what they plan on making, they don't share with us in advance. So, I can't really comment on their strategies. And then from an inventory perspective, we're seeing a little greater than normal downturn here in Q1, which we assume is to address those inventories. But no indication that we'll continue be on the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Rolland of Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Chris Rolland: Perhaps one for your, Keith. I know content games are great driver for you guys, but more broadly for the power management industry. We've seen probably some relatively better results here. Do you think something's changed this down cycle? Or is it from consolidation or lack of capacity adds across the industry, or perhaps just not that severe of a downturn this fall? What do you think the puts and takes are there?
Keith Jackson: I mean I think capital has come on relatively slowly compared to the content gains for the last few years. So clearly, the industry is very tight on capacity, in general. I think that the content gains, however, as I mentioned earlier, we'll continue to have some very significant momentum and much faster than in the unit markets that we support just based on the power efficiency requirements and the continued increase in electric vehicles in 5G infrastructure. So, I think you've got a rapidly growing market and you've got relatively constrained supply.
Chris Rolland: And you guys planning to be control on Aizu by 2020, but if we move into a pretty good upcycle here. What are your plans or preferences for capacity after you -- would you guys rather do internal, external or more JVs, do you have a preference?
Keith Jackson: I don't know, we have a strong preference for JV versus internal. We look for the most cost effective capacity adding that we can get. And we use a combination of outside inside in JVs. So whatever the best deal we can find is where we'll be heading.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Caso of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso: Just wonder if you could give a little more color on some of the cancellations that you spoke about at the start of the month. Was that geographically based and then a lot of folks have been talked about weakness in China, I presume it's there. Was it broader geographically? And also anything say about particular end markets? For example, some of the handset space we've seen some weakness or perhaps, and your side the difference between some of the power components that have longer lead times and some of the other components whatever color you can provide?
Keith Jackson: Most of the weakness is in the smartphone side, which is also mostly in China. From a build perspective as you would guess. And so it does still look mostly like China on that weakness side, any way you want to slice it. So, the rest of the market seemed relatively stable and their order patterns appear more secure.
Chris Caso: So basically those cancellations were isolated to the smartphone side more or less?
Keith Jackson: Well, mostly smartphone. But also some of the consumer markets in China as well.
Chris Caso: Just as a follow-up then, with regard to distribution. You talked about distribution inventory increasing in Q4 and you talked about how much, and it sounds like you expect that to be cleaned up during the first quarter?
Keith Jackson: I expect it to be relatively stable in the first quarter. It expanded by a few days in Q4, but nothing significant.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach: Keith, just a question around lead times in the context of some of the trends you're seeing. So even though the business has weakened a bit, you're still looking up about 1% year-over-year for guidance. If I look at some other analog companies, they're down as much as high-single-digits to mid-teens and they have shorter lead time. So anything you're doing in terms of scrubbing the lead times and matching up versus what you're seeing from a demand perspective?
Keith Jackson: So we've been working with our distributors for some time to make sure that we are not basically getting an order pattern for immediate delivery for things they don’t need for some time out. We do that by looking at their lead times and our lead times, and trying to get a pipeline. So part of our extended lead times is really just a good management of our pipeline of products. And so folks have ordered on us basically within the lead times we've given them and they just -- that just keeps rolling forward. So I mean that certainly company specific there, but we do expect that. And so our understanding is the consumption that you're having in Q1 is really consumption, not a reflection of major inventory changes other than the ones we talked about in China.
Craig Hettenbach: And then just as a follow up since China you had seen the weakness first and the last year, particularly in appliances and industrial. Any thoughts there in terms of how far along they are and if those markets got hit first, would you expect them to recover right at this first as well?
Keith Jackson: We are seeing increased orders in the light good piece, but that's the only piece so far that has shown any pick up.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the call back over to Parag for any closing remarks.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at our Analyst Day on March 8th in Scottsdale. Good-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Keith Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer Bernard Guttman - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Parag Agarwal - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development
Analysts: Chris Danley - Citigroup Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gausia Chowdhury - Longbow Research Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho Chris Caso - Raymond James John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Krysten Sciacca - Nomura Instinet Anthony Stoss - Craig Hallum Craig Ellis - B. Riley FBR Tristan Gerra - Baird Chris Rolland - Susquehanna Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Rajvindra Gill - Needham & Co. Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the ON Semiconductor third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require operator assistance, please press the star then the zero key on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Parag Agarwal, VP of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Chris. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's third quarter 2018 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO, and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast along with our earnings release for third quarter of 2018 will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels and share count are also posted on our website.  Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section.  During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for third quarter of 2018. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other factors except as required by law.  As announced earlier, we will host our 2019 Analyst Day on March 8 in Scottsdale, Arizona. If you would like to attend the event and haven’t received an invitation, please let us know.  Now let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of third quarter 2018 results. Bernard?
Bernard Guttman: Thank you Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We delivered yet another quarter of strong financial results. Our results for the third quarter and guidance for the fourth quarter of 2018 have exceeded expectations on all key metrics. The strong financial performance was driven by our multiple secular drivers in various end markets and by solid execution on the operational front. Our robust financial results over last several quarters clearly demonstrate the strength of our business and our steadfast operational execution.  Despite overhang of trade tensions, rising bond yields, and fears of slowing global growth, the overall demand environment remains favorable. We have seen a few spots of some weakness, especially in greater China region in industrial and white goods segments; however, we have been able to offset this softness in greater China with strength in other markets.  Our near to mid term outlook for our business remains healthy, driven by significant increase in our content in automotive, industrial, and cloud power solutions for datacenters and 5G deployments. Secular drivers powering our business remain intact and our traction in our strategic markets, which include automotive, industrial, and cloud power, continues to be strong.  Although we are confident in our near to mid term outlook, we are managing our business in a very prudent manner. Our channel inventory remains at the lower end of our target range of 11 to 13 weeks, and we have meaningfully reduced days of inventory on our balance sheet. At the same time, we continue to invest in our operations and in our R&D efforts to drive long term growth in our key strategic markets and to improve our profitability.  Now let me provide you additional details on our third quarter 2018 results.  Total revenue for the third quarter of 2018 was $1.542 billion, an increase of 11% as compared to revenue of $1.391 billion in the third quarter of 2017. GAAP net income for the third quarter was $0.38 per diluted share as compared to $0.25 in the third quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $0.57 per diluted share as compared to $0.44 in the third quarter of 2017. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was 38.7%.  On a GAAP basis, our third quarter gross margin improved by 100 basis points year over year, and on a non-GAAP basis gross margin improved by 80 basis points year over year. This strong gross margin performance was driven by solid operational execution and by improving mix resulting from higher contribution from our automotive, industrial, and server businesses. On year over year basis, third quarter 2018 gross margin was negatively impacted by the rise in certain input costs. With the anticipated ramp in additional internal wafer capacity towards the end of this year, we expect to partially offset the impact of increased input costs.  Our GAAP operating margin for third quarter of 2018 was 15.7% as compared to 12.7% in the third quarter of 2017. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2018 was 17.8%, an increase of approximately 120 basis points over 16.6% in the third quarter of 2017. On a year-over-year revenue increase of 11% for the third quarter of 2018, our non-GAAP operating income increased by 19%. This strong operational performance demonstrates the leverage and strength of our operational model.  GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $355 million as compared to $347 million for the third quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $322 million as compared to $296 million in the third quarter of 2017. Third quarter free cash flow was $228 million and operating cash flow was $358 million. Capital expenditures during the third quarter were $130 million, which equates to capital intensity of 8.5%. Recall that to meet increasing demand for our products and to mitigate the impact of the steep rise in prices of raw wafers, we expect a higher level of capital intensity for this year and next. We continue to de-lever our balance sheet, and in the third quarter we used $65 million to pay down debt. We exited the third quarter of 2018 with cash and cash equivalents of $951 million as compared to $850 million at the end of second quarter of 2018. We used $75 million of cash to repurchase 3.6 million shares of our stock in the third quarter.  At the end of the third quarter, days of inventory on hand were 116 days, down six days as compared to 122 days in the second quarter. Distribution inventory in terms of weeks declined quarter over quarter in the third quarter, and currently distribution inventories are at lower end of our target range of 11 to 13 weeks. We expect distribution inventories to remain within the normal range of 11 to 13 weeks in the near-term. To mitigate the risk of excessive inventory in the channel, we are proactively managing inventory in the distribution channel. We have implemented systems to ensure that distributors don’t carry more inventory than what is needed to support 11 to 13 weeks of re-sales.  Earlier in the fourth quarter, we announced the purchase of an incremental 20% share of the manufacturing joint venture for an 8-inch wafer fab located in Aizu-Wakamatsu, Japan. With this purchase, ON Semiconductor now owns a 60% share in the joint venture, and consequently we will report operational results of this joint venture in our consolidated financial statements beginning in fourth quarter of 2018. We have named the joint venture ON Semiconductor Aizu Company Ltd., or OSA.  As part of the joint venture agreement, we may provide manufacturing services to our joint venture partner for up to six quarters starting with the fourth quarter of 2018. We expect revenue from manufacturing services to be approximately $20 million per quarter at a nominal gross profit.  Now let me provide you an update on performance of our business units, starting with Power Solutions Group, or PSG. Revenue for PSG for the third quarter was $810 million. Revenue for the Analog Solutions Group for the third quarter of 2018 was $532 million, and revenue for the Intelligent Sensing Group was $200 million.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks Bernard. Third quarter of 2018 was yet another strong quarter for ON Semiconductor. We continued on our trajectory of delivering strong revenue growth and robust margin expansion. Overall demand for our products continues to be healthy despite concerns related to trade tensions, rising bond yields, and expectations of slowing global growth. However, as Bernard noted earlier, we have seen a few [spots of] [ph] weakness, especially in greater China region in industrial and white goods segments.  The key driver of our business is significant content increase in many applications in automotive, industrial, cloud server, and 5G infrastructure end markets as opposed to underlying unit growth in these end markets. In automotive end market, vehicle electrification and active safety are expected to drive steep growth in our addressable content for power devices and image sensors. In the industrial market, need for power efficiency in industrial systems is expected to drive a many fold increase in power products from our PSG business unit. In the cloud server market, we continue to see solid growth for analog power management products from our ASG business unit. In 5G infrastructure market, we are seeing a many fold increase in our medium voltage power content as compared to that in 4G and 3G systems.  Our business today is driven by sustainable secular growth drivers in the fastest growing semiconductor end markets as opposed to being driven by macroeconomic conditions and semiconductor industry cyclicality a few years ago. Through our investments over last several years in high growth segments and in highly differentiated products in automotive and industrial end markets, we have radically transformed the nature of our business. A significant part of our business comes from highly differentiated power, analog, and sensor products for automotive, industrial and cloud power end markets. We continue to strengthen our position as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly emerging and disruptive applications in automotive and industrial end markets.  Overall business conditions remain favorable and demand continues to be healthy across most end markets. We have noticed some weakness in greater China region in industrial and white goods segments, but we have been able to offset that weakness with strength in other areas; in fact, we continue to sign long term supply agreements with our customers.  On the supply side, we believe that inventories in semiconductor supply chain are generally healthy and we do not see any signs of excess inventory with our distributors and customers; in fact, as Bernard indicated in his prepared remarks, our inventory at our distributors is towards the lower end of our target range of 11 to 13 weeks. Pricing continues to be benign as compared to historic trends.  Along with our strong revenue performance, our execution on the operational front continues to be outstanding. Our operating model has shown strong operating leverage. As Bernard mentioned earlier, on a year-over-year revenue increase of 11% for the third quarter, our non-GAAP operating income increased by 19%. We achieved this solid margin performance in spite of a significant rise in input costs. We remain on track to ramp our internal raw wafer capacity by the end of current year, and with this ramp we should be able to partially offset the increase in input costs. At the same time, mix shift towards margin rich automotive, industrial, and cloud power end markets should drive additional margin expansion.  Now I’ll provide details of the progress in our various end markets for third quarter of 2018.  Revenue for the automotive market in the third quarter was $464 million and represented 30% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter automotive revenue grew by an impressive 12% year over year. Despite some volatility in the automotive supply chain, we posted strong year over year and sequential growth in the third quarter. We believe that ongoing content increases, new production introductions, and share gains drove our strong revenue performance despite reports of volatility in global automotive supply chain. We expect that secular trend of meaningful semiconductor content increase in automotive will continue for the foreseeable future, regardless of temporary changes in market dynamics. With a strong portfolio of power, analog, and sensor products, we are well positioned to disproportionately benefit from the tremendous increase in semiconductor content driven by electrification, active safety, and fuel efficiency in automotive.  Our momentum in automotive image sensors continues to accelerate. Key factors driving our growth in the automotive image sensor market are significant technology lead over competition and the industry’s most extensive product portfolio, giving customers more choices than before. With a complete line of image sensors, including one, two, and eight megapixels, we are the only provider of a complete range of pixel densities on a single platform for the next generation ADAS and autonomous driving applications.  Furthermore, with our recent acquisition of SensL we now have capability to provide LiDAR sensors in addition to image sensors, radar, and ultrasonic sensors. We are the only semiconductor supplier with capability to provide all four types of sensors for ADAS and autonomous driving. We believe that this capability will not only drive significant content for us but will also provide a key differentiating advantage to us as the automotive industry moves to sensor fusion architectures for ADAS and autonomous driving. We recorded our first silicon carbide revenue from automotive end markets in the third quarter. We are actively engaged with leading global automotive OEMs on many silicon carbide projects. We expect silicon carbide will be a significant driver of our automotive content increase, driven by electrification of the drive train. We expect to see strong acceleration in our automotive silicon carbide revenue for foreseeable future.  Demand for our power products, 48 volt systems, and LED lighting products remains strong. We are also seeing strong adoption of switch mode power supply systems for camera systems and radar systems. In addition, we are seeing strong growth for our silicon based power products in EV HEV market. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the automotive end market is expected to be up quarter over quarter due to normal seasonality.  The industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace and medical, contributed revenue of $400 million in the third quarter. The industrial end market represented 26% of our revenue in the third quarter. Our third quarter industrial revenue grew by solid 12% year over year.  Ever increasing energy efficiency requirements continue to be key drivers of increases in power management content in industrial systems. We are seeing a several fold increase in our power content in many industrial systems. In the industrial end market, we are benefitting from our comprehensive power product portfolio encompassing the complete voltage range. Design activity for power products in the industrial market remains strong, and we are engaging with leading global industrial OEMs on their next generation designs. Within the industrial market, we are seeing strong traction for our power integrated modules for applications in the alternative energy market. Machine vision is another area of strong growth in the industrial market. With recently introduced X-class image sensors, we expect to further strengthen our leadership in machine vision and robotics markets.  Revenue in the fourth quarter for the industrial end market is expected to be down quarter over quarter as opposed to seasonality of flat sequential revenue. Weaker than seasonal growth in our industrial business is driven primarily by softness in the greater China market.  The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $314 million in the third quarter. The communications end market represented 20% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter communications revenue increased by 13% year over year. In the third quarter, we benefitted from the launch of new smartphone models. It has been the case over last few years our content in new generation smartphones continues to increase in a meaningful manner.  On the infrastructure front, we are beginning to see ramp of our high efficiency medium voltage power products for 5G systems. We expect that our power content in 5G infrastructure systems will be many times that in 4G or 3G systems. We have been designed in for significant power management content in 5G systems and we expect to see strong revenue ramps with increased deployment of 5G infrastructure. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the communications end market is expected to be flat quarter over quarter as opposed to normal seasonality of sequential decline.  The computing end market contributed revenue of $163 million in the third quarter. The computing end market represented 11% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter computing revenue grew by 16% year over year. The year over year growth was driven primarily by accelerating strength in our cloud power business and the ramp of our analog power management solutions for graphics processors. As we have indicated in prior earnings calls, we are engaged with leading cloud and server players and we are working with leading processor providers on their next generation platforms. With the upcoming generation of processors, we expect to increase our analog content through the introduction of new products. Revenue in the fourth quarter for our computing end market is expected to be approximately flat quarter over quarter as opposed to normal seasonality of sequential decline. The continuing ramp of our cloud power business is the primary driver of better than seasonal trend in our computing business.  The consumer end market contributed revenue of $200 million in the third quarter. The consumer end market represented 13% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter 2018 consumer revenue was down 1% as compared to consumer revenue in the third quarter of 2017. The decline was due to our selective participation in certain areas of the consumer electronics market. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the consumer end market is expected to be down quarter over quarter primarily due to softness in white goods market and normal seasonality.  In summary, demand environment for our products remains healthy, driven by secular megatrends in industrial, automotive, and cloud power markets. The key driver of our business is significant content increase in many applications in automotive, industrial, cloud server, and 5G infrastructure end markets, as opposed to underlying unit growth in these end markets. Trade tensions, rising bond yields, and expectations of slowing global economy have not impacted our business in significant manner. We have established leadership in highly differentiated power, analog, and sensor semiconductor solutions, and we believe that customers are increasingly relying on us as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly emerging and disruptive applications in automotive, industrial, and cloud power end markets.  While our business remains healthy, we are fully cognizant of the risks arising from a potential slowdown in global economy. We are very prudently managing our business with aggressive and proactive inventory management to respond quickly to any changes in market conditions. Our operational execution remains solid. We have continued to expand our margins and generate strong free cash flow.  Now I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Guttman: Thank you Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in range of $1.48 billion to $1.53 billion in fourth quarter of 2018. Included in our fourth quarter revenue guidance is approximately $20 million revenue from manufacturing services provided by ON Semiconductor Aizu, or OSA, which as I indicated earlier is our joint venture in an 8-inch fab. Excluding impact of OSA, our fourth quarter 2018 revenue is expected to be in range of $1.46 billion to $1.51 billion. Recall that as part of joint venture agreement, we may provide manufacturing services to our joint venture partner for up to six quarters, starting with fourth quarter of 2018.  For the fourth quarter of 2018, we expect gross margin to be in range of 37.1% to 38.1%. Our fourth quarter gross margin guidance includes the negative impact of 50 basis points from the manufacturing services provided by OSA. Excluding the impact of OSA, our fourth quarter 2018 gross margin is expected to be in range of 37.6% to 38.6%.  We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $348 million to $366 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges which are expected to be $29 million to $33 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $319 million to $333 million in the fourth quarter. The quarter over quarter increase in our non-GAAP operating expenses in the fourth quarter is primarily driven by three additional days in the fourth quarter of 2018 as compared to those in the third quarter of 2018. We anticipate fourth quarter 2018 GAAP net income and expense, including interest expense, will be $32 million to $35 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $23 million to $25 million.  Cash paid for income taxes in fourth quarter of 2018 is expected to be $8 million to $12 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $135 million to $145 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. We also expect share based compensation of $19 million to $21 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures.  Our diluted share count for fourth quarter of 2018 is expected to be 428 million shares based on current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. For the full year of 2018, we expect to generate free cash flow in neighborhood of $800 million.  With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Chris, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Danley with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Chris Danley: Hey, thanks guys. I remember in previous calls, you’ve talked about some extension in lead times. Can you just comment on what lead times are doing these days? Are they remaining stretched, or are they starting to come in?
Keith Jackson: They haven’t changed, so they’re remaining longer than normal.
Chris Danley: Keith, when do we expect those to come back in?
Keith Jackson: Obviously depending on market conditions. That can vary, but at this stage we see them remaining stable at least through the first half of next year.
Chris Danley: Okay, and then for my follow-up just on the OSA biz, were you contractually obligated to do this thing for six quarters, or maybe just give us some of the history behind that.
Keith Jackson: Yes, we are indeed obligated. That was part of the original deal.
Chris Danley: Got it, okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Keith, I’m sure you have looked at some of the weaker outlook from the peers, like Texas Instruments and Cypress, etc. What went through your mind when you contrast their weakness versus the stability or strength that you are seeing? Is it possible you’re not seeing the downturn now but perhaps could see it later, just because either you have the products or you had longer lead times? If you could just give us a sense of what’s on your dashboard, how are order cancellations looking, how is the book to bill ratio? How do we contrast this difference between what some of your peers are reporting versus the strength that you are seeing? 
Keith Jackson: Our forecasting is done the same way. We look at our backlog and profiles that are going on from customers and our new orders, etc. as we get into the quarter. If you want to talk about contrast, I will point to the fact that our power content specifically in the markets I talked about, we believe to be substantial and different from many of our competitors, and that is indeed where most of the strength is. I think there’s a little bit of product mix between companies that shows up and also which customers are being served, but in our case we really do think it’s strong demand on a content basis in the markets we mentioned.
Vivek Arya: Got it. For my follow-up, could you help us quantify your rough exposure to the two problematic areas you mentioned, China industrial and white goods? When do you think those areas can start to stabilize, or we don’t have that visibility quite yet?
Keith Jackson: We don’t have visibility on that quite yet. We service the consumer piece--or excuse me, the white goods piece in China through distribution, and they are not giving us any indication of when that might come back at this stage, but it’s a relatively small portion of our total business.
Vivek Arya: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Gausia Chowdhury: Hi, good morning. This is Gausia Chowdhury on behalf of Shawn. Within auto, are you seeing any auto production weakness in any regions?
Keith Jackson: We’re not seeing any weakness. We are seeing this year, unlike last year, some shutdowns for them to have their maintenance periods that didn’t occur last year, but as I mentioned before, our content gains have far offset those.
Gausia Chowdhury: Great, thank you. Then with regards to OSA, do you anticipate that the profitability will -- there will be a drag on profitability through 2019? Any idea on timing would be helpful.
Bernard Guttman: So as we said in the prepared remarks, we may serve this for up to six quarters, i.e. through the first quarter of 2020, and I expect pretty stable business during that time frame.
Gausia Chowdhury: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys, just wanted to follow up on the auto side. Keith, I know you have more content there conceptually. Can you just talk a little bit or give a little more color as to how that’s playing out? Historically even the companies that in aggregate are gaining more content still aren’t immune from SAR pulling down, so any more color you can give on some of the specifics as far as why you’re able to offset it, at least--in the long term, I get, but the near term color?
Keith Jackson: Yes, of course you’re never immune from slowdowns in unit production, but our new designs and the models that are now ramping, 2019 models, the content gains there are in the double digit range, so therefore if your SAR comes down a percent or two, you still see strength coming on. The only other impact that you could have had there, Ross, is significant over-inventories, and we’ve seen no signs of that, so if you put it all together, we continue to see good growth.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for that. As my follow-up, switching over to the margin line perhaps for Bernard, if the weakness that others are pointing to ends up hitting you guys, either the duration or magnitude is greater than what you guys currently see for whatever reason, how should we think about how gross margin and Opex can be flexed proactively if that negative scenario plays out?
Bernard Guttman: We would do what we have normally done in the past on the gross margin front. The fall-through on the decremental revenue, if there is such a decrement, is about 50%. In cases of a slowdown, you in-source more of the production that’s currently outsourced, so our mix would change towards that. On the Opex front, variable comp and variable commissions would also be directly proportional to or affected by the reduction on that front, and then you take the normal belt tightening actions that occur in any slowdown.
Ross Seymore: Great, thank you.
Bernard Guttman: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Vijay Rakesh: Thanks guys. Just on the industrial side, I know you mentioned slight softness here in December. Just wondering if you’re seeing anything out of the ordinary or is it just normal seasonality there.
Keith Jackson: In general it’s normal seasonality except some slight weakness in the China marketplace, as we discussed. It’s not significant, so it’s slightly down versus flattish normal seasonality.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. Going to first half, there’s been some worries from your peers about visibility and tariff impact just bigger picture with another 25% hike on January 1, I guess. As you talk to your customers in Asia and especially emerging markets, are you seeing any worries as they look out? I know it’s a little bit farther away, but--thanks.
Keith Jackson: The only worries we’ve seen have been in China on some of the consumer type marketplaces. Basically concerns there, I think, are reflected in the weaknesses we’ve talked about, but otherwise we haven’t seen any significant impact to change in backlogs or order patterns.
Vijay Rakesh: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good morning. The first question is on distribution. Can you talk about sell-in versus sell-through in distribution for the third quarter and your expectations for the fourth quarter? In your prepared remarks, you said you were already at the low end of your target inventory range at distribution. Can you clarify what you mean by proactively managing inventory - are you seeking to bring down the level of distribution inventory further?
Keith Jackson: I think we’re happy at the low end of our range - in fact, we’re very happy at the low end of our range, and what we’ve done with our distributors there is help them with visibility in our systems and manage the order patterns so that we stay there. The real objective is to stay pretty close to the bottom half of that range as we go through the cycles, or through the seasonality, I should say.
Bernard Guttman: And that would imply that sell-in equals sell-through.
Chris Caso: Okay, got it. Thank you. Just following on with OSA and the rationale for moving to the majority interest, was that something that you needed to do? I guess I just ask that it seems like that an impact is $20 million in revenue on about flat--with zero gross margins, rather, so what’s the benefit for ON taking that majority interest?
Keith Jackson: The reason we own the majority interest, quite frankly, is we wish to use all of that capacity over time. This is a structured phase over to make that happen, and they have customers that need to be supported, so as part of the whole deal we had a preplanned phase over in that capacity. The real issue is we need to fill that up with our products, and of course as we do that, the margins for our products are significantly better.
Chris Caso: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Yes, good morning guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question, and congratulations on the strong results. Keith, I’m just wondering relative to being a cushion, within the comms business and the compute business today, what percent is sort of infrastructure and server cloud hyper scale in each? How that trend year over year compared to last year, and where do you think that’s going to be four quarters from now?
Keith Jackson: I’ll take them separately. On the computing side, the cloud server business has moved from a 20% of our computing business up at least 10 points from that year on year, and we see that trend continuing into 2019, so a very significant increase in the cloud server portion of the total business. On the infrastructure piece, it has always been the smaller portion of our communications business, but again from a percentage basis it’s come up a couple of points year on year.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. Maybe a quick one for Bernard on the margin front. Bernard, you mentioned in an earlier question a gross margin fall-through of about 50%. If you look over the last four quarters excluding the quarter just reported, you were sort of above that - I think the incremental op margin was averaging about 56%--sorry, gross margin, op margin was about 38%. I’m just curious to what extent were impact costs impacting things on a year over year basis, and can you just level set us - you gave us the 50% gross margin drop through, how should we think about op margin drop through from here?
Bernard Guttman: The 50% is obviously a yardstick. We think it is a good representation of a long term thing. Yes, we do have some in between spikes where we are [indiscernible] or not. In the long run, we also have the mix impact that will also push us to have higher than 50%. The 50% is just steady state. On top of that, you can add the mix which should over time also get us some incremental amount. On the op margin, we’re still targeting to do our 19% from our target model. We have done some nice progress, gotten to about 17.8% in the third quarter, and expect to continue making progress towards that as part of growing opex at half of the pace of revenue growth and getting the gross margin leverage we just talked about.
John Pitzer: Then guys, if I could sneak one more in there, glad to see you guys buy back stock in the quarter. Despite that, you were still able to grow gross cash. Keith, I’m curious just given where the stock price is today, what your view is on buybacks and how we should think about capital allocation from here.
Bernard Guttman: We have taken a balanced approach towards paying down debt as well as buying back shares. The buying back shares, we announced in the second quarter we’re going back into the market and we’ll obviously take a look at dislocations that occur in the market as we go through that.
John Pitzer: Perfect, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krysten Sciacca with Nomura Instinet. Your line is now open.
Krysten Sciacca: Good morning. Thanks for letting me ask a question and congrats on the good results. I just wanted to follow up on the lead time question. A lot of your peers are noting that lead times are actually falling a bit to more stable or normalized levels versus being extended over the past year, but yet you’re seeing your lead times remain extended and should be, at least through the first half of next year. Could you maybe give a little bit more color on that, on what is driving that trend?
Keith Jackson: Yes, again it has been the significant content increase we have had primarily in medium and high voltage marketplaces. It is quite stable, it’s just longer than normal. We’re not really seeing any volatility in the numbers, but the demand remains high and so those lead times will remain extended.
Krysten Sciacca: Great, thank you. Then just switching over to comms, in your prepared remarks you said you expect the revenues to be flat for next quarter sequentially versus historically seasonally down. Can you maybe just dig into what trends you’re seeing that would promote that above-seasonal growth? Is that mainly 5G-related revenue or is there some other factors playing into effect there?
Keith Jackson: Certainly 5G is a factor, although it’s early in that ramp-out, so that’s some of it. The other piece frankly is just content increases we had in the new models of handsets that rolled out. Those from a build perspective, our customers are still showing us good demand in Q4.
Krysten Sciacca: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Stoss with Craig Hallum. Your line is now open.
Anthony Stoss: Hey guys, my congrats on the strong execution as well. Bernard, can you give us what your capacity utilization was in Q3 and any thoughts on where you think it might be in Q4, and then lastly on silicon carbide, do you expect the bulk of your wafers to come from external sources or internal? Thanks.
Bernard Guttman: Capacity utilization in third quarter was in the mid to high 80s. Expect that to be similar, maybe coming down slightly in the fourth quarter. Then silicon carbide, we are outsourcing the raw wafers, we have long term agreements on that front. We do internally our own raw wafers for regular silicon, and we talked about that several times that we are increasing our capacity to serve more and be less dependent on these input costs, but not on internal--not on the silicon carbide right now.
Anthony Stoss: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley FBR. Your line is now open.
Craig Ellis: Yes, thanks for taking the question, and congratulations on the execution in the quarter. The first quarter is related to content gain. Keith, you pointed out good things happening in compute and server, and in smartphones, so the question is with Intel having three server product transitions in 4Q18, 4Q19 and then 2020, what do you expect will happen with on-server content with those transitions? Then on the smartphone side, is the content gain we’re seeing really more of a second half dynamic, or would you expect to be gaining content with first half model launches as well?
Keith Jackson: On the computing side, our content will continue to go up with the new processor releases, so we see that as a very positive trend. We believe also our share gains should be going up, so similar to what went on in the notebooks a few years ago, we are expecting a continued positive story on the compute side. In the handsets, the ones that will launch in the first half of next year will also have that increase gains, so that should also again be a good story relative to seasonality. 
Craig Ellis: Thanks, and then the follow-up question is for Bernard. Bernard, setting aside the manufacturing JV’s impact to gross margin in the fourth quarter, there’s still a decrease of around 50 to 60 basis points, it looks like, so is that primarily utilization or are there other factors at play, like input costs or pricing? As we look ahead to the first quarter, I think that’s when the company would typically see more of its large customer long term contract renewals occur. Can you just help us with the gives and takes with gross margin? Not looking for guidance, but just some higher level color. Thank you.
Bernard Guttman: Sure. So in the fourth quarter, the gross margin decline beyond the OSA is mostly just revenue related than utilization. We’re guiding to a lower number than the third quarter’s actuals. It is approximately a 50% fall through on the decremental revenues, so there is nothing bigger there. Contracts or pricing continues being quite benign, and we’re seeing that also in our annual contract negotiations. 
Craig Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is now open.
Tristan Gerra: Good morning. Could you provide a little bit of color on your [indiscernible] camera business in automotive? You’ve talked in the past about 70% market share. How is the outlook in that business for next year, and are you ramping on track or are you seeing any type of delays?
Keith Jackson: The 70% is for ADAS overall. I think we’re about 55% if you include all viewing in cars. We see that continuing. I think again we believe we have increased that a bit for next year’s models, so we expect that to continue to ramp up in double digits next year.
Tristan Gerra: Okay, and then any changes that you expect to see in terms of pricing patterns as you enter renegotiating agreements for next year?
Keith Jackson: Our pricing patterns this year have been quite benign, as Bernard talked about. I would expect going into next year, the first quarter should be better than normal, but obviously the rest of the year we’ll have to wait and see what the markets provide.
Tristan Gerra: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Chris Rolland: Hey guys, congrats on the outperformance versus some of your peers here, that was pretty impressive. I believe there may be three extra days in the quarter, at least I think you talked about on the opex side. Was wondering how you are treating the revenue - is it half of that, or are you counting it as zero? Then just back to pricing, so previously ON way back in the day, we used to talk about 1 to 2% price decreases quarter to quarter. Has this dynamic changed now in your opinion, considering you’re no longer highly commoditized products?
Bernard Guttman: Let me answer the three extra days. Historically when we have had--our experience on the three extra days is that you really get very little in terms of extra revenue because you’re looking at the holiday season during that time frame, but you have to pay the people so it is mostly affecting opex but with very little offset in the incremental revenue. It’s part of our revenue guidance, already embedded. 
Keith Jackson: On the long term pricing trends, we are getting higher content for sole sourced products, and so we would expect that that would become more muted--the typical 1 to 2% would become more muted each year. 
Chris Rolland: Got it. Then just a quick one on linearity. Accounts receivable was up but days were fine there, but is there anything about linearity and booking trends through the quarter? Was there any sort of a deceleration at all in the month of September?
Bernard Guttman: The linearity has been pretty steady. We haven’t seen any massive changes there. From the revenue point of view, Q3 is typically back end loaded and Q4 is typically front end loaded, but we’re not seeing any difference in our normal patterns.
Chris Rolland: Got it, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Kevin Cassidy: Thanks. You had mentioned the increased content in handsets and the new models. Can you give us a breakout of the Tier 1 models versus, say, the China-based midrange models?
Keith Jackson: Yes, so most of them are higher end models, and it’s about half China-based and half non-China OEM-based, when you add it up in aggregate. That’s been a fairly stable position. We strive to have some balance in that market because picking winners and losers is a difficult job.
Kevin Cassidy: Right, great. On your raw wafer capacity, what’s the goal for the total percentage of in-house wafer production, and where does it stand right now?
Keith Jackson: The production based on the capital investments we made this year will get us to about 50% internal supply, and I don’t see that shifting significantly in 2019.
Kevin Cassidy: Great. Congratulations.
Keith Jackson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: Morning. Nice job on the quarterly execution, guys . Good to see the ramp in your 5G design wins, medium voltage products. Can you guys just help us understand where these wins are situated? Is it primarily power supply or the compute PSP processor, power management or signal chain? Any color here would be appreciated.
Keith Jackson: Yes, it’s almost exclusively the power related products for 5G in all instances.
Harlan Sur: Great. Can you guys maybe at a high level discuss the order trends thus far here in the December quarter? I know it’s a bit early, but normal seasonal quarter on quarter trend for the team is kind of flat to down 2% in the March quarter. Anything that you’re seeing that would lead you to believe that things could play out a bit differently at this point?
Bernard Guttman: Currently, we don’t have any visibility that would indicate otherwise.
Harlan Sur: All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rajvindra Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Rajvindra Gill: Thank you and congrats as well. Just some clarification on the previous question. Could you specific what the book to bill was for the September quarter, and more specifically for the month of September, any kind of clarity there?
Bernard Guttman: We don’t normally spell out these numbers, but it was above 1.
Rajvindra Gill: Okay, and there wasn’t any signs of abnormal order cancellations or rescheduling? 
Keith Jackson: None at all.
Rajvindra Gill: Okay, got it. Another follow-up on that - in terms of your Q4 guidance, and it might be difficult to elucidate this, but how much do you think the guidance is related to any kind of pull-in of demand from early next year ahead of the tariff increases? I know you had a lot of semi content gains in auto, industrial, cloud server, etc. Any kind of clarity on that?
Keith Jackson: We really don’t have any indication that that’s what’s going on. Again, if you look at the percentage of products that are imported back into the U.S., I don’t know how significant that could be, but certainly we’ve been given no indications from customers that that’s what’s going on.
Rajvindra Gill: Last question, just a housekeeping, what’s the tax rate expected for 2019?
Bernard Guttman: Approximately 10%. 
Rajvindra Gill: All right, thanks again. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I’m hoping for a update on how many synergies may be left to achieve in COGS from Fairchild, and related to that, I think ON had planned product qualifications recently that would allow ON to consolidate factories somewhat faster in a future downturn, if necessary, than some of the past downturns. Can you give us an update on what ON may have done on that front and what it could mean for your cost structure?
Bernard Guttman: Sure. On the synergies, we basically had said that it would come in throughout ’18 and spill over into ’19. We are seeing good traction on that. We are, I would say, not completely done but getting close to being done on that front. On the other question--what was the other question?
Mark Delaney: I thought you had qualified certain products out of multiple factories.
Bernard Guttman: Oh yes. We always--as a matter of business, we always like to have multiple source qualifications, and we talked about potentially having some footprint consolidations which we have also indicated that with the high demand we have right now, we are not executing to, but it is always something that we have in the back of our minds in case we have a disruption in a more--in a stronger downturn.
Mark Delaney: Got it. My second question, I was just hoping for some more clarity about how much revenue ON is recognizing currently in automotive from silicon carbide products, and how you expect that to come in for 2019. Thanks very much.
Keith Jackson: We are not giving specifics on that yet, but as I mentioned, in total silicon carbide would be in the tens of millions this year, ramping multiples each year.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach: Great, thank you. Keith, if I can contrast just some of the markets in terms of what you’re seeing, so stability in automotive versus some weakness in industrial. Can you just talk about some of the demand signals you’re seeing in each of those instances from customers?
Keith Jackson: Again, we’ve seen very positive demand signals. Bernard mentioned a book to bill over 1, that is in aggregate and comprehends the weaknesses we talked about in China consumer and industrial areas. Both of them, I would say are seasonal. The automotive piece is higher than seasonal because of content gains, and the industrial piece when you offset for the weakness in China is pretty close to normal. 
Craig Hettenbach: Okay, and then China where you are seeing some weakness, can you talk about when that developed within the quarter and how it’s looking into [indiscernible] this quarter?
Keith Jackson: That actually started developing in the third quarter, I’d say kind of the August time frame, so it wasn’t the end of the month, and it stabilized very quickly after some initial adjustments.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay, thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today’s question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Parag Agarwal, VP of Corporate Development and Investor Relations, for any further remarks.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences during the quarter. Thank you and goodbye. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - VP, Corporate Development & IR Keith Jackson - President & CEO Bernard Gutmann - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Christopher Danely - Citi Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Tristan Gerra - Baird Chris Caso - Raymond James Rajvindra Gill - Needham & Company Craig Ellis - B. Riley FBR Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna International Group Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Harsh Kumar - Piper Jaffray Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley John Pitzer - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the On Semiconductor Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Parag Agarwal, VP of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Sonya. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's Second Quarter 2018 Quarterly Results Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast along with our earnings release for the second quarter of 2018 will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels and share count are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for first quarter of 2018. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other factors except as required by the law. As announced earlier, we will host our 2019 Analyst Day on March 8 in Scottsdale, Arizona. If you would like to attend the event and haven't received an invitation, please let us know. During the third quarter, we will attend Citi Technology [ph] conference in New York on September 6 and Deutsche Bank Technology Conference in Las Vegas of September 12. Now let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of second quarter 2018 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We delivered yet another quarter of strong financial results which exceeded our guidance and street consensus on all key metrics. Near to midterm outlook for our business remains strong and overhand related to trade policy and theories has not had any meaningful impact in our business or outlook. Long-term outlook for our business continues to strengthen driven by our accelerating momentum in automotive, industrial and server markets. Our margin performance remains strong and continuing expansion in both gross margin and operating margins. Global macroeconomic environment remains stable and we are seeing strong demand for most geographies in the end market. Customers are upbeat about near to midterm outlook. However, the sustaining strong demand has strained the semiconductor industry supply chain. As we indicated in the previous call to further accelerate our revenue momentum and margin expansion, we are making prudent investments in our manufacturing infrastructure. Now, let me provide you additional details on our second quarter 2018 results. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2018 was $1,456 million, an increase of 9% as compared to revenue of $1,338 million in the second quarter of 2017. GAAP net income for the second quarter was $0.35 per diluted share as compared to $0.22 in the second quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $0.46 per share as compared to $0.36 in the second quarter of 2017. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 38.1%. On a GAAP basis, our second quarter gross margin improved by 130 basis points year-over-year and on a non-GAAP basis, gross margin improved by 120 basis points year-over-year. The strong gross margin performance was driven by solid operational execution and improving mixed results from higher contribution from our automotive industrial and server business. Second quarter gross margin was negatively impacted by the rising certain input costs. We anticipate ramp in additional internal wafer capacity. Towards the end of the year, we'd expect to partially offset the impact of increased input costs. With tailwinds from additional manufacturing synergies, ramp of internal raw wafer capacity and continuing mixed improvement, we expect to make strong progress towards our target model in the current year. GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2018 was 13.5% as compared to 11.5% in the second quarter of 2017. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2018 was 16.3%, an increase of approximately 160 basis points over 14.7% in the second quarter of 2017. On a year-over-year revenue increase of 9% for the second quarter of 2018, our non-GAAP operating income increased by 21%. This strong operating income performance demonstrate the leverage and strength of our operating model. GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were $358 million, as compared to $338 million for the second quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were $318 million as compared to $297 million in the second quarter of 2017. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses as a percent of revenue to decline for the remainder of the year and we expect to make strong progress in 2018 towards our target non-GAAP operating expense intensity of 21%. Second quarter free cash flow was $117 million and operating cash flow was $270 million. Capital expenditures during the second quarter were $153 million which equate to capital intensity of 10%. Recall that to meet accelerating demand for our products and to mitigate the impact of steep rising prices of raw wafers, we expect to a higher level of capital intensity in the current and next year. We continue to delever our balance sheet and in the second quarter we used $80 million to pay down our debt. We exited the second quarter of 2018 with cash and cash equivalents of $850 million, as compared to $925 million in the first quarter of 2018. We used $40 million cash to repurchase 1.7 million shares of our stock. At the end of the second quarter, base of inventory on hand were 122 days, down by a day as compared to 123 days in the first quarter. Inventory increased in absolute terms in the second quarter as compared to the first quarter. A part of the increase was driven by strategic build of inventory of certain raw materials. As I indicated earlier, the semiconductor supply chain is strained and we're making prudent investments to ensure continuity of timely supply of our products to our customers. We intend to continue to build strategic inventory of raw material till supply situation stabilizes. We expect our internal inventories to continue to decline in terms of base in the third quarter. Distribution inventory declined quarter-over-quarter in the second quarter. We expect distribution inventories to remain within our normal range of 11-13 weeks in the near term. To mitigate the risks of excessive inventory in the channel, we are proactively managing inventory in the distribution channel. We have implemented systems to ensure that distributors don't carry more inventory than is needed to support 11-13 weeks of resales. For the second quarter of 2018, our lead times were up quarter-over-quarter. Our factory utilization for the second quarter was down quarter-over-quarter. Now, let me provide you an update on the performance of our business units, starting with the Power Solutions Group or PSG. Revenue for PSG for the second quarter was $748 million. Revenue for the Analog Solutions Group for the second quarter of 2018 was $513 million and revenue for the Intelligence Sensing Group, formerly known as Image Sensor Group was $195 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. The second quarter of 2018 was yet another strong quarter for ON Semiconductor. We delivered strong revenue growth and robust margin expansion which culminated in strong earnings performance for the company. Our momentum continues to accelerate driven by strong traction of our products in automotive, industrial and server markets. Our design win pipeline continues to expand as customer increasingly engage with us for power, analog and sensor semiconductor solutions for the most demanding applications. We continue to strengthen our position as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly emerging and disruptive applications in automotive and industrial end markets. With tail ends from increasingly favorable macroeconomic conditions and strong momentum in our business, we continue to make strong progress towards our target financial model. While we are benefiting from our leadership in key segments of automotive, industrial and server markets, overall business conditions remain favorable and demand continues to be strong across most end market. Pricing continues to be benign as compared to historic trends. Overhang related to trade policy in tariffs hasn't impacted the demand environment in any meaningful manner and customers are upbeat about near to midterm outlook for their businesses. As I've indicated in recent earnings calls, our business today is driven by sustainable secular growth drivers in the fastest growing semiconductor end markets, as opposed to being driven by macroeconomic and industry cyclicality a few years ago. Through our investments over the last many years in high growth segments and in highly differentiated products in automotive and industrial end markets, we have radically transformed the nature of our business. Customers are increasingly relying on us as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly emerging and disruptive applications in automotive and industrial end markets. Along with strong revenue momentum, our execution on operations front has been outstanding. Our operating model has shown strong operating leverage. As Bernard mentioned earlier, on a year-over-year revenue increase of 9% for the second quarter, our non-GAAP operating income increased by 21%. Despite increases in certain input cost which has negatively impacted the pace of our margin expansion, our margin drivers remained intact. With the ramp of our internal raw wafer capacity later this year, we should be able to partially offset the increase in input cost. At the same time, make shifts towards margin-rich automotive and industrial end markets should drive additional margin expansion. Now I'll provide details on the progress in our various end markets for the second quarter of 2018. Revenue for the automotive market in the second quarter was $454 million and represented 31% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter automotive revenue grew by an impressive 10% year-over-year. For the second quarter, we again saw strong broad-based demand for most product lines and our momentum in the automotive market continues to accelerate driven by robust design win pipeline and leadership in the fastest growing segments to the automotive market. During the second quarter, we saw strong demand for image sensors for ADAS applications. Our traction in ADAS image sensors continues to accelerate. With the complete line of image sensors including 1, 2 and 8 megapixels, we are the only provider of a complete range of pixel densities on a single platform for the next generation ADAS in autonomous driving applications. We believe that a complete line of image sensors on a single platform provides us with significant competitive advantage and we continue working to extend our technology lead over our competitors. Demand for power products for automotive applications continues to grow. With one of the broadest power portfolios in the automotive applications, we continue to see strong growth in our power-related revenue for automotive applications. Other growth drivers for the second quarter automotive revenue included power management for ADAS and instrument clusters, LED lighting, start-stop alternators and 48-volt systems. Also, we are seeing strong growth for our silicon-based power products in the EV/HEV market. Our silicon carbide development remains on track and we expect to see silicon carbide-related revenue from automotive market in the second half of this year. Recently, we announced former launch of our silicon carbide diodes for the automotive market. Our silicon carbide-related design win pipeline is expanding in an impressive rate. We are well-positioned to benefit from a transition to 48-volt electric systems from 12-volt in automobiles. Due to proliferation of electric systems such as ADAS, Infotainment, connectivity, etcetera, the 12-volt automotive electro system is being burdened by technology. Furthermore, due to ever-tightening global CO2 emission regulations and increased demand for improved fuel economy, light vehicles are in need of more power as electromechanical systems transition to highly efficient full electric systems. The need for higher power in light vehicles is driving transition to 48-volt electric systems. ON Semiconductor offers an expanding portfolio of 48-volt products including a full line of MOSFETs, integrated power modules, currents and amplifiers, gate drivers and EP [ph] devices. Revenue in the third quarter for the automotive end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The industrial end market which includes military, aerospace and medical contributed revenue of $402 million in the second quarter. The industrial end market represented 28% of our revenue in the second quarter. Our second quarter industrial revenue grew by a solid 14% year-over-year and strength in the industrial market was very broad-based with all the sub-segments posting robust year-over-year growth. With a broad range of power products for complete spectrum of voltages starting from low voltage to high voltage, we have one of the most comprehensive portfolios of power devices and modules. We have clearly emerged as a credible alternative to the current leader in power semiconductor market and consequently, customers are engaging with us in an increasing rate. We expect the demand for our power products for the industrial market to continue to accelerate. While the EV/HEV market is a key driver for our automotive business, we are also seeing complementary growth in our IGBT business, driven by charging stations for EV/HEV. Along with our power products, machine vision is rapidly emerging as a key driver of our industrial revenue. As we have indicated earlier, according to independent research firms, ON Semiconductor is the leader in image sensors for industrial applications. We continue to leverage our expertise in the automotive market to address most demanding applications in industrial and machine vision markets. Both of these markets are driven by artificial intelligence and face similar challenges such as low light conditions, high dynamic range and harsh operating environments. Revenue in the third quarter for the industrial end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. The communications end market which includes both networking and wireless contributed revenue of $249 million in the second quarter. Communications end market represented 17% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter communications revenue declined by 3% year-over-year due to weakness in the smartphone market. While smartphone market has slowed down during the last few quarters, our content in smartphones has been increasing with every generation of new devices. We expect continued growth in our content on new smartphone devices in the near to midterm. Revenue in the third quarter for the communications end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality, increased content and a launch of new device models. The competing end market contributed $147 million in the second quarter. Computing end market represented 10% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter computing revenue grew by 17% year-over-year. The year-over-year growth was driven primarily by a ramp in our cloud and server business. We are seeing strong traction in our server business. We are engaged with leading cloud and silver players and we are working with leading CPU providers on their next-generation platforms. Our engagement with customers in cloud servers and server ecosystem continue to grow. We expect continued growth in our server business in the near to midterm. In addition to on-board power management, we are seeing acceleration in demand for our mid-voltage and high-voltage power products for server power supplies. Revenue in the third quarter for the computing end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality and a continuing ramp in the server business. The consumer end market contributed $203 million in the second quarter. Consumer end market represented 14% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter 2018 consumer revenue was up 7% as compared to consumer revenue in the second quarter of 2017. Strength in white goods was a key driver of year-over-year growth in the consumer end market in the second quarter. Revenue in the third quarter for the consumer end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. In summary, demand for our products is accelerating. Driven by strong customer acceptance of our power and log and sensor products for automotive, industrial and server end markets. In face of strong demand environment and constrained supply conditions in the semiconductor industry, our execution remains solid in all fronts. We're investing to increase our manufacturing capacity and further strengthen our industry-leading cost structure. We have established leadership in highly differentiated power, analog and sensor semiconductor solutions. Customers are increasingly relying on us as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly emerging and disruptive applications in automotive and industrial end markets. Along with strong revenue performance, we are driving significant margin expansion. We continue to make solid progress towards our target financial model. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate the total ON Semiconductor revenues will be $1.485 billion to $1.535 billion in the third quarter of 2018. For the third quarter of 2018, we expect the GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 38% to 39% and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of 38.1% to 39.1%. Factory utilization in the third quarter is likely to be flat as compared to that in the second quarter. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $348 million to $366 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, acid impairments and other charges which are expected to be $29 million to $33 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $319 million to $333 million. We expect our non-GAAP operating expenses as percentage of revenue to decline from current levels during the remainder of the year. We anticipate third quarter GAAP net other income and expense including interest expense will be $32 million to $35 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expenses including interest expense will be in the $23 million to $25 million. Cash pay for income taxes in the third quarter of 2018 is expected to be $11 million to $15 million. We expect our 2018 cash tax rate to be lower than 10%. We expect toll capital expenditures of $120 million to $140 million in the third quarter of 2018. We also expect share-based compensation of $19 million to $21 million in the third quarter of 2018, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share counts for the third quarter of 2018 is expected to be in the $445 million to $447 million shares based on current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the third quarter of 2018 is expected to be 432 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form-10Q and Form-10K. For the full year of 2018, we expect to generate free cash flow of approximately $800 million. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Sonya, please open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Keith, first one for you. At a high level, demand sounds strong across the board and I know you talked about the secular drivers versus the cyclical drivers. But when you're putting this much CapEx to work, how do you think about the magnitude capacity you want to bring online and the duration of the elevated CapEx versus an industry that is cyclical and a macroeconomic expansion that a lot of people will argue with long in the tooth?
Keith Jackson: Understood. Yes. We have been investing specifically to match the growth we've had for the last couple of years looking in the high single digits, low double-digits. That has put a strain in our overall capacity and frankly, we're looking at economical ways to extend that capacity. So we're not getting ahead of things, we're certainly not putting capacity in place that we expect to be idling. The other piece of it is all of the work we've been doing is going to lead to further cost reductions overtime with more automation as we've been investing. So net-net, we're expecting at least another year of high single digit growth. We're investing for that and then we should return to a much more normal 6% to 7% growth.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thanks for that. And then as my follow up one for you, Bernard, on the OpEx side of things, you talked about the OpEx intensity falling through the back half of the year, obviously we can do the math on what you just guided to in the third quarter. But in the fourth quarter, typically your revenues go down a little bit seasonally. Is your OpEx guidance that you're actually going to be able to get better OpEx leverage even into the fourth quarter? And then how should we think about next year on that same metric?
Bernard Gutmann: The only clarification there -- thanks, Ross -- is on the fourth quarter, we have a few extra days. That is something that will have to play into the equation. But nevertheless, we still expect to be coming down from the 22% level we have last year and the 21.8% we had in the first half.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Danely of Citi. Your line is now open.
Christopher Danely: Hey. Thanks, guys. Just a follow-up on OpEx. In Q1, that was at the high-end of the range you guide for and this quarter I think it was either the high end of the range or above it. So can you just talk about why it has missed the middle of expectations or I guess what has gone wrong so far and what you're doing to fix it going forward?
Keith Jackson: We have been within the range, we were also slightly below the high end of the range, but still within the range in the second quarter. We have targeted to increase our investments in R&D in certain areas that we have talked about -- things like a silicon carbide, LiDAR, all of the power discrete stuff, we have decided to invest a little bit more in that. We have also had strong higher mitigation cost. So in the third quarter, we expect in absolute dollars to still go up although as the percent of revenue will be coming down. Those are the main causes. It's mostly R&D investments.
Christopher Danely: Yes. And then on the tightness in the industry, can you just talk about what your lead times are doing or what lead times are doing at the competitors as well?
Keith Jackson: We believe lead times are extended across the board everywhere. We did have a slight increase ourselves in the last quarter. I'm not sure that that will continue to expand. I expect that it will start to normalize quickly as capital expenditures finally catch up in the second half.
Christopher Danely: Thanks, Keith. Just a clarification, can you just tell us what the lead times were and what is normal?
Keith Jackson: Normal is kind of low-teens and we are above that at this time.
Christopher Danely: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on good growth and execution. Keith, on the wafer capacity investment, is there something that helps you meet your 40% gross margin target? Or can you actually see that investment driving, beating off that target? I think we sort of know what the cost is of all these investments, but what, and when, and how much is the benefit on that they should see?
Keith Jackson: Yes. On the actual wafer growing side, it's offsetting a lot of increased costs, but frankly, we need that to handle increased demands right now. It's moderating the overall cost in the supply chain as opposed to offering real reductions in total, because again, we need all the capacity there.
Vivek Arya: Okay. And then when you started your top line growth was expected to be about 3% to 4%. You're growing closer to 9%. Is this macro? Is this your specific product cycle? Just how is your visibility to maintain this kind of growth over the next handful of quarters?
Keith Jackson: Yes. We're very encouraged and it's being driven by specific high growth applications in our target markets. So it's not just a strong economy, it's frankly the acceleration of electronic usage in automotive for safety and automation, and industrial for power savings and new applications to support things like charging stations in the market place. So very encouraged, it's a design win pipeline, it is accelerating faster than we expected and not just a strong economy.
Vivek Arya: And just last quick one clarification. Bernard, can you remind us how much is left in the buybacks and what would be the trigger to become more aggressive on the buy back side?
Keith Jackson: The buyback, we had for about $1 billion, we have used, we are still around $600,000 available. We did $40 million in the second quarter which we presented about $1.7 million. Now we are still also being down our debt. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we reduced our debt by about $80 million.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Shawn Harrison: All right. Good morning and congrats on the result. Is there a way to maybe clarify how much margin press are you seeing right now from the input cost or profitability that you're living on the table that will begin to mitigate in the second half of the year?
Keith Jackson: We've had price increases on substrates from 25% to 40% increase year-over-year and then the lead frame area around 15% year-over-year. Those are very significant pressures. We've been able to partially offset that with some good pricing on our side, not having the declines that we normally see there. Being able to maintain that has partially offset that.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then maybe a question for you, Bernard. Getting to the $800 million free cash flow for the year requires a big step up into the second half. Maybe if you could just speak to the components of the acceleration and free cash flow and knowing it's typically a little bit back end weighted.
Keith Jackson: Yes, Shawn. Thank you. Definitely, historical pattern shows us that the free cash flow generation is substantially back and low and that we expect that that pattern will continue. We did step up on our CapEx in the second quarter, even beyond 8% to 9% small lift, so expect that will be normalizing to that 8% to 9% and we have some investments as we talked about in working capital. Some of those will be slowing down in the third and fourth quarter. But we expect the operational performance will also help us lift those numbers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Baird. Your line is now open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to follow up on an earlier question. So you've mentioned price increases in substrates and wafers. What was the best impact on your gross margin? And what will be the percent of change-in your own ASPs embedded in the Q3 guidance?
Keith Jackson: Take in reverse order, our ASP expectations and the guidance is relatively benign compared to normal, not increasing. Still a slight decline, but not very much. As far as contributions or margin pressure in our results, the raw materials side of the equation represents roughly 40% or more of the costs for the products. So if you use the percentages I gave you, you'll get a rough idea of how much pressure there was.
Tristan Gerra: Okay, great. And then could you tell us on the [indiscernible] that the point of sale was sequentially in Q2 and whether he percent of change embedded in your Q3 guidance?
Parag Agarwal: Tristan, can you repeat the question, please?
Tristan Gerra: I was looking at percentage change in point at sales, so the sell through in Q2 sequentially and...
Keith Jackson: Yes. Resales in the channel were substantially up and that allowed us to reduce in number of weeks of inventory. It was definitely higher up even than our own internal revenue print out.
Tristan Gerra: And for Q3?
Keith Jackson: We expect it to be up and about seasonal.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Caso of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. The first question is on the communications base. It looks like that came in a little better than your expectations. Can you talk about what you're seeing in that space and the expectation as you move into the September quarter?
Keith Jackson: September quarter as you would guess cease new phone launches, which is the bigger piece of the revenue there. So we are expecting continued sequential increase there per normal. Again, year-on-year comparisons which we gave in our prepared remarks for Q2, certainly things were down. Q3 should see something returning to very similar levels to last year.
Chris Caso: Okay, thank you. And just a follow-up, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, silicon carbide. Just a couple of questions on that. Can you talk about when that becomes material in terms of revenue? I guess the expectation that build the second half of this year into 2019. Maybe talk a bit about what you expect to differentiate in the silicon carbide space?
Keith Jackson: Basically, there it is performance-based. In most of our sales, we expect to happen in modules where we get to match performance with our full portfolio. So therefore, we do think there is going to be a competitive edge on total efficiency in the marketplace. That growth again starts here in the second half, but we expected it will accelerate significantly in 2019 and by second half of next year provide significant revenue.
Chris Caso: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rajvindra Gill of Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Rajvindra Gill: Yes. Thanks and congrats on good results and momentum. You talked about capacity gives strength and that has played the industry and one of other competitors as well. I was wondering if you could kind of explain why that is happening? Did the entire industry underestimate the level of demand that's happening? Any thoughts on the capacity constraint environment and one of the reasons?
Keith Jackson: Well, there's several levels of reasons for constraints. I think the raw material piece of it frankly is under investment that occurred in both silicon substrate markets and lead frame markets for the last number of years. Again, under-calling if you will, the future demands and that's creating a lot of pressure on the supply chain side and then frankly, on the product side, if you can get through that, some of the disruptive applications have taken off much, much faster than people expected. That combination has provided quite a few constraints in the market.
Rajvindra Gill: Bernard, you have mentioned that you believe you'll be able to reach your target model this year. Were you talking about with respect to gross margins? I believe your growth margin target was 40%, achieved in 2020.
Bernard Gutmann: We have basically say we are going to be good and nice progress towards it. The target model is still out for 2020 and we are working in accelerate -- and doing some good progress towards it, but do not expect it we'll need it in 2018.
Rajvindra Gill: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from [indiscernible]. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. In the prepared comments, you mentioned that industrial is expected to be down sequentially in the third quarter. Albeit up meaningfully year-over-year, is it just the effects of normal or typical seasonality? Or is there something else in play here?
Keith Jackson: It's mostly seasonality.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then keeping on that track of seasonality, you referred from some other peers that in typical seasonality has been almost altered over the past couple of years. Have you seen that in your businesses as well, or are you still speaking to generally historical trend?
Keith Jackson: I think our company specifically with the M&A that we've done, we've had a change in profile, but directionally, that seasonality is still correct. I would say that in general terms, the Q2 to Q3 has moderated a little bit and it's now around 3% to 4%. It used to be more because you had more computing and consumer and combinations in the number. And now with automotive and industrial, it's a little bit more front-loaded, but hasn't changed materially.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis of B. Riley FBR. Your line is now open.
Craig Ellis: Yes. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the execution, guys. Keith, I wanted to follow up on one of the Q&A comments. I think it was in response to Ross' question about CapEx. I think you mentioned that some of the investment that is being made now is because there's a view that high single digit growth could persist into 2019. I wanted to understand better where that visibility might exist across product groups and is that really related to the strategic groups like industrial and auto, or the business overall?
Keith Jackson: Yes. It's driven mainly by industrial and auto and the design wins that we have secured there enhanced strong visibility on. The server market, also same situation where we know what those design wins are next year and then in addition to that, I mentioned in the last call, we're getting long term agreements for supply and those are adding up quickly. So we have much more confidence than we normally would have, looking at a year ahead.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for that. Then the follow up is for Bernard. Just housekeeping item, Bernard. Tax rates, should we still expect 10% for this year and the next couple of years, or is it coming in lower than that?
Bernard Gutmann: I expect it for 2018 to be lower and that's why I said in the prepared remarks and for the 19%, 20%, 10% is still a good number.
Craig Ellis: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland of Susquehanna International Group. Your line is now open.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. I know you guys in your prepared remarks said you didn't think there were any effects from tariff fears out there. But one of your competitors actually mentioned that in the white box market -- you guys have obviously done pretty well there -- but for them, they said that customers were reluctant to hold finished goods inventory. Perhaps you could talk about that? Are you seeing any sort of effects at all from that? And just talk about maybe tariff fears and how you view that more broadly.
Keith Jackson: We have not seen that in any of the businesses yet. The white goods piece, the tariffs got implemented on the consumer white goods some time ago, several quarters ago. So I'm not sure how that plays out and in the air conditioner market, we have not seen any of those concerns. Quite frankly, we've seen no lack of demand and no hesitation from customers ordering to their run rate.
Christopher Rolland: Great, and one for Bernard. I noticed you changed your range, you narrowed it for a gross margin guidance and I was just wondering what gives you more confidence there? And should we expect that narrow range looking forward?
Bernard Gutmann: We were just looking at our historical patterns and we feel confident that we don't need as wide as a range for guiding purposes. Historical performance tells us that we should be able to within that range.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Kevin Cassidy: Thank you and congratulations on the great result. Keith, you have mentioned in your prepared remarks in computing higher power supply -- interest on higher voltage power supply. Are you seeing any trend at all? I know Google has mentioned of 48-volt coming into the data center for better power efficiency. Are you seeing...
Keith Jackson: Yes. Definitely planning around that, not a lot of revenue today.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. With the same products that you're developing for automotive, be able to play into that?
Keith Jackson: Same technologies. The products are actually different, but the technologies are the same.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. If I could ask one other. On the internal wafer, I think last quarter, you have said there was slightly less than 15% of your total usage. What's the target? How high of a percentage you expect to have internal wafers?
Keith Jackson: We're expecting to bring it up to about that 50% point and that's our target unless the industry continues to experience difficulties.
Kevin Cassidy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. My first question is a follow up on that same topic about the internal raw wafer supply. Are you seeing any benefit from increased internal supply in your Q3 '18 guidance and when would you expect to have that full 50% from in-house wafers?
Keith Jackson: Yes. The equipment doesn't really get up and running until the third quarter, which means those substrates won't fall through our P&L till the fourth. So we should start seeing benefits in the fourth quarter and full benefit by Q1.
Mark Delaney: It's helpful. A follow up question on the industrial market and the prepared comments. You mentioned shared gain and of the strong year-over-year growth, do you have a scent about how much is just product cycles and just on-demand and how much of it is coming from that shared gain that you guys spoke to?
Keith Jackson: You can look at the industry numbers to figure out what the year-over-year market gains would be and all the delta would be from shared gains. I don't know if it's half and half, but it's something in that order of magnitude.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur of JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Great job on the quarter -- the execution. ISG was down about 2% year-over-year when your industrial business combined, it's growing about 12%. I know that you guys have talked about some of the headwinds as you move out some of the more commodity segments of the market. That might be hiding some of the growth of the focus areas. I know you guys have previously talked about auto-image sensor market growing about 20% on longer term CAGR. Is that how fast auto ISG revs are kind of trending right now?
Keith Jackson: Yes, it is. They're better than 20% growth in the automotive sector and that was offset by getting out of the consumer and handset markets. It is somewhat masks at the total level, but we're getting the performance from automotive we expect.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights there. And consumer, there's been a break spot where it's been healthy driving a high single digit, year-over-year growth actually for the last few quarters and this is versus your long-term view of mid to high single digit year-over-year declines. Help us understand what's been driving the strong year-over-year growth rates and do the trends here and your design win pipeline suggest the better longer term outlook versus what you guys put out at your last Analyst Day?
Keith Jackson: Yes. Most of it has been driven by better-than-expected white goods. That market has been good for us and it looks like people there are going for a much more efficient solutions on a percentage of their total bills than they're used to be doing. So we're getting good traction on our modules there.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Harsh Kumar: Hey, guys. Congratulations on solid numbers and solid guidance. I had two quick questions. Your industrial business sort of exploited up to 14% growth year-over-year, coming down seasonally in Q3. I guess if you don't mind, giving us some insight into what's driving that, what drove that 14% growth and embeds a delta pod that's falling for you on Q3 guide and then I have a follow up.
Keith Jackson: Yes. It was that year-on-year stuff was driven by many factors. Mostly power products and being used for increased efficiency across the entire industrial market. One of the areas that this caused in flattening is a slowing down in the solar market. Particularly in China as some of those subsidies have been relaxed. So that's creating a little bit of the down, but in general, the market remains robust and we expect again very strong growth on the yearly basis.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks, Keith. And then from our follow up, a couple other companies that have reported have basically given us some idea of how much of their product is manufactured in China, front and back end. Is there some way for us to think about or some color you can provide us to help us think about that number?
Keith Jackson: We do assembly test operations in China and I don't have specific numbers with me today, but it's probably in the third range on a dollar value of our total.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Keith, just a follow up question on lead time. You used to comment around normalizing quickly as capacity comes online. Do you think that's a Q3 or Q4 event in terms of lead times coming in?
Keith Jackson: No. I think the expansion will start slowing. What happened to us and I think has happened across the industry is that lead times or equipment expanded quite rapidly. So things you ordered last year just now coming into the third and fourth quarter. What I'm expecting is that that growth rate will be offset by equipment actually arriving. So I'm looking for a stop to the growth in the lead times in the third quarter with some opportunity for reduction towards Q4, Q1.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks. And just a question on the computing market, just researching some growth there and you talked about data center. Any context in terms of legacy, Fairchild portfolio in terms of contribution there and as you see things going forward?
Keith Jackson: Well, a significant growth in the sever arena is really from the legacy, or not legacy, but from the Fair acquisition. There is a power stage that they developed or what's growing the fastest in servers right now.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Can someone ask about the industrial guidance in Q3, relative to seasonal -- I guess I'll ask the same question on the auto, which I think is the only end market. You didn't reference relative to seasonal. I think two out of the last four years, it's been down, two out of last four years has been up, you're guiding up. How are you doing that seasonal versus content growth versus other drivers for September?
Keith Jackson: Yes. For us it's all content growth because most of the automotive makers take their lines down and convert them for the new models in Q3, which normally causes the disruption and the down part. And this year, the content piece has overwhelmed that.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then Bernard, I just want to go back to the free cash flow question asked earlier. The full year guide of $800,000 just suggest that the second half is going to be up over 100% over the first half and I know there is some seasonality into your free cash flow, you should get some tailwinds from CapEx coming down in the back half of the year, versus what looks like a peak in the June quarter. But are there any other one-offs that we should be thinking about and just given the real acceleration and the free cash flow on the back half of the year, how are you guys thinking about use of cash in Q3 and Q4?
Bernard Gutmann: Indeed. There is no additional things except just P&L generated as well as moderating working capital as well as CapEx that will generate -- that will help us generate the $800,000. The use of free cash flow, we do have our share buyback program. We did $40 million in Q2 and we did pay $80 million of debt. We will continue along the same path with similar approach.
John Pitzer: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Parag Agarwal for any further remarks.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences during the third quarter. Thank you and bye, bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you in participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Keith Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Parag Agarwal - Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations
Analysts: Philip Lee - Citi Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Vivek Arya - Bank of America Chris Caso - Raymond James Rajvindra Gill - Needham & Co. Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Craig Ellis - B. Riley Harsh Kumar - Piper Jaffray Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Harlan Sur - JP Morgan  Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho
Operator: Welcome ladies and gentlemen the First Quarter 2018 Earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require operator assistance, please press star then zero on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Parag Agarwal, VP of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation’s first quarter 2018 quarterly results conference call. I’m joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO, and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast along with our earnings release for the first quarter of 2018 will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels and share count are also posted on our website.  Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section.  During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for first quarter of 2018. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other factors except as required by the law.  For all synergies-related discussions on this call, we have used Fairchild’s 2015 results as the base for all comparisons.  We will host our 2019 Analyst Day on March 8 in Scottsdale, Arizona. We will send the invitations for the event shortly.  Now let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of the first quarter 2018 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We delivered yet another quarter of strong financial results which exceeded our guidance and street consensus on all key metrics. Near to midterm outlook for our business remains strong. Furthermore, long term outlook for our business continues to improve as we are seeing an inflection in long term demand for our products. We continue to expand our gross and operating margins, and we are making prudent investments to drive future revenue growth and margin expansion. With strong revenue growth coupled with margin expansion, our free cash flow generation remains robust. We are making strong progress towards our target financial model.  We continue to see solid strength in our business. Indications from our customers and macroeconomic data point to continuing strength in demand for our products in near to midterm. Our design win pipeline continues to expand, driven by a strong product portfolio for emerging and fast growing applications in the automotive and industrial end markets. Global macroeconomic environment remains highly favorable, and we are seeing strong demand from all geographies.  We see an upwards inflection in long term demand for our products, especially for automotive and industrial end markets. This inflection in demand is driven by strong traction of our power management products for medium and high voltage applications. We continue to further strengthen our position in imaging market for automotive and industrial applications and demand outlook for our imaging products continues to strengthen. We have established ourselves as a strategic long term partner for our customers and our customers are increasingly relying on us to meet long term demand for power management and sensor semiconductor products.  With increasing strategic engagement with us, many customers are now asking us to enter into long term supply agreements. Accelerating long term demand for our products and customer requests for long-term supply agreements necessitate us to increase the level of investment in our manufacturing capacity.  We continue to invest to drive our revenues and margins. We are also increasing our investment in our captive raw wafer manufacturing capacity in Czech Republic. The primary objective of our increased investment in our raw wafer manufacturing capacity is to offset the impact of steep rise in market prices for raw wafers. This investment should help us expand our margins as we don’t expect any moderation in raw wafer pricing for foreseeable future. I must point out that we are among a very few semiconductor companies with capability to manufacture their own raw wafers.  As a result of our increased capital investment, our capital intensity for 2018 and 2019 will likely be in 8% to 9% range as opposed to our target of 7%. As I indicated earlier, the increase in capital expenditure is driven by the need to make investments to adjust to a higher growth environment and to further improve our manufacturing cost structure We believe that after making higher capital investments in 2018 and ‘19, our long term capital intensity should come down to 7%.  Free cash flow generation remains a key priority for the company. Despite higher capital investments, we expect to generate approximately $800 million of free cash flow in 2018. We intend to use this free cash flow for deleveraging and share repurchases. I am very pleased to announce that we have reinitiated our stock repurchase program in the second quarter. Given our accelerating momentum in key strategic markets and our roadmap for margin expansion and free cash flow generation, we are very upbeat about our future outlook and we believe that repurchase of our shares at current price levels is a very attractive use of our cash.  Now let me provide you additional details on our first quarter 2018 results.  Total revenue for first quarter of 2018 was $1.378 billion, a decrease of 4% as compared to GAAP revenue of $1.437 billion in first quarter of 2017. Our revenue for the first quarter increased by 7% as compared to non-GAAP revenue of $1.282 billion in the first quarter of 2017. Recall that in the first quarter of 2017, we had a one-time benefit of $155 million to our revenue due to a change from sell-through to sell-in revenue recognition.  GAAP net income for the first quarter was $0.31 per diluted share as compared to $0.18 in the first quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $0.40 per diluted share as compared to $0.27 in the first quarter of 2017. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the first quarter was 37.6%. On GAAP basis, our first quarter gross margin improved by 260 basis points year over year, and on a non-GAAP basis, gross margin improved by 220 basis points year over year. This strong gross margin performance was driven by solid operational execution and improved mix resulting from higher contribution from our automotive, industrial, and server businesses. With tailwinds from additional manufacturing synergies from Fairchild, mix improvement, and portfolio optimization, we expect to make strong progress towards our target model in the current year. GAAP operating margin for first quarter of 2018 was 13.5% as compared to 12.7% in the first quarter of 2017. Our non-GAAP operating margin for first quarter of 2018 was 15.7%, an increase of approximately 250 basis points over 13.2% in first quarter of 2017.  On year-over-year non-GAAP revenue increase of 7% for the first quarter of 2018, our non-GAAP operating income increased by 28%. This strong operating income performance demonstrates the leverage and strength of our operating model.  GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were $332 million as compared to $320 million for the first quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were $301 million as compared to $285 million in the first quarter of 2017. Operating expenses for the first quarter were higher than the midpoint of the guidance due to higher revenue and increased R&D investments to support newly emerging opportunities in automotive and industrial end markets. We expect our non-GAAP operating expenses as percent of revenue to continue to decline for remainder of the year, and we expect to make strong progress in 2018 towards our target non-GAAP operating expense intensity of 21%.  First quarter free cash flow was $127 million and operating cash flow was $226.5 million. Capital expenditures during the first quarter were $100 million, which equate to a capital intensity of 7%. We continue to de-lever our balance sheet, and in the first quarter we used $136 million to pay down our debt. We exited first quarter of 2018 with cash and cash equivalents of $925 million as compared to $949 million in the fourth quarter of 2017.  At the end of first quarter of 2018, days of inventory on hand were 123 days, up by eight days as compared to 115 days at end of the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase in inventory was driven by expectation of continuing strong demand for our products in near to midterm. Semiconductor industry supply has been strained in recent months due a strong demand environment, and by maintaining an adequate level of inventory in line with expected demand, we want to ensure that we are able to meet our customer requirements. We expect our internal inventories to decline in terms of days during the second quarter of 2018.  After successive declines in the last three quarters, distribution inventory went up in the first quarter. This increase was driven by expectations of strong distribution sell-through in the second quarter. We expect distribution inventories to remain within our normal range of 11 to 13 weeks in the near term. To mitigate the risk of excessive inventory in the channel, we are pro-actively managing inventory in the distribution channel. We have implemented systems to ensure that distributors do not carry more inventory than that is needed to support 11 to 13 weeks of resales.  For the first quarter of 2018, our lead times were up slightly quarter over quarter. Our global factory utilization for the first quarter was slightly up quarter over quarter.  Now let me provide you an update on performance of our business units, starting with power solutions group, or PSG. Revenue for PSG was $693 million. Revenue for analog solutions group for the first quarter of 2018 was $496 million, and revenue for image sensor group was $189 million.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks Bernard. First quarter of 2018 was another successive quarter of strong results and solid all around performance. We continue to deliver strong revenue growth along with solid margin expansion and robust free cash flow generation. Our momentum in key strategic markets continues to accelerate driven by new products and our exposure to the fastest growing sub-segments in automotive and industrial markets. We are seeing strong ADAS, LED lighting, machine vision and energy efficiency applications. With tailwinds from increasing favorable macroeconomic conditions and strong momentum in our business, we are well positioned to make strong progress towards our target financial model in 2018.  Business conditions remain favorable and demand continues to strengthen across most end markets. Pricing continues to be benign as compared to historic trends. We are seeing strong demand for our products in automotive and industrial end markets. As I have indicated in recent earnings calls, our business today is driven by sustainable secular growth drivers in the fastest growing semiconductor end markets as opposed to being driven by macroeconomic and industry cyclicality a few years ago.  Through our investments over last many years in high growth segments and in highly differentiated products in automotive, industrial and communications end markets, we have radically transformed the nature of our business. Customers are increasingly relying on us as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly emerging and disruptive applications in automotive and industrial end markets.  The sustained demand for semiconductors over several past quarters has put pressure on the industry’s ability to meet demand. We expect this strength in demand to continue for foreseeable future, driven primarily by structural changes in the end market dynamics and a strong global macroeconomic environment. We expect demand for semiconductors from automotive and industrial end markets to continue to grow at a steady pace for next few years. Furthermore, revival of computing end market by artificial intelligence and data centers and emergence of new applications such as IoT should result in strong demand for a broad array of semiconductor products.  Given the increasingly strategic nature of our engagement with our customers and a generally tight semiconductor industry supply environment, many customers now want to enter into a long term supply agreement with us. To ensure that we are well positioned to address our customers’ demand, we intend to put in capacity to address areas of strategic thrust in automotive and industrial end markets. We are also making strong progress in expanding our capacity in our 8-inch joint venture fab in Japan.  As Bernard noted in his remarks, prices for raw wafers have increased substantially in last few months. We are among a very few semiconductor device manufacturers with captive wafer manufacturing operations. We have been able to moderate the impact of rise in cost of raw wafers. Given our outlook for semiconductor industry growth for next few years, we believe that prices for raw materials for semiconductor manufacturing will continue to be a challenge for the semiconductor industry. We are raising our investment to further extend our competitive advantage from our captive raw wafer operations.  With higher level of investments in strategic capacity for fast growing products and in our captive raw wafer manufacturing operations, we expect to see a rise in our capital intensity for 2018 and 2019. We expect capital intensity of 8% to 9% for 2018 and 2019, slightly higher than our target model of 7%. As Bernard indicated in his remarks, this higher level of capital intensity is driven by the need to make investments to adjust to better expected demand for our products. We expect capital intensity to subside to 7% after 2019.  Our margin performance continues to be stellar. Our operating model has shown strong operating leverage. As Bernard mentioned earlier, on a year-over-year revenue increase of 7% for the first quarter of 2018, our non-GAAP operating income increased by 28%. In-sourcing of Fairchild’s back end operations remains on track, and this in-sourcing should drive meaningful margin expansion in 2018 and 2019. At the same time, mix shift towards margin-rich automotive and industrial end markets and further divestiture of non-core businesses should drive additional margin expansion despite increases in prices for raw material.  Now I’ll provide details of the progress in our various end markets for first quarter of 2018.  Revenue for the automotive market in the first quarter was $445 million and represented 32% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter automotive revenue grew by 8% year over year. For the first quarter, we again saw strong broad-based demand for most product lines. We continue to see strong demand for our image sensors for ADAS applications. With a complete line of image sensors, including 1, 2, and 8 megapixels, we are the only provider of complete range of pixel densities on a single platform for the next generation ADAS and autonomous driving applications. We believe that a complete line of image sensors on a single platform provides us with significant competitive advantage, and we continue working to extend our technology lead over our competitors.  Our design win pipeline for ADAS continues to grow at a rapid pace. We are actively engaged with our ecosystem partners for development of next-generation ADAS systems, and we remain the primary image sensor partner for leading ADAS and autonomous driving technology leaders. Driven by our technology lead, we are seeing strong traction for our image sensors for ADAS applications in China. Our silicon carbide development remains on track and we expect to see silicon carbide-related revenue from automotive market in the second half of this year.  In addition to image sensors, we experienced strong growth in our mixed signal ASIC, power modules, and MOSFETs. Growth in our LED lighting business continues to accelerate driven by ramp of design wins and increased penetration of LEDs in automotive lighting. Our design win momentum continues to be strong in the automotive market. As car makers are increasing focusing on reducing carbon dioxide emissions, they are relying on us to provide highly efficient IGBTs and other power management devices. Revenue in the second quarter for the automotive end market is expected to be up quarter over quarter.  The industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace, and medical, contributed revenue of $362 million in the first quarter. The Industrial end market represented 26% of our revenue in the first quarter. Our first quarter industrial revenue grew by solid 11% year over year. The strength in industrial market was very broad based with all the sub-segments posting robust year-over-year growth.  We continue to benefit from demand for our power modules and power management semiconductor solutions for the industrial markets. Our power module business for industrial applications continues to grow at a tremendous pace and we expect this momentum to continue for next few years as we launch new products with higher efficiency. With focus on energy efficiency around the globe, our design win pipeline for our power modules continues to expand at a rapid rate, and we expect power modules to be a long-term driver for our industrial business.  We believe that we have one of the most comprehensive industrial power management portfolios comprising a broad range of devices across the power spectrum. This portfolio of devices is further complemented by a rapidly expanding portfolio of power modules for a broad range of applications ranging from alternative energy to commercial air conditioning. Customers are increasingly relying on us as a credible alternative to the current market leader for medium to high voltage power semiconductor solutions.  In the machine vision market, we continued our momentum with our Python line of image sensors. According to Yole Development, a leading market research firm, ON Semiconductor is the leader in image sensors for industrial applications. With leadership in industrial and automotive markets, ON Semiconductor has emerged as a powerhouse for the most demanding and challenging imaging applications. As I indicated on previous earnings calls, we continue to develop synergies with our expertise in the automotive imaging market to accelerate our growth in the machine vision market as both of these markets are driven by artificial intelligence and face similar challenges, such as low light conditions, dynamic range and harsh operating environments. Revenue in the second quarter for the industrial end market is expected to be up quarter over quarter.  The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $240 million in the first quarter. The communications end market represented 17% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter communications revenue declined by 3% year over year due to weakness in smartphone market, but with higher content and increasing penetration at large global OEMs, we were able to mitigate the impact of softness in overall market. Revenue in the second quarter for the communications end market is expected to be flat to down quarter over quarter due to softness in end market demand.  The computing end market contributed revenue of $149 million in the first quarter. The computing end market represented 11% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter computing revenue grew by 20% year over year. This year-over-year growth was driven primarily by ramp in our cloud and server business and a generally healthier client PC market. Momentum in our server business continues to accelerate.  As we indicated earlier, we expect our server business to be a meaningful part of our computing business in 2018. We are engaged with leading cloud and server players and are working with leading CPU providers on their next generation platforms. Revenue in the second quarter for computing end market is expected to be up quarter over quarter due to normal seasonality and continuing ramp in our server business.  The consumer end market contributed revenue of $182 million in the first quarter. The consumer end market represented 13% of our revenue in the first quarter. First quarter 2018 consumer revenue was up 7% as compared to consumer revenue in first quarter of 2017. Revenue in the second quarter for the consumer end market is expected to be approximately flat quarter over quarter.  In summary, demand for our products continues to strengthen and we are putting in additional capacity to ensure that we are able to meet customer demand for the next few years. At the same time, we are making investments in our captive raw wafer manufacturing capacity to extend our competitive advantage. Our execution remains solid on all fronts. We established leadership in highly differentiated power, analog, and sensor semiconductor solutions. Customers are increasingly relying on us as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly emerging and disruptive applications in automotive and industrial end markets. Along with strong revenue performance, we are driving significant margin expansion. We solidly remain on track to make strong progress in 2018 towards our target financial model.  Now I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be $1.405 billion to $1.455 billion in the second quarter of 2018. For the second quarter of 2018, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of 37% to 39%. Factory utilization in the second quarter is likely to be down as compared to that of the first quarter.  We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $333 million to $351 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be $28 million to $32 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $305 million to $319 million. The quarter-over-quarter increase in operating expenses in the second quarter is driven primarily by the seasonality of our stock based compensation grants. We expect our non-GAAP operating expenses as percentage of revenue to continue to decline for remainder of the year, and we expect to make strong progress in 2018 towards our target non-GAAP operating expense intensity of 21%.  We anticipate second quarter GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $32 million to $35 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $8 million to $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $24 million to $26 million.  Cash paid for income taxes in the second quarter of 2018 is expected to be $11 million to $15 million. We expect our 2018 cash tax rate to be 10% or lower.  We expect total capital expenditures of $130 million to $150 million in the second quarter of 2018. We also expect share-based compensation of $24 million to $26 million in the second quarter of 2018, of which $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures.  Our GAAP diluted share count for the second quarter of 2018 is expected to be 445 million to 447 million shares based on the current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the second quarter of 2018 is expected to be 432 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K.  For the full year 2018, we expect to generate free cash flow of approximately $800 million.  With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Sarah, please open up the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Danely from Citi. Your line is now open.
Philip Lee: Hi guys, this is Philip Lee on behalf of Chris Danely. Just wanted to ask you on the higher capital investments for the next calendar ’18 and ’19, what is the impact on the model in terms of gross margins, operating margins, and other changes to your long-term model? Thanks.
Bernard Gutmann: It basically should have no impact to that. As a matter of fact, it will enable us to have more strength and power for revenue growth, but it will not change any of our models in terms of margins.
Philip Lee: Got it, thanks. Then as a follow-up, can you talk about the pricing environment now and how it trended last quarter, and how you expect it to trend for the rest of the year?
Keith Jackson: Yes, it was much better than normal Q1s that we saw, so it’s very benign, and we expect that to continue for the rest of the year.
Philip Lee: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 
Ross Seymore: Hi guys, thanks for letting me ask a question. Keith, I wanted to talk about the cycle dynamic. Investors seemingly are increasingly concerned about the semi cycle once again. I know you talked about in your script that you believe ON is exposed to a lot more secular and a lot less cyclical dynamics, whether that be because of mix or some of these long-term agreements that you alluded to today. Can you talk a little bit more about why you think you’re more secularly exposed, and what does that mean, that the cycle won’t impact you or is it just a lot less than it did in the past?
Keith Jackson: We’re not predicting the end of cycles in the industry, but there are a couple of dynamics now that were not present in the last two decades, and that really is the acceleration of dollar content for power in automotive and industrial. The advantages that are being given in those two markets are really significantly increasing the amount of content per unit, which we think gives us a lot of moderation in any cycles that may be coming, so what we’re seeing is just a stronger overall demand for power semiconductors going forward.
Ross Seymore: Great. I guess as my follow-up, one for you, Bernard. Basically, both questions are going to be on inventory, internal and external. I remember you guys thought, at least on the internal side, you’d be flat to down on your day of inventory, and it went up, so I just want to see how is inventory going up as demand is so tight, and then why did utilization go up in the first quarter but now it’s going down in the second? It seems like there’s a lot of mixed messages there.
Bernard Gutmann: The inventory position is we’re really trying to position ourselves to be able to take advantage of demand, and as such we basically ran our factories very, very high during the first quarter to really position ourselves to have the inventories to serve the markets. When we talk about utilization in the second quarter, it’s marginally down - it’s virtually flat, so I don’t see that as a statistically meaningful change. It’s pretty much about the same level.
Ross Seymore: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Keith, on automotive, your Q1 growth year-on-year was quite decent, up 8%. On a sequential basis, it was up about 2%, which I think has been somewhat below the seasonal trends that you have seen. Any specific reason for that? I think as part of that, we also saw image sensors only grow 2 or 3% year on year, but you have seen that as a strong growth opportunity for ON, so if you could give us some more color on what’s happening in autos and then in image sensors in terms of these growth rates, that would be very helpful.
Keith Jackson: The image sensor piece, overall we’ve been managing the consumer part down as a margin play, so growth in total was much higher for the automotive image sensors than is reflected there in the division. The actual sequential for automotive up 20% year over-year, yes, so that’s actually substantially higher for that piece of the business. Then sequentially, there’s nothing significant. There was some shifts in customer patterns that happens from time to time, but there is no significance overall to the sequential.
Bernard Gutmann: Also noteworthy is that the fourth quarter sequential was very high, so we’re coming off a very high base. Where normally fourth quarter is modestly up, it was about 6% up sequentially.
Vivek Arya: I see. For my follow-up, another one on end markets in communications. I think it’s generally well understood that there is weakness in some high-end smartphone demand. Do you think June is sort of the bottom of this cycle and we should start to see more seasonal patterns in the back half, and if you could also give us some color in terms of where do you think the rebound could come from - could it come from your U.S. customers or Korean customers or Chinese customers? Any color on geography would also be very helpful, thank you. 
Keith Jackson: We do expect the second half to resume growth very significantly. We have new model launches from most of the cell phone manufacturers occurring in Q3, and so therefore we actually should see a nice pick-up in the second half.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good morning. A question on wafer capacity that you’re building. Can you talk about the magnitude of the capex there and then how much of that raw wafer capacity that you have internally, and how does that change with that new capacity that you put in place? 
Keith Jackson: It’s approximately a $60 million investment this year and should take our internal capabilities up about 15%.
Chris Caso: What’s the cost savings that you get from doing that?
Keith Jackson: It should be in the order of 15 to 25%, depending on the type of wafers.
Chris Caso: Okay. Just as a follow-up on capacity in general, can you talk in general terms, perhaps look out over the last year or so, how much additional capacity you’ve put in place? I know that’s a tough question because there’s differences between front end and back end capacity, but I guess the nature of the question is how capacity has been expanding as related to how demand has been increasing.
Keith Jackson: I could only give you estimates. That would be calculations that I don’t have in front of me. Certainly we have been adding capacity for the double-digit growth we’ve been getting, and so with the exception of the raw wafer capacity, it is all additive to a revenue perspective.
Chris Caso: All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rajvindra Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Rajvindra Gill: Yes, thank you, and congrats on the solid results. Just a follow-up again on the wafers. You talked about that you’re one of the few companies that actually has internal manufacturing for raw wafers. Can you talk a little bit about how that can give you a competitive advantage going forward, both from a cost savings perspective but also from a product delivery? I kind of view that as a unique advantage that you have in the marketplace. 
Keith Jackson: Yes. In addition to pricing going up fairly significantly for external wafers, we also have capacity limitations. It’s a very, very tight market, and I think that’s well known, so we get to protect our top line growth as well as improve our gross margins. It is not our intent to produce all of our wafers internally, but it is in the specialty areas where we think there might be constraints for the industry, we’re making those investments to make sure we’re not constrained in our growth and to have a price advantage. As I mentioned earlier, it’s anywhere from 15 to 25% depending on the type of wafer.
Rajvindra Gill: Very good. Bernard, the capex intensity is increasing. We’ve been in kind of a supply constraint environment for several quarters, actually starting at the beginning of last year, so I’m just wondering, the entire industry, have they underestimated the level of demand that’s coming from auto industrial, now that we’ve had many quarters where we’ve seen increasing dollar content for auto industrial machine vision applications? I’m just trying to get a sense of--it seems like the demand environment is coming in much stronger than expected and this has been happening for several quarters, and the industry is trying to catch up as fast as they can. Just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on that as well, thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: I think we agree with your statement, with your assessment. Definitely the demand environment for us has been very strong for those end markets, for automotive and industrial, and as such we are trying to make sure we have the capacity to serve those needs. We believe we are also gaining share, so as a result we are definitely increasing our capex investments to make sure that we are in a position to serve those demands.
Rajvindra Gill: Do you see capex investments increasing the across the industry?
Bernard Gutmann: Slightly.
Rajvindra Gill: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, good morning. If I may follow up just on the capex outside of the raw wafers, with the Fujitsu investment announced last year and now the increase in capex outside of the raw wafers, is there a way to highlight what dollar of capex going in would represent in terms of revenue opportunity for you coming out on the other side, in terms of just the return on that investment?
Keith Jackson: I would say our 7% model we put in place was for something in the low to mid-single digit growth rates, and as we go to the 8 or 9, we’re now looking for something in the high single digit range.
Shawn Harrison: Okay, thank you. As a follow-up, with $800 million-plus of free cash forecast for calendar ’18, that implies give or take around $700 million for the rest of the year. Could you split between buyback versus debt reduction? Is it a 50/50 split? Just some type of range we should think about for the next three quarters of the year.
Bernard Gutmann: We haven’t given the details on that, but we will continue de-levering in a meaningful way and at the same time have some share buybacks to have a full picture.
Shawn Harrison: Is there a minimum level of leverage that you’d not like to go below, Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: At this moment, not really. Obviously we don’t really want to get to zero, and for that we need still a lot of money to pay down our debt, but we are also trying to risk manage the rising interest rate environment we are currently under.
Shawn Harrison: Perfect. My congrats on the results and guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Your line is now open.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for taking my question. I’ll echo the congrats. Keith, I wanted to follow up on a couple comments that were made in the prepared script. On a couple instances, the company addressed the long-term demand environment and stated it was very positive and also indicated that customers are interested in long-term supply agreements, which I don’t recall hearing in at least the recent past. So the question is, one, if you were to engage in more long-term supply agreements, what would that do for manufacturing efficiencies given the visibility you would have; and two, what would the implications be for pricing?
Keith Jackson: Generally it stabilizes our manufacturing environment, which is more efficient for us, so we can plan more level rather than peaks and valleys. Generally speaking, we would only do this for margin products that enhance our situations, so the two together we see as a very positive move for the company.
Craig Ellis: How quickly can you move on those deals, and how material could they be as a percent of revenue?
Keith Jackson: We’re moving on them actively all the time, and they would never be more than 50% of our capacity in any market.
Craig Ellis: Okay, thank you. The follow-up is for Bernard. Bernard, nice to see the midpoint of gross margin guidance at 38%, a real milestone for the company. The question is, as you look at where the business is from a portfolio optimization standpoint with your carve-outs and bridge inventory built, which you had been saying last year was not possible due to the demand environment, where are we on those two items as we look out over the next year or two? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: We’ll continually look at opportunities for portfolio enhancing and small divestitures that are not strategic and at the same time help us on a gross margin point of view. We don’t expect anything big, but we continue looking at doing some work in that area. We continue being in the same situation with the inventory bridge build. As we talked about earlier, we see demand, long-term demand being pretty strong, so at this moment we are not able to build bridge inventories but we are getting the fall through on the incremental revenues, and that’s showing up in the gross margin improvement that we have seen historically and will continue seeing, and that’s shown through our upcoming guidance at 38%.
Craig Ellis: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Harsh Kumar: First of all, congratulations. Very good results and guidance. Keith, I had a question. Every time previously we have talked to you and you guys have publicly spoken, you’ve said you were more tied to macro. Now, it seems like greater than 55, almost 58% of your revenues are coming from automotive and industrial. Should we think of as maybe not so tied to macro and maybe more tied to these end markets?
Keith Jackson: Clearly we can’t distance ourselves from the macro environment. We are a broad-based supplier, but even without those two markets there’s still an economic tie. The difference is just the dollar content and how rapidly it’s rising, particularly in industrial for us, and so that certainly is providing a boost to the overall macro demand.
Harsh Kumar: Fair enough. Keith, I wanted to understand the long-term commitments you’re talking about. Would this be that a customer would commit a certain amount of dollars, fixed dollars that they have to buy per year, and again would that not lower your seasonality to some degree?
Keith Jackson: It is for amounts that extend beyond the year, and it would maybe moderate it slightly, but not necessarily. We do take into account the customers’ patterns into those contracts. 
Harsh Kumar: Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is now open
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good morning. Given your outlook for continued strength in demand and tightness, what would be your initial Q3 visibility? Also, could you talk about any other manufacturing bottlenecks that you see outside of raw wafers, including potential back end tightness?
Bernard Gutmann: On the visibility, obviously we don’t guide out. Our normal seasonality for the third quarter is approximately 4% up.
Keith Jackson: Just a little color on that. We would see the handset market coming back in the second half, which is not present in Q2, that is what provides some of the impetus, as well as the consumer side also increasing in the third quarter. 
Tristan Gerra: Okay. Could you remind us of your exposure to China’s ETE specifically?
Keith Jackson: It is not a significant exposure.
Bernard Gutmann: And it is included right now in our guidance for the second quarter.
Tristan Gerra: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel. Your line is now open. 
Kevin Cassidy: Thanks for taking my question. In reference to the long-term supply agreement again, the industry has had these in the past. Is there any changes to the way these can be enforced? Are these agreements different than in the past?
Keith Jackson: Well, I’m not familiar with all of the industry practices. In our case, they are very much tied to dollar amounts, so it is not just a number of units and therefore, again, we think it leads to a very healthy thing for both companies.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, thanks. On the computing segment, with servers now becoming a bigger portion, can you tell us how much that changed, say even year-over-year in the first quarter? How much is server related versus desktop and notebook related?
Keith Jackson: In the first quarter results, actually I don’t have that.
Bernard Gutmann: It’s mostly driven by servers A big part is coming from servers.
Keith Jackson: Most of the change was from servers?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes.
Keith Jackson: So I guess the answer is the delta is pretty much all servers.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, all the upside is servers. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: Morning. Nice job on the solid execution by the team. Bernard, you gave us some parameters for opex as a percent of revenues, kind of second half, but the other way that the team has always articulated opex targets is that you’ll be growing opex at about half the rate of revenues. Is that another way that we can think about it for 2018?
Bernard Gutmann: As you go forward as a general measurement, that’s correct. We did spend as a percent of incremental revenue a little bit more in the first quarter as we are investing more R&D into automotive and industrial applications, but as a long-term view, yes, it is still a correct way to look at it. We expect, as I said in the prepared remarks, to continue showing improvements towards the 21% as we go throughout the year.
Harlan Sur: Great, thanks for that. Keith, first half of this year cloud spending is strong. You talked about new compute workloads, which is clearly also a driver. You’ve got pretty upgrade cycle and we’re also seeing some healthy enterprise spending as well. You saw strong sequential and year-over-year growth in compute in Q1, guiding for strong growth in Q2. It seems like cloud spending will be strong throughout all of this year. Is that kind of how you guys see it, continued strength throughout 2018?
Keith Jackson: Yes, we do believe that will be the case, and it really is--yes, it’s all the trends in AI as well as just the general continuation of the server strategies.
Harlan Sur: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Great. Congrats on the nice results, guys. My first question, on the raw wafers, are they only silicon or are you guys doing specialty, like silicon carbide? Are you in-sourcing that as well, and perhaps talk a bit more about that ramp that you guys see coming in the second half for silicon carbide.
Keith Jackson: The investments include both the pure silicon ad specialty wafers, so it’s the mix that supports our growth.
Christopher Rolland: Great. I don’t know if you have any details on silicon carbide, perhaps what percent of sales that could be a few years down the road? 
Keith Jackson: Well, we are expecting tremendous growth. Today, it’s a very low percentage. I would imagine it would show up even with high growth as being something that’s in the 4 or 5% range in three years.
Christopher Rolland: Great. Lastly, just lead times, where are you guys now?
Bernard Gutmann: Lead times are in the middle teens, and they increased slightly over last quarter. As we mentioned in previous occasions, we saw a lead time expansion in the first half of last year, and since then they have been relatively constant with a slight uptick in the second quarter. 
Christopher Rolland: Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. Just wanted to follow up on the long-term supply agreements and just any other context you can provide, particularly as it relates to prior periods of tightness and what the parallel is to that, versus what might be different this go-round.
Keith Jackson: I think the environment is a little different. In the past, I would say these were kind of panic reactions to extremely tight markets, so they don’t happen very often. In this case, our customers are looking out and expecting very strong growth on the power side, and also not seeing the attendant capacity increases coming from the marketplace and are looking for more long-term agreements to mitigate both of those things.
Craig Hettenbach: Great. Then just as a follow-up on the industrial market and the double-digit growth again there, can you talk about what you’re seeing from a demand perspective, and then also just a sell-through perspective through the distribution channel?
Keith Jackson: Those are--I don’t know if you relate it to the industrial piece for the sell-through, but the sell-through on the distribution side is looking much stronger than it did in the first quarter, so we’re seeing some acceleration in growth as we’ve entered 2018. The industrial side, again, is very broad-based growth, but almost all of it is driven by the need for higher energy efficiency in each of the applications, which gives much more dollar content for us. 
Craig Hettenbach: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I have two questions. The first is about free cash flow. I think the company maintained its view for about $800 million of free cash flow this year, but that’s despite what you talked about in terms of the higher capex requirements, which I think is maybe an $80 million to $90 million incremental headwind to free cash flow. Can you be a bit more explicit about what would be driving the implied higher view of operating cash flow this year? Is that flow through from net income or are there other factors, like working capital, cash taxes, or things like that that are helping in the free cash flow view? 
Bernard Gutmann: It is primarily from net income with potentially some help from a little bit on cash taxes. But the primary impact is better growth and fall through on the net income side.
Mark Delaney: Got it, that’s helpful. The follow-up question is about the view of the communications segment for all of 2018. I think if I’m not mistaken, Keith, last quarter you said you thought the segment would not decline this year. Given what seems like a slower start to the year, is that still the view for the full year, and ask to help us gauge the potential magnitude of the pick-up in the second half of the year in the comm segment.
Keith Jackson: Yes, I do expect the second half of the year demand will offset the weakness here at the beginning of the year, and we do expect to see some of the 5G type spending toward the end of the year, and the net of that should be kind of flattish. 
Mark Delaney: Got it, thanks so much.
Operator: As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star then one on your touchtone telephone. Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes guys, thanks for squeezing me in. Congratulations on the strong results. Keith, I just want to go back to the long-term supply agreements. I think you said in an answer to another question that you’d never have more than half of your capacity in any product area on long-term supply agreement. I’m just kind of curious if you can quantify the agreements you have in place today, either as a percent of capacity or revenue over the lifetime, and are you getting any sort of prepayments, because oftentimes you’ll see that in long-term supply agreements to help offset some of the capex needs that you have. Then just to reiterate an earlier question, these agreements tend to be pretty easy to keep in place when things are tight but a little bit harder to enforce when the industry goes into a less tight supply situation, so I guess what’s your insurance that in the different business environment you’ll get the pricing and the volume commitments that you’ve asked for?
Keith Jackson: Our experience has actually been quite good with the customers we engage. They are respectful of the supply agreements. They have not yield disappointments in the past and we see continued compliance going forward. As far as percentages, it really is mostly in the power areas, and these are customers that irrespective of market are seeing growth in those businesses, so back to my earlier comments on being more secular, we see the demand increasing even with the economy ebbing and flowing. 
John Pitzer: Then Keith, as a follow-up, you guys have kind of been trimming your portfolio of lower margin businesses, and despite that you’ve been able to put up some good growth rates year over year for multiple quarters now. I’m just kind of curious, where are you in that process, and as we think about the target model, as you get a cost advantage by making more of your own wafers and as you continue to prune the portfolio, why wouldn’t there be upside to the target margins over time?
Keith Jackson: Certainly we are expecting to bring in the date for achievement of the target models, and then at the analyst day next year we hope to unveil to you how much higher we can go after that.
John Pitzer: And just as far as pruning low-margin business, are you basically through with that, or is there more revenue you’d be willing to give up to drive higher margins?
Keith Jackson: There’s still some more to come this year, then we should be done.
John Pitzer: Perfect, thanks guys.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Your line is now open.
Craig Ellis: Yes, thanks for taking the follow-up questions. I just wanted to touch on one of the things we’ve been looking for on gross margins. Bernard, in the past you’ve said that in the second half of this year, we could expect back end synergies from your Fairchild acquisition. Can you just help us understand when would we expect those to hit, and over what period should they be benefiting gross margins at the margin?
Bernard Gutmann: I expect it to start kicking in, in the second half, as you mentioned, of 2018, and a gradual improvement throughout the second half of ’18 and also 2019.
Craig Ellis: Then just with regards to--oh, go ahead?
Bernard Gutmann: Go ahead.
Craig Ellis: With regards to capex and its linearity with the guidance at 8 to 9% this year and next, should we expect fairly linear capex through the year, or is there any reason it would be either front end loaded or back end loaded in either year? Thank you. 
Bernard Gutmann: It’s more there is lumpiness depending on the delivery of equipment and installation thereof, so in general terms we’re trying to make it as linear as possible, but there might be ups and downs based on those factors. 
Craig Ellis: Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi guys. Just wondering on the inventory side, can you give us some color on how much of it is PC, handsets, and how much of it is other industrial?
Keith Jackson: Our inventory profile generally tracks the percentage of our business. There’s not a dramatic change. In Q1, there might have been slightly more handset inventory than normal, but everything else should have been right in line.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. Just wondering, how much of your wafers are now in-sourced? Also on the SC side, you guys mentioned second half ramps. Are you supplying mostly to U.S. customers or to Chinese OEMs? If you can give us some color there, thanks. 
Keith Jackson: Okay, so on the in-sourcing part, it’s less than 50% today of the raw wafers, and on the shipments in silicon carbide, it will be more China-based. 
Vijay Rakesh: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: That concludes our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Parag Agarwal for any further remarks.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you everyone for joining the call today, and please feel free to reach out to us with any follow-up questions. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp. Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp. Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp. Kevin Edward Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Analysts: Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David Haberle - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Skylar. Good morning, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2017 Quarterly Results Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast, along with our earnings release for fourth quarter of 2017, will be available on our website approximately one hour following the conference call, and the recorded webcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographic channels and share count are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projection or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from predictions. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks and Form 10-Qs, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the first quarter of 2017. Our estimates may change, and company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions, or other factors except as required by law. For all synergy-related discussion on this call, we have used Fairchild's 2015 results as the base for our comparison. During the first quarter of 2018, we will be attending Morgan Stanley Technology Conference in San Francisco on February 26. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of the fourth quarter 2017 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We delivered yet another quarter of strong financial results which exceeded our guidance and Street consensus on all metrics. Momentum in our business remains strong and our executions continues to be solid. Strong revenue growth in our key strategic markets accompanied by impressive margin expansion and robust free cash flow in the last many quarters, clearly demonstrate our market leadership and our strong execution. While we have made tremendous progress in 2017, we believe that a large part of potential for our model remains untapped, and we intend to make strong progress in 2018 towards our 2020 target financial model. We intend to drive meaningful margin expansion and free cash flow growth in 2018, driven by benefits from manufacturing synergies from Fairchild, above market revenue growth, and favorable mix improvement driven by growth in our automotive and industrial businesses. Our business remains strong, and indication from customers and macroeconomic data point to continuing strength in demand across most end markets and geographies in the near to mid-term. With a strong product portfolio and robust design win pipeline, coupled with tailwinds from increasingly favorable macroeconomic environment and a friendlier tax regime in the United States, we are very well-positioned to make significant progress towards our target model in the current year. We continue to focus on key metrics that drive shareholder value. During 2017, we generated free cash flow of $707 million, a little less than double of $371 million we generated in 2016. We expanded our non-GAAP gross margin by 200 basis points, and non-GAAP operating margin by 270 basis points in 2017. We intend to sustain our momentum in 2018, driven by increasingly favorable macroeconomic environment, strong customer acceptance of our products, and a solid execution on the operational front. As we have aggressively de-levered our balance sheet, we intend to reinitiate our stock repurchase program starting in the second quarter of 2018. Given our accelerating momentum in key strategic markets and our roadmap for margin expansion and free cash flow generation, we are very upbeat about our future outlook. And we believe that at current level, our stock offers a compelling investment opportunity. Along with deploying our capital for repurchase of our shares, we will continue to de-lever our balance sheet to mitigate the risk of higher interest rates resulting from stronger macroeconomic growth. In the first quarter of 2018, $129 million of debt is maturing, and we intend to use our free cash flow in the first quarter to pay down that debt. Moving on to taxes. We believe that the recently-enacted tax legislation is very favorable to us as it will enable us to repatriate our foreign cash at very attractive term after we exhaust our net operating losses and other tax attributes. Without the tax legislation, after the exhaustion of our net operating losses and tax attributes, we would have been required to pay tax at a rate of 35% to repatriate cash to the United States. The new tax legislation unlocks our ability to effectively deploy our foreign cash to generate value for our shareholders through capital returns and acquisitions. Based on our analysis of the available information on the new tax legislation, we anticipate that our cash tax rate will be approximately 10% until 2020. I must caution that as tax legislation was enacted only a month ago, our knowledge of new tax laws is limited and, therefore, our outlook for our tax can change as we get more clarity on the recently enacted tax laws. Now, let me provide you additional details on our fourth quarter 2017 results. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2017 was $1.378 billion, an increase of 9% as compared to $1.261 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $1.22 per diluted share, as compared to $0.26 in the fourth quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $0.39 per diluted share, as compared to $0.29 in the fourth quarter of 2016. For the full year of 2017, our GAAP earnings per share was $1.89 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.46, as compared to GAAP earnings per share of $0.43 and non-GAAP earnings per shares of $0.91 in 2016. GAAP gross margin for the fourth quarter was 37.3%, as compared to 30.5% for the fourth quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP gross margin for the fourth quarter was 37.5%, an impressive increase of approximately 230 basis points over 35.2% in the fourth quarter of 2016. This strong year-over-year gross margin performance was driven by solid operational execution and revenue performance. Improving product mix also contributed to higher gross margin. With tailwinds from additional manufacturing synergies from Fairchild, mix improvement and portfolio optimization, we remain on track to achieve our target non-GAAP gross margin of 40% by 2020. GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2017 was 12.1%, as compared to 4.4% in the fourth quarter of 2016. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2017 was 15.4%, an increase of approximately 250 basis points over 12.9% in the fourth quarter of 2016. On a year-over-year revenue increase of 9% for the fourth quarter of 2017, our non-GAAP operating margin increased by 30%. This strong operating income performance demonstrates the leverage and strength of our operating model. GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $348 million, as compared to $329 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $305 million, as compared to $281 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter were higher than the midpoint of our guidance due to higher revenue. This is preliminary, but our fourth quarter results include a one-time GAAP income tax benefit of $450 million as a result of the U.S. corporate tax reform enacted in December. This benefit include charges related to the mandatory repatriation tax and the re-measurement of deferred tax assets for the lower U.S. statutory rate of 21%, offset by a reduction in the company's deferred tax liability on unremitted foreign earnings. As a result of the tax reform, our estimate of the mandatory repatriation tax is $219 million. However, we can use $191 million of our existing U.S. tax credit carry-forward to offset the mandatory repatriation tax. After the use of our tax credit, the remaining cash tax payable of $28 million is payable over 8 years, with $2.3 million due in 2018. Fourth quarter free cash flow was $49 million and operating cash flow was $224 million. Capital expenditures during the fourth quarter were $176 million. Capital intensity based on non-GAAP revenue for 2017 was 7%. We exited the fourth quarter of 2017 with cash and cash equivalents of $949 million, as compared to $901.2 million in the third quarter. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2017, days of inventory on hand were 115 days, up 6 days as compared to inventory days at the end of the third quarter. The increase in inventory was driven by strategic build of inventory to support grant in certain automotive programs in the first half of 2018 and deliberate reduction in distribution inventory. Distribution inventory in days declined by approximately a week in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. For the fourth quarter of 2017, our lead times were approximately flat quarter-over-quarter. Our global factory utilization in the fourth quarter was down slightly quarter-over-quarter. Now, let me provide you an update on performance by our business units, starting with Power Solutions Group or PSG. Revenue for PSG was $698 million. Revenue for our Analog Solutions Group for the fourth quarter of 2017 was $487 million. And revenue for our Image Sensor Group was $192 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thanks, Bernard. We delivered yet another strong quarter, marked by solid all-around performance. Over the last many quarters, we've posted strong revenue performance, especially in our strategic end markets. At the same time, we delivered impressive margin expansion, robust free cash flow, and strong operating leverage. With strong momentum in our business and increasingly favorable macroeconomic conditions, we intend to make strong progress towards our 2020 target financial model in the current year. While 2017 was a spectacular year for ON Semiconductor, I'm very excited about our future outlook as we work to realize the full potential of our product portfolio and operating model. We believe that we're in the early stages of realizing benefits of our investments in the automotive and industrial end markets. Increased adoption of ADAS, EV and HEVs, Machine Vision, robotics, et cetera, should drive further acceleration in our revenue and margins. As I indicated in the earnings call for the third quarter of 2017, our business today is driven by sustainable secular growth drivers in the fastest-growing semiconductor end markets as opposed to being driven by macroeconomic and industry cyclicality a few years ago. Through our investments over the last many years in high-growth segments and in highly differentiated products in automotive, industrial and communications end markets, we have radically transformed the nature of our business. Customers are increasingly relying on us as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly-emerging and disruptive applications in automotive and industrial end markets. Along with strong revenue growth in our strategic end markets, we are delivering strong operating leverage driven by impressive margin expansion. As Bernard mentioned earlier, on the year-over-year revenue increase of 9% for the fourth quarter of 2017, our non-GAAP operating income increased by 30%. We intend to grow faster than the semiconductor industry, and this growth should enable us to expand margins driven by operating leverage. Insourcing of Fairchild's back end operations remain on track. And this insourcing should be a meaningful margin contributor in 2018 and 2019. At the same time, mix shift towards margin-rich industrial and automotive end markets, and ongoing divestiture of non-core businesses should drive additional margin expansion. The current demand environment continues to be strong, despite some softness in a few spots in the communications end market. We continue to see strong demand for our products for most end markets and for most geographies as customers are increasingly relying on us as their key partner in emerging disruptive technology such as ADAS, electric vehicles, factory automation, Machine Vision, cloud power management, artificial intelligence and industrial power management. Our traction in ADAS continues to accelerate, and we are further extending our competitive lead in the ADAS with new products, both for image sensors and processor power management. We have secured design wins for silicon carbide for electrical vehicles, and we remain on track for revenue in the latter half of this year. For the industrial end market, we are making strong progress in the Machine Vision and power modules with existing and new products. In cloud and server power management market, our traction with leading server CPU providers continues to accelerate, and near- to mid-term outlook appears to be very strong. Our USB Type C products are gaining traction in the automotive market, in addition to ramps in the smartphone and computing markets. Let me now comment on the business trends in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter, demand trends and bookings were strong. Supply-demand dynamics in the fourth quarter were stable as compared to supply-demand dynamics in the third quarter. Lead times were approximately flat quarter-over-quarter, and as Bernard mentioned in his prepared remarks, we significantly reduced distribution inventory levels from the third quarter of 2017. Pricing continues to be benign as compared to historic trends. Our customers are upbeat on demand for their products, and they expect the strength in demand to continue for the near- and mid-term. Now, I'll provide details of the progress in our various end markets for the fourth quarter of 2017. Revenue for the automotive market in the fourth quarter was $437 million and represented 32% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter automotive revenue grew by an impressive 18% year-over-year. For the fourth quarter, we again saw strong broad-based demand for most product lines from most geographies. Our momentum in ADAS market continues to accelerate with strong demand for our 1 megapixel and 2 megapixel image sensors. We recently launched an 8 megapixel image sensor for ADAS, and with this launch, we are the only provider of complete line of 1-megapixel, 2-megapixel and 8-megapixel image sensors on a single platform for next-generation ADAS and autonomous driving systems. A complete line of image sensors on a single platform reduces qualification time, lowers costs for our customers, enables our customers to seamlessly port their algorithms across the product lines. We believe that our complete line of image sensors on a single platform provides us with a significant competitive advantage and further extends our technology lead over our competitors. A superior product portfolio complemented by a large installed base, deep and long-term relationships with leading ADAS and autonomous driving processor companies, our leading-edge technology, including self-correcting sensors with on-board cyber security and functional safety, and strong application support, has helped us strengthen our position within the ADAS and autonomous driving ecosystem. Based on inputs from our ecosystem partners, we believe that we are now the lead imaging partner for all ADAS platform providers. We further solidified our presence in the ADAS and autonomous driving ecosystem with our recently-announced partnership with Baidu. We were recently selected by Baidu as the sole supplier of image sensors for its Apollo Autonomous Driving Platform. As I mentioned earlier, our silicon carbide development remains on track. We are currently sampling products to customers, and we remain on track to generate revenue in the latter half of 2018. We are seeing ramps of our IGBTs and FETs for electric vehicle charger designs. We're working with leading ecosystem players on power management solutions for processors and other related applications in automotive. We recently announced a strategic partnership with Audi to drive electronics innovation and quality in upcoming autonomous electric vehicles. Business in other areas of the automotive market was strong as well. Our analog power management products reached record revenue, driven by active safety, powertrain, body electronics and lighting applications. We saw a strong growth in our LED lighting business as new programs ramped in Europe and China. Revenue in the first quarter for the automotive end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. Industrial market, which includes military, aerospace and medical, contributed revenue of $358 million in the fourth quarter. The industrial end market represented 26% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter industrial revenue grew by a solid 17% year-over-year. Demand from industrial end market remains strong, driven by favorable macroeconomic conditions and secular trends such as automation, energy efficiency and Machine Vision. We expect recently enacted tax legislation in the U.S. to drive higher industrial capital expenditures in areas such as factory automation and Robotics, which, in turn, should drive demand for semiconductors for industrial applications. We continue to benefit from demand for our power modules and power management semiconductor solutions for power generation and commercial air conditioning. Our power module business for industrial applications continues to grow at a tremendous pace, and we expect this momentum to continue in 2018 as we launch new products with higher efficiency. In the Machine Vision market, we continue to make significant progress. We broke our record of shipments with our PYTHON line of image sensors in 2017, and we are in the process of launching a new platform of products to address a wider swap of the industrial market. The new Machine Vision platform will bring unprecedented levels of image quality, speed, pixel technology and price to the fast-growing Machine Vision industry. We continue to develop synergies with our expertise in the automotive imaging market to accelerate our growth in the Machine Vision market as both of these markets are driven by artificial intelligence and face similar challenges, such as low light conditions, dynamic range and harsh operating environments. In addition to growth from secular strength in the industrial end market, we expect to benefit from share gains. With expanded capabilities in power modules and with addition of Fairchild's portfolio, we have one of the most comprehensive portfolios in the market for the industrial power management. Customers are increasingly relying on us as a credible alternative to the current market leader. Revenue in the first quarter for the industrial end market is expected to be flat quarter-over-quarter. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $268 million in the fourth quarter. The communications end market represented 19% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter communications revenue declined by 4% year-over-year due to softness in certain geographies, but we offset a significant part of that weakness with increased penetration in other key global accounts. Revenue in the first quarter for the communications end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The computing end market contributed revenue of $139 million in the fourth quarter. Computing end market represented 10% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter computing revenue grew by 6% year-over-year. The year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter computing revenue was driven primarily by ramps in our server business. Our server business continues to strengthen, and we expect that in 2018, our server business will be a meaningful part of our computing business. We are working closely with the leading server CPU providers on their next generation of processors. On the customer front, we are actively engaged on designs with cloud service providers and traditional server OEMs. In addition, we are in a leading position to provide power management solutions for accelerators that are increasingly being adopted for artificial intelligence and machine learning in server applications. Revenue in the first quarter for computing end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The consumer end market contributed $175 million in the fourth quarter. Consumer end market represented 13% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter 2017 consumer revenue was up 1% as compared to consumer revenue in the fourth quarter of 2016. Revenue in the first quarter for the consumer end market is expected to be approximately flat quarter-over-quarter due to ramp of certain customer programs. In summary, demand for our products remain strong and our customers are upbeat about near to mid-term outlook for their businesses. We continue to deliver solid results, driven by strong execution on all fronts. Through our investments over the last many years in high-growth segments and in highly differentiated products in automotive, industrial and communications end markets, we've radically transformed the nature of our business. Customers are increasingly relying on us as a key provider of enabling technologies for newly-emerging disruptive applications in automotive and industrial end markets. With favorable macroeconomic tailwinds and a strong portfolio for industrial and automotive markets, we are well-positioned to make solid progress towards our financial target models in 2018. Now, I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be $1.34 billion to $1.39 billion in the first quarter of 2018. For the first quarter of 2018, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of 36.4% and 38.4%. Factory utilization in the first quarter is likely to be approximately flat as compared to the fourth quarter 2017. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $318 million to $336 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be $28 million to $32 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $290 million to $304 million. We anticipate first quarter GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $33 million to $36 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $8 million to $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $25 million to $27 million. Cash paid for income taxes in the first quarter of 2018 is expected to be $18 million to $22 million. We expect our 2018 cash tax rate to be 10% or lower. We expect total capital expenditure of $70 million to $90 million in the first quarter of 2018. We also expect share-based compensation of $18 million to $20 million in the first quarter of 2018, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share count for the first quarter of 2018 is expected to be 445 million to 447 million shares based on the current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the first quarter of 2018 is expected to be 432 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Skylar, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. First one is on margin leverage. You guys had a great year of margin expansion in 2017. Looking forward, do you expect the margin leverage to come more from the gross margin side or can you get some OpEx to revenue leverage as well? And then, overall, how flexible is your cost structure if revenue growth does slow on either the COGS and/or the OpEx side?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So thank you, Ross. Yes, we do expect to see leverage also on the operating expenses. Our target model calls for a 21% operating expense level, and we are, in 2017, at 22%. So we should be gradually moving towards that. On the gross margin front, we have used the yardstick of about a 50% fall-through on incremental and decremental revenue, and we expect that that will continue. Furthermore, if times slowed down, we would also pull triggers such as moving outsourced production in-house to offset even further our impact of decremental revenue.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's great. And as my follow-up, I want to talk about the cash return side. You guys mentioned that you're going to start a share repurchase plan again in the second quarter. Talk a little bit about what led you to that decision, not only the leverage ratio hit, but cash returns coming as share repurchase versus dividends? And then, any color you have on the share repurchase plan; how much is outstanding, the duration of it, et cetera.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So let me answer the last question first. The share buyback program we have, we have a little bit more than $600 million left between now and the end of 2018. That's the current approved program. We believe the value of our stock still presents a very strong opportunity for buybacks and, therefore, more towards share buyback than dividends. Having said that, we do have debt that matures and we intend to continue de-levering, especially in these rising interest rate times, to make sure we de-risk the balance sheet.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Thanks, guys. Did the disties say why they were taking their inventory down for one week? And then what do you expect your inventory to do this quarter as well?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So we work together with our distribution partners to get the lowest amount that they need to service their customers because, frankly, the extra revenue or the extra inventories there don't do either of us any good. So really, it's just keeping a good balance, making sure that they get the best use of their cash, and making sure we get the best use of the products that we've got. So, kind of mutual decision. In the first quarter, I would expect it to be relatively neutral from a change perspective.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then I'll keep you on the mic, Keith. Can you just kind of give us your outlook on the various end markets for the rest of the year in light of what's going on in handsets? And how do you feel on the overall environment now versus, say, a quarter ago?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. Actually, we're more encouraged on the overall environment. We know the biggest question people has is how long can it be good, but in speaking with our customers going into this year, there are some very strong expectations from automotive, industrial, and in all of the cloud-based and related markets. And so those appear to be quite strong and expecting some good growth. I think that will drive good growth this year on the macroeconomic side. Maybe not quite as good as 2017, but it should be upper or above mid-single-digits growth for the overall industry.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the execution. Gross margins have been quite strong for a number of quarters now. Can you remind us what are the milestones from here to the 40% target? And then longer term, if all other semiconductor companies are exceeding their prior highs in gross margins, Keith, is there some magic line around 40% or do you think longer term, there is a potential to exceed that target?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So I'll answer the first question, Vivek. The gross margin going forward, the improvements are the same as we laid out in our Analyst Day, slightly different flavors of them, but definitely, we first will be getting some nice tailwinds from the Fairchild insourcing throughout both 2018 and 2019. We will continue getting mix improvements as we grow faster in the better-than-average gross margin areas as industrial and automotive. We should also be getting the normal fall-through on incremental revenue. And as we mentioned, we continue doing portfolio management and potentially divesting from less-than-stellar performing operations.
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'll cover the 40% model. The 40% model really was out there to give us a midterm target. There's no reason that should stop at 40%. Businesses that we service and continued mix improvements with revenue growth should easily take us into the mid-40s.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And as a follow up, on the exposure to electric vehicles or hybrid electric vehicles, can you remind us how much exposure you have today and how do you think it trends over the next one to two years?
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So it should be trending significantly higher as we get in more of the pure EV platforms and as they grow as a percentage of the total, particularly in China; looking at both the traction modules and in the battery charging modules, yet about another $200 per vehicle for that. So, should be very strong trends in latter half of 2018, and then 2019 and 2020.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And this is accretive to the model, I assume?
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Just a question on utilization. Based on your comments, it sounds like it's running about flattish now, and it looks like your balance sheet inventory increased a little bit on what you said was automotive. Could you give a little more color on that and what you would expect for utilization rates, as well as your internal inventory going forward?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So we're running, as I said, in the high-80s, and expect that to be about the same for the first quarter. Internal inventories, we were at 115 days. I expect that will trend flat to slightly down.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And just a follow-up with regard to pricing. Given fairly strong industry conditions, can you talk about what's happening with pricing now? What was the result of some of the annual price negotiations that I think you have around the beginning of the year and what that potentially means for pricing as the year goes on?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. Clearly, the supply-demand dynamics are favoring focus on supply right now. Pressures on pricing were less severe, and in our annual negotiations, they were better than they were this time last year. So we are expecting to see some relief from our normal declines on annual pricing.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rajvindra Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. Just a quick housekeeping question. I was wondering if you break out the percentage of revenue by end market by business unit. So, for instance, if auto is generating about a third of your revenue, how much – what are the mix related to Power, Analog and Image sensor? And same thing for industrial.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We don't break that out, but in general terms, I would say that the percent that's represented to a company level is not too far off at the group level.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. And on the USB-C adoption, we've seen some of your peers also indicate that USB adoption is starting to take off. I was wondering if you could describe some of the end markets where you're best positioned in USB-C. Is it smartphones? Is it the fast chargers? Is it PCs? And where do you think we are in terms of the attach rates overall in terms of those markets?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. So we've got very strong attach rates in the computing, fast charging and automotive areas. Penetration is still relatively low there. If you look at those markets, it's less than 10% overall, and we see that accelerating significantly in 2018.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. And the last question for me in terms of the other growth driver in the business, you'd mentioned on the server power driving growth, $30 per server, expect that to increase. Wondering if you could kind of elaborate further on – you had mentioned in the past basically that, that could increase another $15 over the next couple of years on the new server platforms. So we're going from $30 going on up. So I'm kind of – where are we in terms of that dollar increase this year and next year? Thank you.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So most of that will be occurring in 2019. We're still seeing a good ramp in both share and volume with the current platforms.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you, and congratulations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley FBR. Your line is now open.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, and I'll just stick with the server topic, but twist it the following way. Keith, you mentioned that you're seeing some good design-in activity on the accelerator side. Can you clarify if that's more on the GPU accelerators versus FPGA? And would that engagement activity include higher-end cards or is it more the server systems that are the replicants of the NVIDIA DGX and HGX?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Well, we are seeing it across the spectrum in both areas. There might be slightly more momentum in the GPU side, but we're seeing it everywhere. And it's not just in the high-end modules. Again, it's very broad-based.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thank you. And then I'll pitch the next one to both you and Bernard. You mentioned significant confidence in being able to make progress on the target financial model, and I think you've spoken well to revenues and gross margins. But can you talk in more detail about free cash flow? And, Bernard, what should we expect for CapEx this year on a full year basis?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So free cash flow, what we have said is that we should be growing by about $100 million per year. So if last year, we had $700 million, it points to about $800 million. Our CapEx model is still the same, about 7% of revenue in total.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Thanks, guys. Good quarter and guide yet. Just on the repurchase, cash return, just wondering how much is outstanding and how big is the authorization.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: The authorization was for $1 billion, and we still have in excess of $600 million left.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Got it. And on the automotive side, I know you mentioned tailwinds with the silicon carbide and EV picking up in the second half. Are you guys supplying to all the big Chinese guys, BYD and CATL and all those guys? And does that keep the automotive growth – should you see that accelerate in the back half again? Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. So China customers are a significant portion of our design win base, and you should see that accelerate in the second half.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Morning, and congrats on the results. First question, if I may. The communications weakness that you're seeing, is that solely smartphones or are you seeing weakness in base stations as well? And second to that, do you expect the market to be down year-over-year either for the first quarter or for 2018, given that it was down for the fourth quarter?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: For the total year, we don't expect it to be down in 2018. Q1 may be slightly down, but for the year, we're not projecting that. We do think the weakness was across the board, but perhaps a little stronger in the China handsets for 2017. We're not looking for that to repeat this year.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Perfect. Then as a follow-up, the Fairchild synergy targets, which I think are about $40 million annualized for 2018, when will you start to see those benefits roll on in earnings? Is it the third quarter or is it the fourth quarter of this year when you'll see that ramp?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It's actually – we should be seeing some in the second quarter of this year, and then grow gradually throughout the year.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you. On the distributor inventory coming down, can you remind us what end markets are serviced by the distributors?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: All of our end markets are serviced by distributors. It's roughly 60% of our total business, and many of the OEMs use distribution as a service model in Asia for their manufacturing locations.
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So that does include the automotive?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It does include automotive. Yes, it does.
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And maybe one other question on use of cash. Acquisitions, is that back on the table now that it seems the Fairchild acquisition is going through fairly smoothly?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. I mean, obviously, we've been thrilled with the Fairchild acquisition. Acquisitions are certainly still a consideration. We'll look at, basically, return for our shareholders. And if there're opportunities, we're not shy. Right now, valuations look a bit expensive. But, certainly, we're open.
Kevin Edward Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is now open.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Given your expectation for internal inventories to be flat or continue to increase slightly in Q1, when do you think lead times have a chance to come back down given your sense that some customers will be comfortable with a little bit higher inventory levels than they currently have?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. The lead time piece of the equation is really about getting capacities in place in excess of the market growth. We don't see that happening in the first half of this year, and it's unclear how much of it will happen in the second half as the entire industry continues to be very disciplined in putting in capital.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then on the silicon carbide opportunity, how does the margin profile compare with the rest of your business? And then if you could also give us a sense of where it's going to be produced and the percentage of total output that you're eventually planning for silicon carbide?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So margins there are significantly above corporate averages. We do manufacture the wafers in one of our offshore facilities. And so, we get pretty good margin profile from that.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
David Haberle - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, guys. It's David Haberle on behalf of Chris Rolland. Congrats on the continued solid execution. Just a follow-up really quick on the silicon carbide. Can you talk about the market in general and your availability to secure capacity? That's all done in-house with you, guys?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So our manufacturing is done in-house, yes, all of it. The substrates, we do still procure on the open market, and we have long-term supply agreements there.
David Haberle - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. Thanks. And then, I guess, over the last year or so we've kind of noticed the percentage of distributor sales, as a percentage of your overall revenue, kind of creeping up from the low to mid-50s to now 60% this quarter. Is this a concerted effort by your team there and should we expect this trend to continue?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: No, this was mainly a result of Fairchild acquisition since Fairchild was heavier in terms of distie. But, fundamentally, we are happy with the current mix that we have.
David Haberle - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, and great job on the solid execution by the team. Obviously, there seems to be some concerns around the cycle, peaking cycle, whatever. An indicator to me is always the breadth of the demand trends. You guys gave a lot of great detail on the strong design win pipeline. But just stepping back and looking at your business broadly from a geographical perspective, wondering if you could just talk about the year-over-year trends in all of the major geographies.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Sure. We have seen very significant strength in Europe and the U.S. markets geographically. Those have been unusually strong after many years of being a little weaker than Asia. And then, secondly, China continues to grow extremely fast for us. And so, that part of Asia also has been quite good.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for the insights there. And your auto and industrial businesses are not the only segments that are outperforming; your compute business was up 6% year-over-year. And if I just layer on top the normal seasonal demand trends in the March quarter, it's going to be flat-to-up year-over-year here this quarter. You talked about the strong tractions in servers and cloud. Your content is growing. Data center CapEx is targeted to grow about 20% plus per year over the next few years. Are you guys kind of rethinking your long-term view that this business will be down 4% to 6% year-over-year from a longer-term perspective?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. Certainly, last year and, we believe, this year, it will outperform that, all driven by server revenues for the cloud. That is looking much stronger than we expected in offsetting declines in notebook and desktop.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. I have two. First question is a follow-up on the distribution inventory. Can you elaborate a bit more on the reason that there was inventory that ON felt could come down in the distribution channel? And I ask just given lead times were somewhat extended and demand is good, so I was curious as to why there's maybe some extra in the channel.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. It's just a continuous balancing, and you adjust to actual sales quarter-by-quarter. And as we got to the end of the year, it was just balancing out the inventory market-by-market.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful, Keith. And then, for a follow-up question, I was hoping you could elaborate a bit more on the sensor fusion opportunity that ON has been pursuing. I think it was about a year ago, ON did some purchases of radar assets from IBM, and I know it's been an investment focus for the company. So maybe you can help us understand the timeline for some of those types of solutions to be coming to market. Thank you.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. We would expect those types of solutions to be coming at the market next year with – we're already working with sampling and modeling with our customers today, and it's really all about how do we make their algorithms as efficient as possible and get the best information for decisions with the least amount of data having to be transmitted. So we're actually getting a lot of good traction with the customers there, but it'll be 2019 before you see anything.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. Just had a question on the industrial strength in the quarter, up 17% year-over-year. And then, a lot of your peers have also reported strong industrial growth. Keith, as you look into this year, what's your expectation in terms of that settled down closer to kind of a GDP-plus or how are you feeling about industrial growth in 2018?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: No. For us, it should be significantly higher than GDP growth, on the order of 2X of that. We're still seeing a lot of traction in alternative power usage, Machine Vision, and automation for factories.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, just broadly by the end markets, the very strong growth in autos and industrial last year, and then comm and consumer a little bit weaker, which kind of match your longer-term model, any puts and takes as to how you're seeing the end markets evolve for 2018?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: I think nothing more significant than we've already stated. We actually talked about consumer being a little better than we expected. It would appear that the energy efficiency that we derive from our other market investments is spilling over and being adopted in the consumer side more robustly than we expected.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray: Yeah. Hey, guys. First of all, congratulations, very good execution. Bernard, question for you. You, guys, were at 21.3% on OpEx levels already in September, and then it dipped up – or it went up a little bit in December. Should we expect you to be 21.3% or better for most of 2018 as you try to get some OpEx leverage? And then, I have one more question.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So for the year, we're at 22%. Yes, with our peak revenue in Q3, we're at the lowest. We expect that will be trending down and get somewhere around 21.5% for the year. Some of it depends on actual individual circumstances like length of the quarter. But in the first quarter, we're guiding to 21.8%, so it's coming down at the midpoint.
Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray: Understood. Thank you. And for my follow-up, you, guys, do a lot of business with handsets in China. A lot of companies have talked about inventory there. Any views on how long that would last? And then, also, your consumer business is performing better than seasonal in March. And you talked about some energy efficiencies spilling over. Could you talk about the nature of these programs maybe for us?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. On the handset side, we would expect the first quarter to get a significant amount of the correction behind us in the handsets in China, so maybe more normal patterns in the Q2 and onward. From the consumer side, basically, the adoption of technologies, including things like USB Type C, are being picked up in consumer now, and also, most of the charging applications that we have for rapid charging and very energy efficient charging are picking up into the consumer side.
Harsh V. Kumar - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Keith, my first question is just around the Q1 guidance, the March quarter guidance. Typically, you talk about what percent of the guidance is in backlog. I apologize if I missed it. Do you have that number? And specifically, on industrial guiding flat, there's been quarters when industrial has been up in March. So how do you think about flat industrial in the March quarter relative to seasonal?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. The first question on backlog coverage, is at least as strong as normal. There's nothing of concern there. Relative to industrial, we had an extremely good Q4 we just came off of, and so we're being perhaps conservative in Q1. But we feel comfortable that, that market continues to perform.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful. And, Keith, as my follow-up, just on the computing opportunity, can you just remind us what percent of your compute business today is client versus server? And maybe help me better understand the server content story. How do you think about your dollar content in a traditional server versus maybe an accelerator or GPU-type application?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. So the first question, the compute piece for client versus server, the server piece is still less than 20% of our total. And so it represents a pretty small fraction of that. From a content perspective, the accelerators are kind of in the roughly $15 range for our content there, and then there's about $5 to $10 for the VCORE, which is common across all of them, and $25 to $30 for the power stage in the servers.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Parag Agarwal for closing remarks.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences throughout the quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp. Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp. Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.
Analysts: Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Company, LLC Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna International Group Anthony Joseph Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Betsy Van Hees - Loop Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Sonia. Good morning, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's third quarter 2017 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Guttmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast, along with our earnings release for the third quarter of 2017 will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, and channels are also posted on our website. Our earning release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to most directly comparable measures and to GAAP are also in our earning release which is posted separately on the website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we'll make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the third quarter of 2017. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors except as required by law. For all synergy-related discussion on this call, we have used Fairchild's 2015 results as a base for all comparisons. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann who will provide an overview of third quarter 2017 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Our execution momentum remains intact, and we once again delivered solid financial results, which exceeded our guidance and Street consensus for all key metrics. Our consistent solid execution and robust financial results over the last many quarters demonstrate the strength of our operating model and strong market acceptance of our broad portfolio for automotive, industrial, and communications end markets. We once again generated strong free cash flow and demonstrated solid operating leverage. I am very pleased to announce that at the end of the third quarter, we were able to achieve our target net leverage ratio of 2 times, significantly ahead of schedule. We calculate net leverage ratio by dividing our net debt at principal value by adjusted EBITDA, excluding stock-based compensation for the last 12 months. This aggressive deleveraging within approximately one year of close of the Fairchild acquisition is a testament to our strong strategic rationale for the acquisition and to our solid execution on the integration front. We have now reached the point where we can consider reinitiating our capital return program. Our business remains strong and, indication from customers and macroeconomic data point to continuing strength in demand across most end market and geographies. Our past investments in automotive, industrial, and communication end markets are yielding strong results and we are very well positioned to benefit from sustainable secular driver in the fastest-growing segment in the semiconductor market. At the same time, our highly diversified customer base with no end customer contributing more than 5% of our revenue insulates us from volatility that occurs from time to time in various end markets and geographies. Our free cash flow regeneration remains strong and we once again delivered robust free cash flow performance during the third quarter. During the first nine months of the year, we generated free cash flow of $658 million. For 2017, we now expect free cash flow in the range of approximately $700 million, higher than our earlier expectation of $600 million to $650 million. As a comparison, we generated free cash flow of approximately $371 million in 2016. Now, let me provide you additional details on our third quarter 2017 results. Total revenue for the third quarter of 2017 was $1.391 billion, an increase of 46% year-over-year and an increase of 4% as compared to revenue in the second quarter. GAAP net income for the third quarter was $0.25 per diluted share. GAAP income before income tax for the third quarter was $168 million as compared to $143 million in the second quarter. Non-GAAP income before income tax for the third quarter was $203 million. Net cash paid for taxes in the third quarter was $13.4 million and diluted shares outstanding were 427.5 million. Non-GAAP income before income tax for the second quarter was $171.1 million. Net cash paid for taxes in the second quarter was $17.1 million and diluted shares outstanding were 425.9 million. GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was 37.7% as compared to 36.8% in the second quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was 37.9%, an impressive increase of approximately 100 basis points over the 36.9% in the second quarter. This strong gross margin performance was driven by solid operational execution and revenue performance. Improving product mix also contributed to higher gross margin with tailwinds from additional manufacturing synergies from Fairchild, mix improvement, and portfolio optimization, we remain on track to achieve our target non-GAAP gross margin of 40% by 2020. GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2017 was 12.7% as compared to 11.5% in the prior quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 16.6%, an increase of approximately 190 basis points over the 14.7% in the second quarter. On a revenue increase of 4%, our non-GAAP operating margin increased by 17%. This strong operating income performance demonstrate the operating leverage and strength of our operating model. GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $347 million as compared to $338 million for the second quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were $296 million, as compared to $297 million in the second quarter. We have strong free cash flow performance in the third quarter. We define free cash flow as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures. Third quarter free cash flow was $238 million, and operating cash flow for the third quarter was $328 million. Third quarter free cash flow and operating cash flow included $30 million from a licensing arrangement related to our exit from the mobile image sensor business. Capital expenditures during the third quarter were $90 million. Capital intensity based on non-GAAP revenue during the first nine months of the year was 5.3%, significantly below our target model of 6% to 7%. We expect that capital expenditures in the fourth quarter will increase and capital intensity for 2017 is expected to be in the range of 6% to 7%. As I indicated earlier, we expect free cash flow for 2017 to be approximately $700 million, higher than our previous expectation of $600 million to $650 million. We exited the third quarter of 2017 with cash and cash equivalents of $901.2 million as compared to $871.6 million in the second quarter. We used approximately $200 million in the third quarter – $200 million in the third quarter of 2017 for the prepayment of debt. At the end of the third quarter of 2017, days of inventory on hand were 109 days, up slightly by a day as compared to inventory days at the end of the second quarter. Distribution inventory in days was down in the third quarter as compared to the second quarter. Given the outlook for continuing strength in demand in the near to mid-term, we want to maintain adequate level of inventory to service our customers. For the third quarter of 2017, our lead times were up marginally quarter-over-quarter. Our global factory utilization for the third quarter was up sequentially. Now let me provide you an update on performance by our business units starting with Power Solutions Group or PSG. Revenue for PSG was $706 million. Revenue for our Analog Solutions Group for the third quarter of 2017 was $492 million, and revenue for the Image Sensor Group was $193 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thanks, Bernard. Once again, I am very pleased with our results. Our third quarter results clearly demonstrate the strength of our portfolio for automotive, industrial, and communications end markets. Through our investments of the last many years in high-growth segments and in highly differentiated products in automotive, industrial, and communication end markets, we have radically transformed the nature of our business. Our business today is driven by sustainable secular growth drivers in the fastest growing semiconductor end markets, as opposed to being driven by macroeconomic and industry cyclicality a few years ago. With approximately 75% of revenue coming from automotive, industrial, and communications end markets, we are overwhelmingly exposed to the fastest-growing segments of the semiconductor market. Our traction in high-growth areas such as ADAS, electric vehicles, silicon carbide, machine vision, industrial power management, et cetera, continues to accelerate and remain very optimistic about our near and long-term prospects. We believe that we are in the early stages of realizing benefits of our investments in the automotive and industrial end markets. And increased adoption of ADAS, electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, machine vision, robotics, et cetera, should drive further acceleration in our revenue. We continue to invest in the automotive and industrial end markets as we believe that these markets will be the fastest-growing semiconductor end markets. Along with strong revenue growth driven by secular growth drivers, our operating performance has been solid. We have demonstrated strong operating leverage through solid gross and operating margin improvement. Our operating profit growth significantly exceeded growth in our revenue, and our free cash flow generation thus far this year has significantly exceeded our free cash flow in 2016. We further expect expansion in our margins as we realize further benefits from synergies from Fairchild and from our gross margin improvement initiatives. Based on our progress thus far, we feel very confident in our ability to achieve our targeted financial model by 2020, provided there is no significant adverse change in macroeconomic conditions. We expect to grow faster than the semiconductor industry, driven by sustainable secular growth drivers in margin-rich automotive and industrial end markets. This revenue growth should drive operating leverage coupled with mix shift towards higher-margin products. Further margin expansion should come from optimization of Fairchild's manufacturing operations. Divestiture of non-core and under-performing businesses should further contribute towards margin expansion. We continue to make good progress on our divestiture program. As we announced last quarter, we have monetized our mobile CMOS image sensor IP, and another announcement related to divestiture of another business should come out shortly. Customers are increasingly engaging with us for key-enabling technologies for emerging applications. We are very well positioned to benefit from secular growth drivers such as adoption of electric vehicles. We are making strong progress in our silicon carbide program and, currently, we are sampling products to many global automotive customers. We expect to see silicon carbide related revenue from automotive customers in the second half of 2018. We continue to extend our leadership in ADAS, and as I indicated in the last earnings call, we are engaged at a very early stage with key players in artificial intelligence for automotive, machine vision, and robotics applications. We believe that our early engagement with leaders in AI will result in significant competitive advantage for us as adoption of AI accelerates in ADAS, machine vision, and robotics applications. We are making strong progress in our cloud and server power management business and our revenue for this business accelerated sharply in the third quarter. For USB Type-C, we have on the market the lowest power and most comprehensive solution comprising of power delivery, controller, re-drivers, multiplexers, switches, and protection devices. For the third quarter, our USB Type-C related products posted strong revenue performance, and we expect robust growth in our USB Type-C related revenue going forward. In addition to secular revenue drivers, we are benefiting from cross-selling opportunities arising out of the combined customer base of ON Semiconductor and Fairchild. As I have indicated earlier following our acquisition of Fairchild Semiconductor, customers are increasingly relying on us as a credible alternative to the market leader for a broad range of power management solutions. We continue to make strong progress in the integration of Fairchild. We recently achieved a major milestone in the integration process by completing the integration of Fairchild's IT systems. We solidly remain on track to begin realizing manufacturing synergies from Fairchild toward the end of the year as we start insourcing of Fairchild's backend operations. We expect to exit 2017 with annual synergies run rate of $180 million. Our target of annual synergies run rate of $240 million by the end of 2019 remains unchanged. Let me now comment on the business trends in the third quarter. During the third quarter, demand trends and bookings were strong across most end markets and geographies. Supply-demand dynamics in the third quarter were stable as compared to supply demand dynamics in the second quarter. There is no meaningful change in lead times or distribution inventory levels from the second quarter of 2017. Pricing continues to be benign as compared to historic trends. Our customers are upbeat on demand for their products, and they expect the strength in demand to continue for the near to midterm. Now I'll provide details of the progress in our various end markets for the third quarter of 2017. Revenue for the automotive market in the third quarter was $411 million and represented 30% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter automotive revenue grew by 32% year-over-year and was approximately flat quarter-over-quarter. For the third quarter, we again saw strong demand in a seasonally weak quarter for our CMOS image sensors, power management products, mixed-signal A6 and sensor interface products. Our revenue grew strongly year-over-year in most geographies. As I indicated earlier in the prepared remarks and on previous calls, we are very well positioned to benefit from the adoption of ADAS and electric vehicles. We expect to see our first silicon carbide related revenue from automotive customers in the second half of 2018. In the fourth quarter, we expect to see a ramp of our IGBTs for electric vehicle traction motors in China. We are seeing ramp of our IGBTs and FETs for electric vehicle charger designs. We are working with leading ecosystem players on power management solutions for processors and other related applications in automotive. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the automotive end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The industrial end markets, which includes military, aerospace, and medical, contributed revenue of $349 million in the third quarter. The industrial end market represented 25% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter industrial revenue grew by 51% year-over-year and by 1% as compared to the industrial revenue in the second quarter. Overall demand from industrial market remains healthy. We are seeing strong growth for our PYTHON line of image sensors for machine vision applications. We are also benefiting from demand of our power modules and power management semiconductor solutions for industrial applications. As we have indicated earlier, we have leveraged our expertise in consumer power modules and adapted many of our consumer power modules to industrial applications. We continue to see solid strength in Fairchild's portfolio for the industrial market. With expanded capabilities in power modules and the addition of Fairchild's portfolio, we have one of the most comprehensive portfolios in the market for the industrial power management. Customers are increasingly relying on us as a credible alternative to the current market leader. In addition to benefits from secular growth in the industrial end market driven by increased automation and the need for higher energy efficiency, we should see incremental upside to our revenue driven by share gains as customers reduce their reliance on a single provider. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the industrial end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of $282 million in the third quarter. Communications end market represented approximately 20% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter communications revenue grew by 50% year-over-year and 9% quarter-over-quarter. Third quarter communications revenue was negatively impacted by our exit from the mobile image sensor market in the second quarter of 2017. However, the launch of new platforms and continuing increase of our content in the major platforms more than offset the decline in mobile image sensor revenue. As I noted earlier, we are seeing strong traction for our USB Type-C solutions in the smartphone market. We expect strong growth in our USB Type-C related revenue from the smartphone market going forward. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the communications end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The computing end market contributed revenue of $157 million in the third quarter. The computing end market represented 11% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter computing revenue grew by 58% year-over-year and 16% quarter-over-quarter. The growth in computing was driven by strength in both client and server solutions. Our server business is off to a solid start with an impressive revenue performance in the third quarter. We are engaged with market leaders for cloud and server platforms, and we are very encouraged by early feedback on our cloud and server solutions. Revenue in the fourth quarter for computing end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The consumer end market contributed revenue of $192 million in the third quarter. The consumer end market represented 14% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter consumer revenue grew by 59% year-over-year and by 2% quarter-over-quarter. Continued strength in white goods was a key driver of consumer-related revenue in the third quarter. Revenue in the fourth quarter for the consumer end market is expected be down quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. In summary, we continue to deliver solid results driven by strong execution on all fronts. Through our investments over the last many years in high-growth segments and in highly differentiated products in automotive, industrial, and communications end markets, we have been successful in transforming ON Semiconductor into a company driven by sustainable secular growth drivers in the fastest-growing semiconductor end markets. From a company driven by macroeconomic and industrial cyclicality, we are making strong progress towards our target financial model, and we are increasingly confident of achieving the target model (22:31) significant macroeconomic downturn. We have shown impressive expansion in our margins and our free cash flow generation has increased at a rapid pace. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Keith. Before I go into the details of the fourth quarter guidance, let me point out that the fourth quarter has two extra days as compared to the third quarter of 2017. As the fourth quarter is predominantly front-end loaded, we don't expect incremental revenue due to the extra two days in the quarter. However, we will have to bear fixed costs and operating expenses for the two extra days in the fourth quarter, and these costs will have slightly negative impact on gross margin and operating expenses for the fourth quarter. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that the total ON Semiconductor revenues will be $1.325 billion to $1.375 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017. Backlog levels for the fourth quarter of 2017 represent 80% to 85% of our anticipated fourth quarter revenue. For the fourth quarter of 2017, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of 36.3% to 38.3%. Factory utilization in the fourth quarter is likely to be down sequentially. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $324 million to $345 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges which are expected to be in the $30 million to $37 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $294 million to $308 million. The increase in operating expenses in the fourth quarter as compared to those in the third quarter is primarily driven by two extra days in the fourth quarter. We anticipate fourth quarter GAAP net income and expense, including interest expense will be in the $33 million to $36 million, which includes noncash interest expense of $8 million to $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense will be in the $25 million to $27 million. Cash paid for income taxes in the fourth quarter of 2017 is expected to be $17 million to $21 million. Cash taxes are higher in the fourth quarter due to the timing of 2017 tax payments between quarters as recorded by the tax authorities in the jurisdictions we do business. We expect our 2017 cash tax rate to be 10%. We expect total capital expenditures of $140 million to $160 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. As I indicated earlier, our capital intensity in the fourth quarter of 2017 will be higher to compensate for the lower capital intensity in the first three quarters of the year. Our target of 6% to 7% annual capital intensity remains unchanged. We also expect share-based compensation of $16 million to $18 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, of which approximately $2 million is expected be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2017 is expected to be in the 431 million to 433 million shares based on the current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2017 is expected to be 428 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Sonia, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. The first one's for Keith. Keith, you mentioned a couple times in your script about the company being less cyclical in addressing more secular growth. So, I guess a two-pronged question. First, can you talk about what you think makes the company less cyclical? And then second, there's a lot of investor concern on the cyclical side of the equation. Can you give us your view on where we are in the cycle?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Certainly. I think the first comment on secular is really looking at longer-term growth trends. We've mentioned many times in automotive that the electrification and automation there is going to be driving significant growth independent of economic cycles. We have the same kind of feeling about industrial. There are a lot of applications there where we're automating buildings, we're looking at automating manufacturing et cetera, and those trends will supersede any kind of economic cyclicality. So, we think those are the two dominant drivers making us much more secular. Secondly, relative to how we see the cycle, we continue to see strength on all fronts from our customers. And as we look out to – we don't see any macroeconomic landmines on the horizon. And so as a result, we expect to see continued growth into a longer-than-normal semiconductor cycle.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for that. And then the follow-up question is for Bernard. On the margin and free cash flow, great job on those metrics. As we look forward, can you give us an update on where we are for the Fairchild integration? I believe you said you had about $65 million of synergies remaining, and you talked about the backend consolidation kicking in. Can you just walk us through the major steps to get that incremental $65 million, please?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: The majority of it comes, as you stated, from the insourcing of assembly and test activities which will start ramping towards the end of this year and will really ramp into 2018. We have launched multiple CapEx programs associated with that, and they're all in the works. So, we expect that to start really in earnest as we go into next year.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Thanks, guys. I think in the first part of the call you mentioned lead times had gone out a little bit. And then, Keith, you said that they haven't materially changed. So, can you guys just maybe give us a sense of what would be a sort of an aggregate of your normal lead times and where they are right now? And when would you expect those to get back to normal?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. They've been operating not too far from the mid-teens for some time. They went up marginally here in the last quarter. Some of the capital we're bringing in here in Q4 should start to alleviate that by the middle of next year.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And so, you said they went up a little bit. Did they go up by a day? Two days? A week? A weekday? How much did they go up?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Not even – a day or less.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Oh, okay. And the second question would be just on the capital structure. You said you might be able to institute the capital return program. Maybe just talk about how we should think of the debt pay down going forward and then what a capital return program would look like.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, as debt matures naturally, we have redeemable debt, at that time we'll continue paying debt down. And we'll be discussing with our board the capital allocation policy going forward.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the good results and execution. One more on the capital returns program, since you did tantalize us with that remark in your prepared comments. Keith, are you more – are you favoring more a buyback program or an initiation of dividend? Because when I look at the free cash flow yield, it was 7% to 8% on the stock right now, so quite attractive. The other option, of course, is to consider additional M&A and maybe expand gross margins beyond the 40% target. So, without any quantification, if you could give us some additional color on which way you're leaning, that would be very helpful.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We have active authorization for stock buyback. But the board is discussing whether there are other means similar to what you just discussed that might be better in the long term for the shareholders. And so, we won't give any more clarity to that until next quarter.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I see. And then in terms of the competitive landscape, we have heard more noise coming out of Sony in terms of their intention to compete in the automotive image sensor market. I understand these relationships with customers tend to be long-term, so there's probably no change in the near-term. But just longer term, how do you see your technology position in the automotive image sensor market versus Sony or any other competitor?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. We continue to drive technologies specific to automotive that we think are a competitive advantage across the board. We also have many years of experience in automotive reliability and quality, along with cyber security and functional security. So, we think we've got a lead there that we can maintain with continued investments specific to the automotive industry.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And the same question from a cost perspective, how do you think your cost basis compares with some of your competitors who might have higher volumes just because they are engaged in the smartphone industry?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. We believe we continue to be cost-competitive there, having driven like we do in all of our product lines, very good supply chains, and very good manufacturing efficiencies.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Caso of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Wonder if you could talk a bit about seasonality, both in terms of what you would consider to be normal seasonality in the fourth quarter and how your guidance shapes up against that. As we look into next year, there are a lot of moving parts as we go into Q1. But now that Fairchild's been on the books for quite a while, where do you see normal seasonality in Q1?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thanks, Chris. So, we believe our normal blended seasonality for the fourth quarter is in that 2% to 4%, so approximately 3%, which we believe that our guidance matches that normal seasonality. Fairchild had a more pronounced seasonality than ON, but the combined blended average is that approximately 3%. For Q1, we look in that range of zero of 2% down.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And going forward, just with regard to pricing, given the tight supply conditions industry-wide, I'd have to imagine that pricing is favorable and likely coming down less than where your costs are. With that in mind and also the annual price negotiations you guys typically have in Q1, what should we think about pricing as we go into next year? And what potential impact could that have on margins as we look into 2018?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, normally, we see 5% to 6% price erosion a year. We are currently experiencing less than that rate, and I would expect that to continue into next year. Our annual cost reduction internally, we try to target to be faster than those price erosions. And so, I would expect to see margin pick-up. Exact basis points, I'm not sure I can give a forecast on, but it should be quite favorable in our margin gains towards our targets.
Chris Caso - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis of FBR B. Riley. Your line is now open.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Yes. Thanks for taking the question and thanks for getting the changed name right. Keith, first, congratulations on the numerous accomplishments in the quarter. Two, if we just look at this year's free cash flow generation at $700 million and think about what that means over the three-year target model period, that's $2.1 billion of value creation flexibility that you now have in the business. So, as you look at the $2 in earnings per share target for 2020, one, how much does this year's expanded free cash flow increase your confidence in attainability? And two, doesn't it mean that there's significant pull-in potential from 2020, given the levers that you now have at your disposal?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, thanks, Craig. Definitely, we are very happy with the free cash flow evolving right now. It does provide us a significant amount of increased confidence that we will be able to achieve our promised target model. And indeed, it would point into potentially even accelerating that target.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: All right. And then the follow-up is on the PC business, obviously, very strong quarter there. And the question is how much of the sequential growth came from gains in the server businesses? And as we look to 2018, how should we think about the evolution of mix between the legacy PC business and the growth of the company is now realizing with server power?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Most of that did come from server power, and I would expect going forward that, that will be the increases that you see. For a lot of reasons in the end markets, the kind of personal computer use has flattened out and plateaued. So, it's really – we're looking for growth from the server power side.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh of Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yes. Hi, guys. Just looking at 2018, there is a lot of worry around the automotive side but content continues to grow. Is there a way you can take a look in the crystal ball and see how – tell us how 2018 looks just automotive-wise?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. So, obviously, we have the same forecast everyone has on SAAR. We're looking at the low 1%, 2% ranges. But from a content perspective, significant more adoption on ADAS we think gives us kind of the high single-digit opportunity in 2018.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it. And then as a camera ADAS supplier, you guys have worked and collaborated with NVIDIA and Mobileye. You mentioned AI, can you talk to us what you're doing there? And what is the book-to-bill in automotive here? Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. Those are diverse questions. Book-to-bill continues to be above 1 in automotive as, frankly it is in all our markets right now, so I'm not going to give those numbers. On the AI front, there's two areas that we collaborate on. One is with the power for AI. It's going to – there's significantly more compute power and this is a part of our power supply program. And then secondly, interfacing with all of the sensors and the sensor interface products is predominantly where we interface with the AI people directly on the signal side.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rajvindra Gill of Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Company, LLC: Yes. Thank you, and congrats as well. Question on the silicon carbide traction you're getting. I just want to get some clarification, are you selling both the silicon carbide substrates, the wafers, as well as the power RF devices that are built on those silicon substrates? And along those same lines, kind of how would you characterize the competitive landscape in silicon carbide in terms of capacity and technological capability?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, we are only selling silicon carbide power devices. We don't sell substrates, and that market is growing quite rapidly. It needs more than one supplier and there are I think two or three total competitors out there. So, we see a lot of healthy growth there in a market that is going to explode, quite literally, from a growth perspective in 2018, 2019 timeframe.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Company, LLC: And just one follow-up on that as well because I agree with that assessment. From my perspective, the biggest advantage of silicon carbide power device is their ability to do high-frequency switching at lower temperature than silicon. I was wondering if you could describe some of the advantages, from your perspective, and what's driving the adoption on for that technology?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. You get much higher efficiencies in your power conversion, which means you don't have to do as much cooling, and that removes a lot of cooling weight from the automobiles giving them longer battery lives, et cetera. You also get much more dense power solutions, so they can be much smaller to get the same performance.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Company, LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. First question, just a two-parter on the communications business. How much of just walking away from mobile image sensor business did that cost you into the September quarter? And then, are you expecting to see maybe less than seasonal headwinds as we move into the March quarter given the later launch of the iPhone this year?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, the direct revenue quarter-on-quarter between two and three was a $12 million reduction that we saw in that. From a year earlier, it was much higher but quarter-on-quarter about $12 million. Yes, there were later launches for certain other phones. We do expect to have the opportunity for a stronger than normal seasonality in Q1. How much is yet to be determined.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Perfect. And then as a follow-up, if I may, if we look at the typical step-up you see in OpEx going into the March quarter, variable (42:17) other things. How much of that on a dollar basis may step up, understanding that there's a little bit of an extra two day dynamic here in the fourth quarter?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: With the extra two days going away, I expect that the OpEx will be down.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Down on a sequential dollar basis? For the March quarter?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Rolland of Susquehanna International Group. Your line is now open.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna International Group: Thank you for the question, and great quarter, guys. So, divestitures, maybe any more details on the mobile divestiture or at least IP agreement? And also you mentioned another pending divestiture that you guys might be doing. Is it bigger or smaller than the mobile one? And how many other opportunities do you kind of see to divest in businesses.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Details will be coming out in the 10-Q, but that mobile business has completed its divestiture. The other ones we referred to will be smaller than that one that will be announced here in this quarter.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna International Group: Great. And then back to your position, more around the silicon carbide stuff, and your position in high power as well, maybe you want to describe that. Does silicon carbide open up a bunch of new markets for you in higher power? And then also, what are your feelings on GaN? Are you now significantly favoring silicon carbide over GaN?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. Silicon carbide, we're supplying today into the industrial market. Basically it goes in the modules, power modules that we have, IGBTs in today. So, some of it is displacement of IGBTs with silicon carbide in the same modules, giving us higher efficiency. And some of it, to your point, does open up new applications where either power density or thermal capacity are most important. GaN will continue to grow at a much slower pace. Our belief is that silicon carbide will be growing very, very quickly but gallium nitride power devices will take off much more slowly.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna International Group: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Stoss of Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open.
Anthony Joseph Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Hi, guys. Nice quarter. Within your implied CapEx guide of next year, call it $350 million, is the Fujitsu strategic investment, is that part or included or is that on top of it? And also, Keith, do you expect your normal 75%, 25% internal versus external manufacturing to change in 2018? And then I had a follow-up.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, the Fujitsu joint venture is not included in that number. That's recorded in a different place on the cash flow statement. So, it is incremental on top of the regular CapEx.
Anthony Joseph Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up, in terms of the divestitures that you're alluding to happening in Q4, how much revenue have you been anticipating in your Q4 revenue guide as part of that?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It would actually – I mean, it's negligible. The answer to that is, again, we're anticipating that move and so there's nothing in the guidance.
Anthony Joseph Stoss - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Baird. Your line is now open.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. As a follow-up to the prior question from Chris, and given the extension of backlog that we generally see in analog, you probably have very good visibility into early next year. Any sense of how Q1 is currently shaping? You have already mentioned what type of seasonality we should be expecting.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. So, it's shaping up strong compared to normal seasonality. But again, specific metrics will have to wait.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's great. And then at the beginning of this year you highlighted some areas that you thought could really drive growth in auto specifically, automotive sensors and LED headlights. Today you've mentioned your expectations for ADAS to be a high single-digit growth. So, I'm assuming that's your CMOS sensor business. You also talked about silicon carbide. Any sense of the, first, any other areas within automotive that you would consider as a driving factor for 2018? And also, if you could talk about the incremental dollar opportunity that you see from silicon carbide per car.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. So, for clarification, the upper single-digits is for total automotive growth, not just in those applications. Things like ADAS are actually in the 20s-percent growth year-on-year, and LED headlights are in the high teens. So, the aggregate number is high single-digits, just for clarity. So, we are expecting very fast growth in the developing areas inside the car, but we have a large business that includes internal combustion engines that is not growing as fast. So, the net of that is high single-digits. And then as far as other areas, there are many areas in the car growing. They're replacing all the motors with new brushless DC motors. We've got the EV and hybrid electronic applications that can add up to $200 per car and silicon carbide certainly is a contributor to that. But in those modules, it could be $40 to $50 additional for silicon carbide.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's very useful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. First question is on factory utilization rates. I know it was mentioned as ticking up again this quarter. I think as of 1Q it was in the mid-80s. So, can you level set us on where factory utilization is at this point and is it over 90%?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It is approximately the high-80s to 90%. It's not above.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks for that. And then for a follow-up question specifically on the industrial market, Keith, I know you said down in the fourth quarter and I know seasonality is always tough, some years it's been down and for my model, some years it's been up. If you could just elaborate a bit more on what you're seeing in the industrial market and what's the reason for the guidance to be lower sequentially in 4Q?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We're just giving that guidance based on the broad-based exposure we see in the marketplace. There is nothing that stands out as being a problem. Maybe a pause, but there's no problems.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yes. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions and congratulations on the strong result. Bernard, I wanted to go back a little bit to the Fujitsu deal and hope that you can give us some understanding of what the incremental CapEx burden would be. And I'm assuming if there's an incremental CapEx burden to that deal, there's an incremental positive running through the P&L. So, is Fujitsu part of the 2020 margin target plan or is it above and beyond that, and can you quantify that?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Definitely, it's part of our factory footprint plans. When we announced it on October 10, we basically said that getting to that incremental 30% in ownership will cost us $18 million. That's a very, very cost-effective way of getting incremental capital, much better than if we had to buy just the pure equipment, and it will definitely give us a significant amount of 200 millimeter incremental capacity that will help us relieve some of the tightness we have in some of our packages in markets.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Just to clarify, it's part of the 2020 margin plan or this would above and beyond?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: No, it's part of it.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. That's helpful.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It's part of getting the required capacity to get to deliver the revenues associated with the plan.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Perfect. And then, Keith, I wanted to go back to Ross' first question about just where we are in the cycle. When I look at your business, sort of direct disti and EMS, the direct numbers would clearly suggest that things aren't overheating. I think you were up about 1% sequentially, 4% year-over-year. But when you sort of look at disti up 16% year-over-year and then EMS up 18% sequentially and 20% year-over-year, can you just – is there anything going on in the mix of business that would argue things moving more towards disti? And I guess specifically in the calendar third quarter, was there a program at the EMS side that drove revenue up sequentially that much? I know it's a small part, but just trying to get an understanding of disti and EMS and what's driving the growth there.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. A couple of very significant factors. One is we have grown significantly model-year-over-model-year with customers in areas like cell phones that use distribution and EMS as their primary sources. So, basically, outgrowing with some of those customers. Secondly, of course, Fairchild, big impact on that. They were much more distribution than ON was from a legacy perspective, and those numbers flow through as well. So, a combination of what was traditionally OEMs moving more into the EMS disti channel plus Fairchild really have changed the nature of that number. But we track very closely – continue to track very closely the sell-through, even though we are now on sell-in, and we continue to drive inventories down. So, we just don't see any signs of overheating.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And then if I could sneak one last quick one in. Bernard, just on the free cash flow, great to see you raised the guidance for the full-year to $700 million. But given that we've done nine months already, it kind of only shows about a $40 million to $45 million free cash flow number for the calendar fourth quarter. I'm assuming there's a level of conservatism in that. But are there period costs that you can also talk about in Q4 that might be impacting free cash flow for the quarter?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Definitely, we are trying to be prudent in the way we forecast. But as I also mentioned, we are going to spend a lot more CapEx in the fourth quarter as compared to what we spent in the first nine months. Our guidance is $140 million to $160 million in CapEx for the fourth quarter as compared to $90 million in the third quarter.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. Just had a question on the cycle, particularly lead times if I look at how you're managing through what's been titans (53:58) across the industry versus some peers and we've heard of lead times extended further. Just anything that you've been able to do to kind of help maintain the lead times not extending out as much as some others have seen.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: I think the biggest impact this cycle, which is a strong cycle right now, has been working with our distributor partners to make sure that we did not increase inventory there. That typically is what has the biggest impact on lead times is overordering and distribution.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And if I can ask a follow-up on the silicon carbide, as you mentioned, there's a couple of players in this market. Can you just talk about your visibility then as you talk to 2018 programs, kind of where you are from a design perspective and how you see that building up over time?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. As I mentioned, in the industrial sector, we've had offerings for a while and so, have good visibility on that growth. And our first automotive win is going to production Q3 of 2018.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Betsy Van Hees of Loop Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Betsy Van Hees - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, and thanks so much for taking my questions, and congratulations on the strong quarter and guidance. Thanks so much for providing us the typical seasonality for Q1. Given that you've got Fairchild under your belt for quite a long time now, I was wondering if you could walk us through what typical seasonality is for the quarters Q2, Q3, and Q4 of the combined companies. It would be very helpful for modeling purposes. Thanks.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you. So, the second quarter is typically in that 3% to 4%. The third quarter, approximately the same. And then the fourth quarter is down that 3%, just like we talked about earlier.
Betsy Van Hees - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, Bernard. That was very helpful. And then Keith, in the past, you've talked about wireless charging and it's been in your prepared remarks and I see you don't mention it this time. So, I was wondering if you could give us an update on where things stand with wireless charging. Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Sure. So, wireless charging has been, again, nothing new, much slower to develop than we anticipated. And most of the applications appear to be going for multimode charging which we've introduced devices for now. The big driver there we expect to be handsets, and we expect to see, again, some improvement here in 2018 but for 2017 was not a significant event.
Betsy Van Hees - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much. Appreciate that, Keith, and once again, congratulations on the strong results and the guidance.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Parag Agarwal for any closing remarks.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various events during the quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - VP of Corporate Development and Investor Relations Keith Jackson - President and CEO Bernard Gutmann - CFO
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Vivek Arya - Bank of America Chris Danely - Citigroup Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Rajvindra Gill - Needham & Company Craig Ellis - B. Riley Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Chris Caso - Raymond James Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho Securities Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Chris Rolland - Susquehanna Harsh Kumar - Stephens Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley John Pitzer - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce to your host for today's conference, Mr. Parag Agarwal, VP of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Danielle. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's second quarter 2017 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO, and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast, along with our earnings release for the second quarter of 2017 will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end-markets, business segments, geographies and channels are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors, which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the second quarter of 2017. Our estimates may change and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors, except as required by law. For all synergy-related discussion on this call, we have used Fairchild's 2015 results as a base for all comparisons. During the third quarter, we will be attending Citi Technology Conference in New York on September 7, and Deutsche Bank Conference in Las Vegas on September 12. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of the second quarter 2017 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We once again delivered solid financial results which exceeded our guidance and street consensus for all key metrics. Our second quarter results clearly demonstrate the consistent and strong execution on the operational front and strength of our broad range of product portfolio for automotive, industrial and communications end-markets. Strong operating leverage and free cash flow generation in the second quarter clearly demonstrate the strength of our operating model. Visibility into our business continues to remain strong as we benefit from our design wins in automotive industrial and communications end markets. Diversity in our customer base, product portfolio and end-markets have insulated us from volatile - from the volatility cost by weaknesses in certain end-market and geographies. With our largest end-customer contributing less than 5% of our revenue and the product portfolio weighted towards end-markets with fastest growing semiconductor content. We generally have lower customer and product related risk. At the same time, we are well positioned to benefit from secular and macro trends in the semiconductor industry. We continue to make strong progress in the integration of Fairchild and remain on track to deliver the targeted synergies. At the same time, we have taken steps to optimize our product portfolio to drive margin expansion for the company. During the second quarter, we exited the mobile image sensor market as the margin profile for that business was not comparable with our target financial model. Furthermore, we monetize the value of highly differentiated mobile imaging technology, through an intellectual property licensing agreement with a third-party. We have excluded the gain of approximately $24 million related to this transaction from our second quarter non-GAAP results. We delivered robust free cash flow performance during the second quarter. As we indicated earlier, we intend to use that this free cash flow to de-risk our balance sheet, for 2017 we now expect free cash flow in the range of $600 million to $650 million higher than our earlier expectation of approximately $550 million to $600 million. As a comparison, we generated free cash flow of approximately $371 million in 2016. Now let me provide you details on our second quarter results. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2017 was approximately 1.338 billion an increase of approximately 52% year-over-year, and a decrease of 7% as compared to GAAP revenue in the first quarter. Recall that our first quarter GAAP revenue included a one-time benefit of approximately $155 million due to the change in revenue recognition to sell-in method from sell-through method. Second quarter revenue increased by approximately 4% as compared to non-GAAP revenue in the first quarter. GAAP net income for the second quarter was $0.22 per diluted share. GAAP income before income taxes for the second quarter was approximately $143.2 million as compared to $115 million in the first quarter. Non-GAAP income before income tax for the second quarter was approximately $171.1 million. Net cash paid for taxes in the second quarter was approximately $17.1 million and diluted shares outstanding were approximately $426 million. Non-GAAP income before income tax for the first quarter was approximately $133.2 million, net cash paid for taxes in the first quarter was approximately $18.4 million and diluted shares outstanding were approximately 426 million. GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 36.8%, as compared to 35% for the first quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 36.9%, an impressive increase of approximately 150 basis points over 35.4% in the first quarter. Better than expected non-GAAP gross margin in the second quarter was driven by strong operational execution and higher than expected revenues. On the operational front, enterprise-wide manufacturing cost reductions and supply chain synergies from Fairchild were major contributors to gross margin expansion. With tailwinds from additional manufacturing synergies from Fairchild, mix improvement and portfolio optimization, we remain on track to achieve our target non-GAAP gross margin of 40% by 2020. GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2017 was approximately 11.5%, as compared to approximately 12.8% in the prior quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 14.7%, an increase of approximately 150 basis points over 13.2% in the first quarter. On a revenue increase of approximately 4%, our non-GAAP operating profit increased by approximately 16%. This strong operating profit performance demonstrates the operating leverage and strength of our operating model. GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were approximately $337.9 million, as compared to approximately $319.9 million for the first quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were approximately $296.8 million, as compared to approximately $284.9 million in the first quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were at the higher-end of our guidance primarily due to the accrual for higher variable compensation resulting from significantly better results. We expect our OpEx intensity to decline in the third quarter of 2017. We had strong free cash flow performance in the second quarter. We define free cash flow as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures. Second quarter free cash flow was approximately $264.2 million as compared to approximately $155.8 million in the first quarter. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was approximately $333.2 million. Second quarter free cash flow and operating cash flow included approximately $24 million from a licensing arrangement related to the mobile image sensor business. Capital expenditures during the second quarter were approximately $69 million. Capital intensity, based on non-GAAP revenue during the first six months of the year was approximately 4.6%, significantly below our target model of 6% to 7%. We expect that capital expenditures in the second half will increase as capital intensity for 2017 is expected to be in range of 6% to 7%. As I indicated earlier, we expect free cash flow for 2017 to be in the range of $600 million to $650 million, higher than our previous expectation of approximately $550 million to $600 million. We exited the second quarter of 2017 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $872 million, as compared to approximately $729 million in the first quarter. We used approximately $137 million in the second quarter of 2017 for repayment of debt. At the end of the second quarter of 2017, days of inventory on hand, adjusted for fair market value step-up were 108 days, down three days as compared to inventory days at end of the first quarter. Second quarter distribution inventory in days was approximately flat as compared to the first quarter. For the second quarter of 2017, our lead times were up moderately quarter-over-quarter. Our global factory utilization for the second quarter was slightly up sequentially. Now let me provide you an update on performance of our business units, starting with Power Solutions Group, or PSG. Revenues for PSG was approximately $671 million. Revenue for our Analog Solutions Group for the second quarter of 2017 was approximately $468 million and revenue for Image Sensor Group was approximately $198 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. Once again, I am very pleased with our results. Our second quarter results clearly demonstrate the strong momentum of our power, analog and sensor portfolio for automotive, industrial and communications end-markets. At the same time, our robust free cash flow generation, strong margin performance and solid operating leverage demonstrate the strength of our operating model. While we have benefited from a favorable industry and macroeconomic environment, a significant part of our outperformance has been driven by company-specific factors such as accelerating traction in automotive, industrial and communications end markets and solid execution on the operational front to realize synergies and cost savings. Our results over the last many quarters demonstrate progress that we have made in transforming ON into a highly diversified and broad-based supplier of power, analog and sensor solutions for automotive, industrial, and communications end-markets. As Bernard indicated earlier, this highly diversified base of customers, products and end-markets has insulated us from demand volatility from certain end-markets and geographies. Customers are realizing the depth and breadth of our power, analog and sensor portfolio, and they are increasingly relying on us for key enabling technologies that are disrupting existing business models. We are engaging at a very early stage with key players in artificial intelligence for automotive, machine vision and robotics applications. Also, we continue to extend our leadership in the ADAS markets for automotive, and we are investing in sensor fusion solutions for ADAS. We believe that our exposure to secular growth drivers and emerging applications will enable us to continue to outgrow the semiconductor industry. We continue to make strong progress in the integration of Fairchild. Integration of Fairchild's IT systems is expected to be complete in fourth quarter of 2017. Also, we are on track to begin realizing manufacturing synergies from Fairchild towards the end of this year as we start insourcing of Fairchild's backend operations. We expect to exit 2017 with annual synergies run rate of $180 million. Our target of annual synergies run-rate of $245 million by the end of 2019 remains unchanged. Performance of Fairchild continues to be strong, with continued strength in bookings momentum. We are realizing revenue synergies from Fairchild as our strategy of leveraging our sales reach and customer relationships to accelerate Fairchild's revenue is yielding strong results. We again had a record bookings quarter for Fairchild in the second quarter. During the second quarter, booking for Fairchild were at the highest levels for the last three years. Let me now comment on the business trends in the second quarter. During the second quarter, demand trends and bookings were strong across most end-markets and geographies. Also, supply and demand dynamics remained favorable in the second quarter as we didn't see any evidence of inventory build in distribution channel, or of anomalous booking patterns. Commentary from customers and our booking trends point to sustained improvement in demand environment for most end-markets. Customers continue to remain concerned about potential supply tightness as demand continues to grow at a steady pace. Now I'll provide details of the progress in our various end-markets for second quarter of 2017. Revenue for the automotive market in the second quarter was approximately $410 million and represented approximately 31% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter automotive revenue grew by approximately 30% year-over-year and was marginally up quarter-over-quarter on non-GAAP basis. Our momentum in the automotive market remains intact with leadership in fast growing applications such as ADAS and LED lighting and exposure to highly diversified customer base across the globe. For the second quarter, we again posted strong growth in our CMOS image sensor business for viewing and ADAS applications. We continue to gain market share in automotive image sensors and our design win pipeline for our CMOS image sensors for automotive applications continues to grow at a rapid pace. As I indicated earlier, we are working with market leaders for development of artificial intelligence based ADAS systems. Our power franchise for automotive continues to strengthen and we are working with leading eco-system partners on power management solutions for processors and other related applications in automotive. Other drivers for automotive in the second quarter included LED lighting, in-vehicle networking, mixed signal ASICs and protection devices. Despite temporary softness in automotive demand in certain geographies, global demand for automotive semiconductors has shown no signs of slowdown. With the broad product portfolio and exposure to the fastest growing segments of the automotive market, we're among the best position companies to capitalize on increasing semiconductor content in automotives. Revenue in the third quarter for automotive end-market is expected to be approximately flat quarter-over-quarter as opposed to normal seasonality of sequential decline in the third quarter. The industrial end-market which includes military, aerospace and medical contributed revenue were approximately $351 million in the second quarter. The industrial end-market represented approximately 26% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter industrial revenue grew by approximately 59% year-over-year and approximately 8% quarter-over-quarter as compared to non-GAAP industrial revenue in the first quarter. Strength in the industrial end-market was broad-based across products and geographies. With the acquisition of Fairchild our footprint for power management solutions for industrial applications as expanded in a significant manner. We're seeing a steep acceleration demand for our power modules for industrial applications. Key drivers of demand for industrial end-markets include industrial power supplies, building automation, lighting, industrial automation and alternative energy. We also saw a strong growth in our medical business driven by implantable devices and hearing health. We continue to see strong growth in machine vision applications with our PYTHON line of CMOS image sensors. As I indicated earlier, we are engaging at the very early stage with key players in artificial intelligence for machine vision and robotics applications. Revenue in the third quarter for the industrial end-market is expected to down quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The communications end-market which includes both working and wireless contributed revenue of approximately $252 million in the second quarter. The communications end-market represented approximately 19% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter communications revenue grew by approximately 62% year-over-year and approximately 6% quarter-over-quarter. Our presence with market leaders in the smartphone market continues to strengthen and our content and major smartphone platforms continue to grow with each generation. We recently achieved major successes with our power management devices and intelligent charging solutions for smartphones. Revenue in the third quarter for the communications end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. Computing end-market contributed revenue of approximately $131 million in the second quarter. The computing end-market represented approximately 10% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter computing revenue grew by approximately 50% year-over-year and approximately 3% quarter-over-quarter. We remain on track for the ramp of our server-related revenue in the second half of this year. Recall that with products from Fairchild we have won designs for powered stage for cloud computing and server applications with addressable content of more than $30. Revenue in the third quarter for computing end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The consumer end-market contributed revenue of approximately $194 million in the second quarter. Consumer end-market represented approximately 15% of our revenue in the second quarter. Second quarter consumer revenue grew by approximately 96% year-over-year and approximately 7% quarter-over-quarter. Strength in white goods was a key driver of consumer related revenue in the second quarter. Revenue in the third quarter for the consumer end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. In summary, our execution remains strong and we continue to deliver solid results. We have shown impressive expansion in our margins and our free cash flow generation is accelerating at a rapid pace. Fairchild integration is progressing on schedule and performance of Fairchild thus far has exceeded our expectations. While we have benefited from a favorable industry and macro-economic environment, a significant part of our out performance has been driven by company specific factors such as accelerating traction in automotive, industrial and communications end-markets and solid execution on the operational front to realize synergies and cost savings. With the strong pipeline of design wins coupled with favorable macro-economic environment and a healthy supply demand dynamics in the semiconductor industry, visibility into business remains strong. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $1.340 billion to $1.390 billion in the third quarter of 2017. The exit from the mobile image sensor business is slightly impacting the sequential revenue growth in the third quarter. Backlog levels for the third quarter of 2017 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated third quarter revenue. For the third quarter of 2017, we expect GAAP gross margin in the range of 36% to 38% and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of approximately 36.2% to 38.2%. Factory utilization in the third quarter is likely to be up sequentially. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $315 million to $336 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles restructuring asset impairment and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $30 million to $37 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $285 million to $299 million. We anticipate third quarter GAAP net income, net other income and expenses including interest expense will be approximately $35 million to $38 million, which include non-cash interest expense of approximately $8 million to $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expenses including interest expense will be approximately $27 million to $29 million. Cash paid for income taxes in the third quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately $13 million to $17 million. We expected total capital expenditures of approximately $105 million to $125 million in the third quarter of 2017. As I indicated earlier, capital intensity in the second half of 2017 will be higher to compensate for the low level of capital intensity in the first half of the year. Our target of 6% to 7% annual capital intensity remains unchanged. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $16 million to $18 million in the third quarter of 2017, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the third quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately $427 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and Danielle, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Thanks guys, let me ask you a question. The first question is on margins in general, you guys said solid upside in the gross margin, but the OpEx was a little bit higher in the second quarter than expected. Can you just Bernard walk us through the puts and takes in the gross margin upside and then the OpEx side the variable aspect of it, I think everybody understands if revenues are stronger the OpEx can be higher. But just walk us through what drove it so high and why you have confidence that should we have more upside in the revenue side of the equation, the OpEx intensity will go down in the second half as you guided?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Ross. So on the gross margin front the puts and takes are the same we have articulated in our Analyst Day mainly revenue fall through, cost reductions mix and synergies, those are the major ones. The - on the OpEx front, as we stated in our prepared remarks pretty much all of the increase, sequential increase is due to variable comp. As we go further up there is a limit to that, so we expect that will not continue also we guided our stock-based comp to be slightly lower which is just based on normal calculation of the - of our shares. So its mainly stock-based comp and variable compensation for which we know we have limits based on our bonus plan.
Ross Seymore: Great, thanks for that. And I guess this is my follow-up, Keith one for you…
Bernard Gutmann: Sorry Furthermore, we also expect to still continue generating more and more synergies coming from Fairchild that will help us also moderate and reduce the intensity of our OpEx for the second half of the year.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thanks for that Bernard. Keith, one for your quickly, you and your script went through reasons talking about lead times in bookings and no abnormal behavior. Just talk a little bit more about what you are seeing there, I get a lot of investor questions about the peak in the cycle and what does it mean for ON et cetera. So, if you can go into maybe quantifying where those lead times are and what you've seen in cycles past and retrospect that peaks and how we might be different currently from those former peaks?
Keith Jackson: I think there was a couple of things that put us in a good situation, one is, there has been a good discipline on capacity expansion in the industry in the last couple of years and what we have seen here is a relatively low amount of increase quarterly, but it's been a steady increase for the last several quarters. So, without capacity being added, you end up with fuller factories, little more supply tightness and a little better positioning on pricing. As opposed to something that as ramped quickly in respond to some new market demands has really just been slow and steady with the controlled discipline on new capacity.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and a good job on the results. Just follow on that capacity utilization, if you could help quantify what utilization is right now? And then, importantly I think CapEx was sub-5% in the first half, but you are expecting a ramp in the second half to get back to your 6% to 7% outlook, what's driving that.
Keith Jackson: So, the utilization rates are high 80s right now and will remain there in the next quarter. From a CapEx perspective, it's really just the cycle times on getting new capital things that have been ordered for some time, lead times extended out on those and they just appear to be landing in the third quarter versus the second quarter.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And as my follow-up, good to see the strong free cash flow generation, I think in your prepared remarks you mentioned commitment to delevering the balance sheet, at your Analyst Day you had set out a target to getting to 2x leverage by the end of the next year. Given the strong free cash flow, do you think it's time to rethink that target and perhaps pull it in somewhat? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: Based on what we are seeing right now the possibilities of pulling in are very real. And we will -- it is our priority number one to delever the balance sheet.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. For the gross margin up surge, we assume that this is the new baseline for the synergies going forward and then maybe talk about the gross margins going forward, the other drivers?
Bernard Gutmann: In general terms, yes, it is the new mark, obviously the revenue -- we have increased revenue growth as compared to what we had in our target mall and that's basically helping us. But, yes, it is the new base to which we can count on our synergies and we still expect about a 50% fall through on incremental revenue, and then the incremental savings coming from the different plans we have already articulated in the past.
Chris Danely: Great. And then, my follow-up on lead times, can you just give us kind of where they are, do you expect them to go down this quarter, when do you think, you could bring them back to normal?
Keith Jackson: So, they are in the -- over the mid-teens and we expect them to be relatively flat even though we are bringing on significant new capacity in the third quarter.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning and thanks very much for taking the question. First question is, another one on gross margin, gross margin is guided up next quarter even though I think the end market mix gets a little bit more challenging with the industrial market down, wondering how much of that is some of the Fairchild COGS synergies starting to come through. I think you guys have planned for a little over $100 million in total of Fairchild COGS synergies which would I think get you another couple of hundred basis points to gross margin. Are you seeing some of that already in the September quarter as most of the starting to come?
Bernard Gutmann: That's mostly still to come. We expect most of the Fairchild related manufacturing synergies to come towards the end of the year and in 2018. There were some supply chain related synergies in the second quarter and we expect that will continue. So, it is more others than Fairchild synergies that will help in the third quarter. Remember we also said we exited the mobile center business which has margins that were not -- we didn't like that should also help. And in [GL] [ph] terms the way we are guiding, we are guiding for a 50% fall through on the incremental revenues.
Mark Delaney: That's appropriate. The follow-up question about seasonality in the fourth quarter obviously, Fairchild, so maybe you can help us think about what combines seasonality is for the December quarter and the move to sell-in versus sell-through in terms of the revenue recognition through distribution. How is that also playing into the seasonality this year? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann: I don't think sell-in to sell-through is affecting in any meaningful way, we are -- we have the controls in place to make sure we don't grow inventories in the abnormal way. Seasonality for the fourth quarter has typically been down. Fairchild historically has been down more than ON legacy and ON legacy in the 2% range. So, it's probably in that 2% to 4% range is what we are expecting that to be.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rajvindra Gill from Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rajvindra Gill: Yes. Thank you and congrats on solid results, the question on the automotive business, it seems that you are well positioned on kind of two fronts, one the proliferation of ADAS systems with respect to your CMOS sensor portfolio and your radar portfolio, but also the trend towards electric vehicles on your power management portfolio. So, wanted to get your sense on how you are looking at total content for both sensors and power management modules and how you are kind of position to specifically expand the sensor portfolio to incorporate or to support more higher levels of ADAS systems?
Keith Jackson: On the car content, there is quite a bit of difference between the electric vehicles and non-electric vehicles, it is as much as $300 per automobile increase for electrification so that very, very significant. On the image sensing or ADAS side, we are seeing like a 25% CAGR growth rate on that as cars adopt more cameras for more safety features and so we see that as being sustainable for at least three or four years that kind of CAGR.
Rajvindra Gill: Okay. Great. And last question for me, in terms of the industrial side, on the machine vision, can you talk a little bit about the trends towards machine vision and factory automation and how that's driving your business going forward?
Keith Jackson: It's a big part of the outgrowth in the industrial market over years passed basically the advent of affordable sensors plus artificial intelligence being added to automation in the industrial side gives a real boost. We are also seeing from a power perspective in industrial automation, the new technologies we have provide significant increases in energy efficiency and so there is a replacement cycle, it goes on with that.
Rajvindra Gill: And you had mentioned that you are working on artificial intelligence partnership or development, could you maybe elaborate further on that? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Can't give any specifics on it. Just to say there are some partners that we are working very closely with TUs both our power and sensor solutions in artificial intelligence at the moment.
Rajvindra Gill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley. Your line is open.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the execution guys. Keith, I wanted to follow-up on activity and the compute areas specifically server power, that's a nice win that starting for the team, can you just talk about how server power could evolve over the next few years after getting in on the niche initial beachhead. What should investors expect from a share and content standpoint as subsequent server generations for a while?
Keith Jackson: Yes. So, we have stated with our current power stage participation is about $30 per server. We expect that is not with significant market share. We do expect that the power will be increasing in new server platforms and so you'll get more dollar content perhaps another $15 over the next couple of years. And then from market share perspective, we would be participating in that power stage market plus the control market would add more money to that. So, you should see similar kinds of performance as we had in the desktop, notebook ramps from a share perspective and a dollar content perspective.
Craig Ellis: That's helpful. And then a product question with regard to pricing and activity there, another company that is also based in the Phoenix area last week indicated that they are seeing perming pricing in their portfolio on the MC. So, I don't think that's a meaningful or a material part of the ON portfolio, but it brings up one of the trends that we're increasingly seeing in the semiconductor sector. Are you seeing any signs of perming pricing in your product groups, if so where and if not, do you think they could emerge either later this year or next year? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: No. We see the pricing environment perming across the board as you would suspect with little extended lead times and continued growth in the marketplace, the supply demand dynamics have become more favorable for us.
Craig Ellis: And you've seen environment where pricing would actually be flat quarter-on-quarter or just looking at more moderate decline, say in the half percentage claim area?
Keith Jackson: I think we are at the flatness stage.
Craig Ellis: All right. Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good morning. Given some softness in the U.S. other market, what's your expectation for non-GAAP growth in automotive revenue this year?
Keith Jackson: So, auto revenue 2017 versus 2016 for the company should be up above around 30% year-on-year.
Tristan Gerra: And excluding Fairchild?
Keith Jackson: About more 10% if you exclude Fairchild.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. Great. And then, is your Q3 revenue guidance based on the expectation that channel inventories remain flat in Q3 given some concern in the supply chain that there could be some tightness and if you're outlook is for flat inventory levels, when do you think there is an opportunity for the channel to start replenishing inventories a bit?
Keith Jackson: So, we do expect it be roughly flat, I think we headed in our guidance quarter-on-quarter not much change and from a replenishment perspective actually we think we're managing it quite well. So we're not looking for any replenishment cycle, just really managing our sell-through basis even though we are now sell-in.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Just to ask about like the September guidance and the context of some of the stronger business conditions you are seeing now. I mean it seems like the guidance is on lower end of what we would say to be normal seasonality, is that a function of conservatism on your part is it, perhaps different definition of seasonality given Fairchild just for some perspective there, please.
Bernard Gutmann: So, as a reminder, the exit of the mobile business is indeed affecting the seasonality or the growth, sequential growth of approximately 1%, also within our numbers not the most aggressive.
Chris Caso: Okay, fair enough. As a follow-on to that, and you talked about in your prepared remarks about no evidence of inventory build or enormous booking on the part of customers, I mean given your experience how high the lead times typically get when, you typically see that, I guess, perhaps as the way we're asking it is, what's different right now from prior years where we have seen some of those enormous bookings?
Keith Jackson: Well, lead times definitely had reached higher levels when we had the last peak. So this is more moderate at this stage. And I think the other piece of it is even though the lead times have gone now, generally speaking the suppliers, is keeping up the demand. So there is not a health tremendous imbalance there.
Chris Caso: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi, thanks guys. Congratulations on your margins, finally breaking out to the 37% level. Just on the automotive side, if you look at the automotive ADAS, can you talk about what are the tailwinds there especially, what is AB penetration the U.S. and you see any tailwinds from China in CapEx especially if you look at 2018?
Keith Jackson: Yes. So specifically on ADAS that continues to be a global phenomenon just, not just Europe or U.S. phenomenon there are fewer cars with advanced ADAS in China, but the share number that are being built there and the growth particularly in the SUV arena is contributing nicely to a very quick ramp. So what we do see is continued global demand, I mentioned earlier, we're expecting something in the mid-20s CAGR there as a result of not just more content in the higher end cars, but in China as well with the lower end.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And on the use of cash, I know you mentioned, delivering was the top priority, is there any update to that 2x net leverage that you talked about by end of 2018 does that get pulled in now? Thanks.
Bernard Gutmann: It is very likely will be pulled in, yes.
Vijay Rakesh: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy from Stifel. Your line is open.
Kevin Cassidy: Thank you. Going back to pricing question or comments, if you are seeing better pricing than expected and your estimated or your target for 40% gross margin, I guess what and when you are targeting 40% gross margin what where you are assumptions for pricing declines year-over-year?
Keith Jackson: We usually build, in our specific model area we used a 6% decline in ASPs to be offset with cost reductions to get to the 40% gross margin.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. So we would just say you're cracking ahead of it and with, and it seems last few quarters you've been saying price pressure is lessening?
Keith Jackson: Price pressure is lessening and we would be doing better than our model if this continues.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Rolland from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Chris Rolland: Hey guys really nice execution, nice to see it all come together. So exiting the mobile image sensor business during the quarter will impact there and impact for next quarter as well? And then finally are there other businesses that you guys see that don't meet that gross margin profile?
Bernard Gutmann: So, the revenue was approximately 1% of our total. And we continually look at opportunities and we articulated that in our Analyst Day that we are accounting on about 40 bps coming from exiting business and we'll continually look at divesting from non-strategic underperforming businesses.
Chris Rolland: Great. Thanks Bernard. And you guys also talked about the integration of Fairchild's back-end, what's the timing there and the impact and then Keith you mentioned plenty of work capacity online to alleviate lead times, where does that capacity come from, I assuming that you are talking about front-end there?
Keith Jackson: No, actually there is more back-end than front-end, and that also plays into the in-sourcing piece of the equation. So more of our capital go towards back-end equipment in the second half of this year. And the Fairchild in-sourcing fees really doesn't kick-in until all of our qualifications are done and that will be late in this year.
Chris Rolland: I see. Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Stephens. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Hey guys, congratulations on solid execution, Keith or Bernard, I was curious about your views on the auto market, generally speaking you're guiding better than normal, but you mentioned there were parts of it that are temporarily soft, I was curious of these are end geographies or end-markets that are softer than normal. And I was also curious about your views on content growth versus this whole kind of negative saw that all investors are talking about? And I've follow-up.
Keith Jackson: Yes. The softness was really geographic-based and specifically North American-based, we in our look think there is a 6% or more CAGR on content growth with no [SAR] [ph] growth and that's the way we use in our models.
Harsh Kumar: Understood. And then, do you think with the trends you are seeing and the benefits from execution and all the other things you guys are doing on cost side, that 40% gross margins are achievable before 2020, at this point in time? And then, you mentioned that we are on the flat side of the pricing curve in the marketplace? And you also mentioned subsequent to another answer that you are building in less than 6% decline, I was curious if you are billing in flat by any chance in your model at this point?
Keith Jackson: We really haven't changed our model. We are experiencing better performance, but we haven't changed that model what I will say is, we are -- because of that certainly ahead of our curve toward the 40% and certainly that is a possibility that it could be brought in from 2020.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Shawn Harrison: Good morning, guys on the results. Two questions, if I may. Just the mobile devices business, is there any different dynamic or the seasonality this year potentially because of the adapted charging dynamics on broader adoption that would mitigate some of the pressure Fairchild, do you foresee at the end of the year? And then, second, on 180 million of synergies targeted for this year, what do we add to-date through the first six months?
Keith Jackson: On the mobile business, we are actually seeing a favorable condition for the third quarter, we are expecting the China-based handsets to increase over the second quarter as well as preparation for new launches from the non-China based areas. So, seasonality actually normally should have been even for Fairchild up in the third quarter, when they launched those new models and it will continue being so this year.
Bernard Gutmann: On the Fairchild synergies, we are ahead of the plan. We have yet to complete the backend integration that ERP final steps schedule to happen in the fourth quarter, which we will see some incremental back office savings, and then, most of the -- the rest will be coming from the COGS manufacturing line in 2018.
Shawn Harrison: Keith. This is a follow-up on that seasonality, I made more fourth quarter typically Fairchild, it could be up or it could be down for that business, didn't know you maybe…
Keith Jackson: Yes. Fourth quarter, it tends to soften this year again based on specific phone launches there might not be as much softening.
Shawn Harrison: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good morning, guys, and solid job on the quarter, the execution. Within the Industrial segment, you guys have talked about military aerospace related program suction, given the focus on defense-related spending, what do you guys seeing either at design-win pipeline or sort of near to mid-term revenue contribution. Can you just remind us the margins for defense and aerospace, are they higher than corporate gross margins?
Keith Jackson: Yes. The margins are higher and we have seen a strengthening in that business overall. And design-win pipeline is as active as it's ever been.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vinayak Rao: Hi. This is Vinayak calling in for Craig. I just have a follow-up on the mobile side of things. You guys touched upon the content with opportunity you are seeing in mobile, can you just elaborate on what are the key applications driving that content growth?
Keith Jackson: The move to fast charging move to USB Type C, probably the largest dollar content contributors.
Vinayak Rao: Got it. And just a follow-up on that, the move up to USB Type C, can talk about the competitive profile there and how are you differentiating in that market and finally, like what end market likes -- what product segments within USB Type C are using the most traction?
Keith Jackson: So, really it's about efficiency and bandwidth when you are talking about the USB marketplace and so you do differentiate basically on device performance. We participate in end-to-end, so we have the whole solution and that gets adopted by various customers in various ways.
Vinayak Rao: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions, congratulations on the solid results. But, first question just had to do with the full year free cash flow guidance, even if I adjust for the one-time licensing gain in the first half and sort of higher CapEx in the second half, it looks like on an organic basis, you kind of guiding to flat half-on-half free cash flow despite revenue growth and better profitability in the second half. Or are there big one-time issues and I know that free cash flow can have some timing issues that hit in the back half of the year or do I just chalk this up to you being kind of conservative?
Bernard Gutmann: Probably a little bit more of the second. We do have -- to be the bonuses that we accrued for in the first half, so you have a little bit of working capital leakage in the second half, but other than it's -- and as you mentioned also CapEx is definitely going to pick up substantially other than that nothing more, no other one times.
John Pitzer: Perfect. And then, guys you sort of gave the revenue impact from getting out of the mobile image sensing business, what was the margin impact, how do I think about the margin of that business and I know it was asked earlier but Keith can you help size kind of other revenue pruning you might do in kind of -- the timing of that or how we should think about that versus long-term sort of gross margin and op margin model?
Keith Jackson: So, the second part of your question there, Bernard indicated earlier, we had 40 bps in our model of improvement due to getting out of such businesses. There are three or four of them actively being discussed right now. And the timing frankly will be whatever we could do from a closing perspective. So, we are quite active in that area. But, really can't do a prediction based on the timing that customers take.
Bernard Gutmann: On the margin contribution for the mobile image sensor was -- it was very, very low.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's Q&A session. And I'd now like to turn the call back over to Parag Agarwal for closing remarks.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences. Good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp. Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp. Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.
Analysts: Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc. Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC John J. Donnelly - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to introduce to your host for today's conference, Parag Agarwal, VP of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's first-quarter 2017 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO, and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast, along with our earnings release for the first quarter of 2017 will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The script for today's call and additional information related to our end-markets, business segments, geographies and channels are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors, which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our Forms 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the first quarter of 2017. Our estimates may change and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors, except as required by the law. For all synergy-related discussion on this call, we have used Fairchild's 2015 results as a base for all comparisons. During the second quarter, we will be attending the Deutsche Bank AutoTech Conference in San Francisco on May 11, JPMorgan Technology Conference in Boston on May 24 and Bank of America Merrill Lynch Technology Conference in San Francisco on June 7. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of the first-quarter 2017 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Our execution momentum remains strong and we once again delivered solid financial results, which exceeded our guidance and street consensus for all key metrics. Visibility into our business continues to strengthen, driven by strong demand for products in the automotive, industrial and communications end-markets. At the same time, we're making strong progress in integration of Fairchild and we remain on track to deliver the higher-targeted synergies from our acquisition of Fairchild as communicated during our recent Analyst Day. Our margin performance remained strong in the first quarter and we delivered operating leverage driven by strong performance on operations front. Our free cash flow more than tripled year-over-year during the first quarter. Furthermore, to reduce our cash outlay for interest expenses, we re-priced our term loan B debt at lower interest rate and issued new convertible notes. Before I discuss additional details regarding our first-quarter 2017 results, let me highlight a change to revenue recognition – related to revenue recognition. As we announced in our press release on April 4, starting from the first quarter of 2017, ON Semiconductor will recognize revenue from distributors using the sell-in method. As you are aware, prior to transitioning to the sell-in method, ON Semiconductor used the sell-through method to recognize revenue from distributors. As a result of the change, the company experienced a one-time benefit in various line items in its consolidated financial statements. To provide transparency and clarity in our financial results, we have provided quantitative impact to various line items associated with this change. Furthermore, in discussion of our non-GAAP results for the first quarter of 2017, we have excluded the benefit from this change and that benefit will not repeat. Our guidance for the second quarter of 2017 is not impacted by this change. Now, let me provide you additional details on our first-quarter 2017 results. Total revenue for the first quarter of 2017 was approximately $1.437 billion, an increase of approximately 76% year-over-year and 14% quarter-over-quarter. First-quarter 2017 non-GAAP revenue, which excludes the one-time benefit of approximately $155 million from the change in revenue recognitions for distributors, was approximately $1.28 billion. Our first-quarter non-GAAP revenue grew by approximately 57% year-over-year and approximately 2% quarter-over-quarter. GAAP net income for the first quarter was approximately $0.18 per diluted share. GAAP income, before income tax, for the first quarter was approximately $115 million as compared to $18.2 million in the fourth quarter. Non-GAAP income, before income tax, for the first quarter was approximately $133 million. Net cash paid for taxes in the first quarter was approximately $18.4 million and diluted shares outstanding were approximately 426 million. Non-GAAP income, before income tax, for the fourth quarter was approximately $132 million. Net cash paid for taxes in the fourth quarter was approximately $8 million and diluted shares outstanding were approximately 427 million. GAAP gross margin for the first quarter was 35% as compared to 30.5% for the fourth quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin for the first quarter was 35.4% as compared to 35.2% in the fourth quarter. Better-than-expected non-GAAP gross margin in the first quarter was driven by strong operational execution and higher-than-expected revenue. GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2017 was approximately 12.8% as compared to approximately 4.4% in the prior quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter was 13.2% as compared to 12.9% for the fourth quarter. GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were approximately $320 million as compared to approximately $329 million for the fourth quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were approximately $285 million as compared to approximately $281 million in the fourth quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were at the higher-end of our guidance due to higher revenue, accruals for variable compensation resulting from significantly better results and investments in ADAS-related strategic growth initiatives such as automotive radar and advanced image sensors. We had strong free cash flow performance in the first quarter. We define free cash flow as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures. First quarter free cash flow was approximately $156 million as compared to approximately $179 million in the fourth quarter. On a year-over-year basis, our free cash flow more than tripled in the first quarter. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was approximately $209 million and capital expenditures were approximately $53 million. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was approximately $229 million and capital expenditures were approximately $50 million. We exited the first quarter of 2017 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $729 million as compared to approximately $1.028 billion in the fourth quarter. During the first quarter, we re-priced our term loan B to reduce the interest rate to LIBOR plus 225 bps from LIBOR plus 325 bps. We also issued $575 million of convertible senior notes due in 2023. These notes bear a coupon of 1.625% and are convertible into 48.2567 shares of ON Semiconductor's common stock per $1,000 principal amounts of the notes at maturity or under certain conditions. To avoid potential dilution in our equity upon conversion of these notes, we entered into a note hedge and warrant transaction with the initial purchasers of these convertible notes. These transactions effectively raise the strike price for conversion of the convertible notes to $30.70 per share from $20.72 per share. We used the net proceeds from the issuance of the convertible notes to pay down our higher interest rate debt. In the first quarter, we used approximately $445 million to redeem all of the outstanding 2.625% convertible senior subordinated notes due 2026, series B. At the end of the first quarter of 2017, days of inventory on hand, adjusted for fair market value step-up, were 111 days, down 2 days as compared to inventory days at the end of the fourth quarter. For the first quarter of 2017, our lead times were approximately flat quarter-over-quarter. Our global factory utilization for the first quarter was slightly up sequentially. Now, let me provide you an update on the performance of our business units, starting with the Power Solutions Group or PSG. GAAP Revenue for PSG was approximately $744 million and non-GAAP revenue was approximately $636 million. GAAP revenue for our Analog Solutions Group for the first quarter of 2017 was approximately $504 million and non-GAAP revenue was approximately $462 million. GAAP revenue for the Image Sensor Group was approximately $189 million and non-GAAP revenue was approximately $184 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thanks, Bernard. I am very pleased with our strong execution. Our results clearly demonstrate the progress that we have made in transforming ON into a highly diversified and broad-based supplier of power, analog and sensor solutions for automotive, industrial and communications end-markets. As we highlighted in our recent Analyst Day, ON Semiconductor has now established itself as a leader in the power semiconductor market. The company is now a provider of key enabling technologies for automotive, industrial and communications end-markets and our results are indicative of our strong momentum in key markets. We continue to expand our margins and generate strong free cash flow. We are making strong progress in integration of Fairchild and we are tracking significantly ahead of our planned synergy targets. We are on track to begin realizing manufacturing synergies from Fairchild towards the end of the year as we start insourcing Fairchild's backend operations. Recall that at our Analyst Day, we raised our synergy targets for Fairchild. We now expect to exit 2017 with annual synergies run rate of $180 million as compared to our prior target of $160 million. We raised annualized synergies run rate exiting 2018 to $220 million from $200 million. Total annual synergies from Fairchild are now expected to be $245 million, up from $225 million. We expect to achieve annual synergies run rate of $245 million by end of 2019. Performance of Fairchild continues to be strong. We had another record bookings quarter for Fairchild. During the first quarter, booking for Fairchild were at the highest level for the last three years. We continue to see high level of customer interest in Fairchild products and our design win pipeline for Fairchild products continue to expand at a rapid pace. We expect to see strong growth in revenue contribution from Fairchild in the mid-term. Now, let me now comment on the business trends in the first quarter. During the first quarter, demand trends and bookings were strong across most end-markets and geographies. While there has been discussion in the investment community regarding peaking of the semiconductor cycle, commentary from customers, coupled with our bookings trends points to sustained improvements in demand environment for most end-markets. At this time, as opposed to demand, potential supply tightness arising out of improving demand environment is among the top concerns of our customers. Also, there have been a few negative data points regarding health of the automotive market. However, our bookings point to near-term seasonal trends on the back of a very strong first quarter. I must also point out that our automotive revenue base is highly diversified in terms of geographies, customers and applications and, therefore, temporary softness in a particular geography or application is not likely to have a material impact on our automotive business. Based on comments from the global auto OEMs and other market participants, we believe that global automotive units should grow by low-single-digit percentage rates in 2017. Now, I'll provide details of the progress in our various end-markets for the first quarter of 2017. GAAP revenue for the automotive market in the first quarter was approximately $439 million. On a non-GAAP basis, the automotive end-market contributed revenue of approximately $405 million and represented approximately 32% of our non-GAAP revenue in the first quarter. First-quarter automotive non-GAAP revenue grew by approximately 28% year-over-year and approximately 10% quarter-over-quarter. As I indicated earlier, our automotive business remains strong, driven by leadership in fast-growing applications such as ADAS and exposure to highly diversified customer base across the globe. Our momentum in the automotive market for ADAS and viewing applications continues to accelerate. For the first quarter, image sensor revenue related to ADAS and viewing applications grew at an impressive high-teen percentage rate quarter-over-quarter. Our design win pipeline continues to grow for ADAS and active safety applications as we expect robust growth in our ADAS-related revenue to continue. As Bernard indicated in his prepared remarks, we are making investments in ADAS to further accelerate our growth in this market. Other growth drivers for automotive applications include LED lighting, power management, power discretes, body electronics, in-vehicle networking solutions and powertrain ASICs. Our design win pipeline for automotive applications, such as ultrasonic sensors and power management, continues to grow and we are engaged with the leading global OEMs and Tier 1 integrators on numerous projects for upcoming platforms. Revenue in the second quarter for the automotive end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter compared to non-GAAP automotive revenue in the first quarter. The industrial end-market, which includes military, aerospace and medical, contributed revenue of approximately $355 million in the first quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, the industrial end-market contributed revenue of approximately $320 million and represented approximately 25% of our non-GAAP revenue in the first quarter. First-quarter industrial non-GAAP revenue grew by approximately 64% year-over-year and approximately 6% quarter-over-quarter. Strength in the industrial end-market was broad-based across products and geographies. We all well positioned to benefit from growth in machine vision and industrial automation applications with our CMOS and CCD image sensors. Our PYTHON line of CMOS image sensors for machine vision applications continues to grow at an impressive rate. We have been repurposing products from our consumer end-market for industrial applications, which drive higher margins and long-term sustainable revenues. In the industrial end-market, we have seen strong traction for our power modules, which were originally designed for consumer applications. We expect to see growth in 2017 for our defense-related revenue as depleted military stocks are being replenished. Revenue in the second quarter for the industrial end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter compared to non-GAAP industrial revenue in the first quarter. The communications end-market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed GAAP revenue of approximately $282 million in the first quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, the communications end-market contributed revenue of approximately $243 million and represented approximately 19% of our non-GAAP revenue in the first quarter. First-quarter communications non-GAAP revenue grew by approximately 75% year-over-year and declined by approximately 14% quarter-over-quarter due to seasonality and softness in the Chinese handset market. We believe that much of the softness in the Chinese handset market is largely behind us and we expect growth to resume in the second quarter. Our content in major global platforms continues to increase and we are well positioned to benefit from impending ramps of new platforms. Revenue in the second quarter for communications end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter compared to non-GAAP communications revenue in the first quarter. The computing end-market contributed GAAP revenue of approximately $156 million in the first quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, the computing end-market contributed revenue of approximately $130 million and represented approximately 10% of our non-GAAP revenue in the first quarter. First-quarter computing non-GAAP revenue grew by approximately 70% year-over-year and by approximately 1% quarter-over-quarter. With products from Fairchild, we have won designs for power stage for cloud computing and server applications with addressable content of more than $30 and we expect revenue from these wins to start ramping in the near to mid-term. Revenue in the second quarter for computing end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter compared to non-GAAP computing revenue in the first quarter. The consumer end-market contributed GAAP revenue of approximately $204 million in the first quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, the consumer end-market contributed revenue of approximately $184 million and represented approximately 14% of our non-GAAP revenue in the first quarter. First-quarter consumer non-GAAP revenue approximately doubled year-over-year and grew by approximately 1% quarter-over-quarter. The greater-than-seasonal strength in the first quarter was primarily driven by white goods. Revenue in the second quarter for consumer end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter compared to non-GAAP consumer revenue in the first quarter. In summary, our execution momentum remains intact and we continue to deliver solid results. Our margins continue to expand and our free cash flow generation is accelerating at a rapid pace. Though there have been significant investor consternation related to reports of slowdown in certain end-markets and potential peaking of the semiconductor cycle, our bookings trends and commentary from customers point towards an overall improving global demand environment. Now, I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Keith. Before I get into the details of our guidance for second quarter of 2017, let me remind you that the change in revenue recognition for distributors has no impact on our second quarter guidance. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $1.285 billion to $1.335 billion in the second quarter of 2017. Backlog levels for the second quarter of 2017 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated second-quarter revenue. For the second quarter of 2017, we expect GAAP gross margin in the range of 34.5% and 36.4% and on a non-GAAP gross margin, ranges approximately 34.7% to 36.7%. Factory utilization in the second quarter is likely to be up sequentially. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $311 million to $332 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other changes, which are expected to be approximately $30 million to $37 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $281 million to $295 million. We anticipate second-quarter the net other income and expenses, including interest expense, will be approximately $35 million to $38 million, which include non-cash interest expense of approximately $8 million to $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expenses, including interest expense, will be approximately $27 million to $29 million. Cash paid for income taxes in the second quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately $12 million to $16 million. We expect full-year 2017 cash paid for income taxes to be approximately 10% of 2017 non-GAAP pre-tax income. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $75 million to $85 million in the second quarter of 2017. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $20 million to $22 million in the second quarter of 2017; of which, approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the second quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately 427 million shares based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our Quarterly and Annual Reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Michelle, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, guys, for letting me ask a question. Keith, one question for you and it's about the cycle topic that you addressed in the automotive side and then overall in the semiconductor cycle. When you mentioned that shortages are a bigger concern for your customers, people oftentimes hear that and think double ordering is a pending risk. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing on either lead times, ASPs, any other indicators that make you feel comfortable that peaking (25:56) is not really the consideration that we should be focused on?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. A couple of comments there. Lead times are really not stretching quickly as they normally do when you get into a double order situation. ASPs are also not accelerating at the same kind of paces, although they are starting to stabilize and as we mentioned, lead times are pretty steady. So, that combination kind of indicates to us there's not quite double ordering. Also, as we look at the quality of the backlog, we do see significant growth in the backlog toward the summer time for all of the ramps in the communications industry and we see appropriate orders lead time wise for industrial and automotive. So, at this stage, it just looks like a good demand environment and not something where any type of panic has started.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for that. And then, I guess, my follow-up one for you, Bernard. I know that revenues came in at the high-end of the range and so OpEx being towards the higher-end of the range makes sense there, but it was a little higher than I expected in both the quarter and the guide. Can you just talk about the trajectory for OpEx for the rest of the year and how do we view the synergies that you're going to get from Fairchild on the OpEx line specifically going forward?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Ross. So, as we mentioned, the variable comp definitely was higher than expected, because the results were better. We also mentioned that we made some investments in ADAS and radar. In general, we expect OpEx as a percent of revenue to subside in the second half of the quarter, getting closer to our target model. The synergies will continue coming in and we expect those to come in more towards the end of the year as we finalize the integration of our ERP systems for Fairchild.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citigroup. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Just another question on the end-markets. Can you just talk about the linearity of bookings by end-markets and how they changed throughout the quarter? Did every single one grow? Was there any change particularly in the automotive end-market in terms of bookings?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. We did not see anything that was outside of seasonal in each of the markets. And so, there's really nothing to comment on.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. And then, for my next question, sounds like you guys are taking advantage of the cash flow from the balance sheet. Bernard, maybe talk about with the increased cash flow going forward. Should we expect any further changes or what you'd like to do next to the balance sheet?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: As we have mentioned in the past, our target is to pay down the debt in the short term. We intend to get to about 2 times net leverage. So, any excess free cash flow that we generate will be used to pay down the debt.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Is there anything else callable in the next six months?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: No, but the term loan that we have is pre-payable at any time.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Could you quantify the utilization rates that you expect in Q2 and also if you could provide perhaps an initial outlook in terms of what you're seeing for Q3 in terms of order trends?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, for utilization, we are in the middle-80%s in the first quarter and we expect Q2 to be slightly higher than that.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: And Q3 orders, we're certainly looking at the handset market to be up more this year than it was last year in the same timeframe with two major guys ramping new platforms. So, it's definitely stronger than we saw last year.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question and good job on the execution. For my first question, maybe, Keith, back to this automotive business and the cycle question, if you look at prior cycles, how much of an early warning do you think the industry had when the cycle started to slow and why would it be different this time? I think you mentioned diversification and obviously, there is a secular content growth argument for automotive semis, but is there anything different now that gives you better visibility than you have had in the past if the cycle does start to turn?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: I think the cycles' turning shows up in order patterns. There is traditionally good order placement by our automotive customers. They place more than they have to based on lead times. So, I would say we get something like a five to six-month warning if things are going to change. The primary difference this cycle versus any of them in the past is just the rapid adoption of advanced safety mechanisms, which use a lot of semiconductors. And so, as we mentioned in our Analyst Day, even with no growth at all in the SAAR, you can be expecting something in the mid to high-single digits growth for automotive revenues.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And as my follow-up, a question on the stock and this is a very frequent question from investors, your stock continues to trade at a low multiple, around 11 times forward even though semi have reiterated (32:01) to 18 to 20 times, including your close comp, Infineon, what do you think can help expand ON to be multiple? Is it better gross margin? Is it more consistent top-line growth, debt reduction? What do you think people are missing and what can help to close this very large gap? Thank you.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, we believe that focus on free cash flow is going to be a significant bolster to the stock and also there is significant indebtedness that, as we pay that down, gives you additional leverage. So, those two factors should be very significant in increasing that multiple.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: One last quick one as a clarification. Maybe, Bernard, when I look at the Q2 outlook, it is above expectation, but I think it's about 2% to 3% sequential growth, somewhat different than what we have seen in the past? If you could just help us put that in the context of seasonality. Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, in general terms, we did have a very strong first quarter. So, on the heels of that first quarter, maybe the numbers are a little bit lighter than a normal seasonality. And, I'd say, we have a little bit of conservatism in our approach. Seasonality with Fairchild, I don't think it's changing too much, except it makes Q4 a little bit more pronounced on the down, since Fairchild was typically seasonally first more down, offset by the little bit better Q1, but Q2 and Q3 should not be too different.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Good morning. Thanks very much for taking the questions. First question is on the handset market. Keith, you talked about you've seen a little bit of weakness in the handset market in the first quarter. I think you'd originally been looking for seasonal or even better than seasonal in the first quarter. So, any more color on what gives you the confidence that's starting to turn? And then, as you think about the handset market for later this year, if you could help us think about how much content is increasing on a net basis maybe year-over-year, I'd be interested in any sort of color on the content gain, would be interesting, too.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. So, seasonally, we dug pretty deep, talked with our customers. Clearly, in China, there was some supply chain tightening that some of our customers were employing is down a little more than seasonal. But as we look at the uptake here in Q2 and their expectations they've set with us, we're expecting a significant growth back to a more normal second half of the year. Secondly, as far as content; content, there are two different ways. One way of looking that is just exposure geographically. About half of our sales go into China and the other half are to the major OEMs that are not in China. You're seeing some very strong ramps. And so, we've gotten better content in all of the ramps there. So, I think you're looking at 20% to 30% more content in each of those. And then, hopefully, with the specific exposure on the ramps, you should see very significant growth in the second half for handsets.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And then the follow-up question was on auto. You talked about the strength you're seeing in growth in ADAS applications. Maybe you can help us understand just of your auto revenue, how much, at this point, is tied to ADAS?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Well, total safety is about a quarter. ADAS, specifically, I don't know that I've got those figures.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Perhaps, you guys can talk about new Aptina capacity, both front-end and back-end. I think, SNIC (36:11) was putting some more online from you – for you guys. Is that up and running now? And if not, where are we with capacity? What kind of utilization do we have for Aptina specifically?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We're in a very good situation with capacity for image sensing business, running less than 70% full globally on a overall basis.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Great. And perhaps, in your commentary, you talked about repurposing some products from consumer and moving them to industrial? I'm wondering what products you were talking about there and what kind of margin improvements we might see from those kind of actions?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. So, those are basically the power modules that were going into white goods. They provide a variable speed motor control capabilities and basically with slightly different current and voltage targets, you can use them for industrial modules. And the margins go up somewhere around 150 basis points to 300 basis points, very significant change.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Stephens. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. First of all, congratulations on strong commentary. Bernard and Keith, quick question for you. Almost every end-market that you participate and then 2Q is going to grow. I was wondering if you could rank order or give us some color on how you feel about the different end-markets in terms of growth prospects just near term, mid-term, any color would be helpful. And then, I got another follow-up.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, in the near term, in general terms, all of them are going to grow and obviously, our guidance is in that 2% to 3% range, though it's not a huge amount. So, pretty much all of them are about the same pace, not anything spectacular on one end-market. Remember, we're coming off of a very strong Q1. In the longer term, we have – as we talked in the Analyst Day, the area of focus is the same, is industrial, automotive and smartphones.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: And I would expect a significant wireless growth Q3 and Q4.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: In Q3 and Q4.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. Understood. And then, as a follow-up, you're doing better on Fairchild on every metric in terms of synergies. I was wondering if you could give us an idea of what you feel at this time about the timing of cross-sells, if there's any change that you want to communicate at this time.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Harsh, can you repeat that please?
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah. Cross-sells from Fairchild.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: I see.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Cross-selling, that has been going on since day one. I think you've heard us set now two records since we've owned them. Not records just because they've added on, but records in their bookings levels going back in their history as a standalone company. So, we're actually getting a lot of pull already.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question and nice job on the execution. Keith, just going back to some of the commentary on the pricing environment, we've got a much more consolidated industry than we have at any time in the past when there's been good growth. So, my question is, to what extent do you think there's potential for more structural improvement in pricing? And if that were to occur, what would be the signs that it is in fact playing out?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Well, there's two, I guess, main factors that go into that. One is perception, if you will, of availability. We've been watching that carefully with capital expenditures, which have been, I think, in good control for several years. So, I'm expecting that to contribute to some stabilization on the pricing side. And I guess, the second thing to look at is part of the cycle. Certainly, we've indicated we're seeing continued growth there. That hasn't reached any type of double ordering levels yet, but that would certainly be a sign that you're going to see pricing movement. And then, lastly, just in consolidation of the industry, I think it's still a lot of consolidation to go before that would have a meaningful impact.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, Bernard, just following up on some of the expense commentary. To what extent are the ADAS investments more of a structural impact to R&D intensity or are they more temporal where we would see a step-down in OpEx at some future quarter? And can you break out the magnitude of the impact to expenses ADAS versus the performance base accrual for the first quarter? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, in general terms, we're not changing our long-term target for OpEx. It's in our model. We have stated 21%. This is more repurposing some expenses. And as we said, we're going to get some synergies that will help reduce the number. So, in general terms, I don't expect a structural change. This is in the low-single digit in terms of impact by quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hi. Thanks, guys. Great execution here. Just a couple of questions back on the automotive side. Keith and Bernard, so if you look at autos, I was wondering what the book-to-bill was and also how channel inventories looked in the different geographies.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, we don't give book-to-bills out, but it was certainly greater than 1, which is why we predict continued increase sequentially. Relative to inventories from a component perspective, we think they are in very good shape. From an in-car perspective, I know you've read all the reports we have, which says North America is slightly elevated, but we're in reasonable shape elsewhere.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Great. And just on the EV/HEV side, I know you guys with Fairchild got some exposure there. What percent of your automotive is exposed to EV/HEV and if you can give us some growth expectations there as you look at this year, next year?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. It's very small right now. We're looking at adding up to $300 a car on the EV basis, but those ramps won't be occurring till late of 2018 or 2019.
Vijay Raghavan Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. Congrats on the results. Two questions, if I may. Sorry, if I missed this, but was there an update to the free cash flow expectation for the year? It looks like if you continue this run rate, you'll be well above $600 million. And then, second, just on maybe beating the double ordering concern into the ground, are you seeing any increased order activity because of lead times of, let's say, competitive products? For example, let's take MOSFETs, are way up at some of your peers. And so, are you seeing distribution add more inventory, maybe when they don't need to of your product?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, on the free cash flow, we haven't said anything, but we expect to still be in that $500 million to $600 million, maybe moving a little bit closer to the higher-end. We did have a fairly low amount of CapEx and that some of it is timing. It's a little bit lumpy. So, we expect some of that to catch up, but we're definitely still targeting to be in that $500 million to $600 million range.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: On the distribution, double ordering, again, we really have not seen a lot of that. Our inventories there and our order patterns are still well within our models.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rajvindra Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you and congratulations on solid execution. Question on the Advanced Driver Assistance Systems and the transition to advanced safety. Can you talk about your view of the number of camera sensors or radar sensors or LiDAR sensors that you expect happen over the next several years and how you're positioned competitively to benefit on that trend as you're clearly seeing it on your numbers today?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, we believe on the ADAS side, we've been winning about 70% of the new model platforms, which bodes very well for growth going forward. It's really the number of cameras varies as you would guess dramatically model-to-model and country-to-country. But in all cases, you're looking at something that's going to be in the five to eight range – moving from five to eight over the next couple of years. So, overall we're saying that that has about a 20%-plus CAGR attached to that.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Now, within your auto business, would you say that the sensor business is growing the fastest or how would you rank in terms of LED lighting or power management modules?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. So, I would say the ADAS would be the fastest growing, the LED lighting following that and then the various power applications being in third place.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: And last question on the USB-C ramp. That clearly is happening. Can you also talk about the competitive landscape there and do you see potential future competitors as USB-C interface starts to get more pervasive? And are there other end-markets outside of smartphones that you're seeing growth, such as fast chargers or other things?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. You see USB-C growth in the entire infrastructure on the handset side and shortly on the notebook side. The competitive landscape there is fairly well established and I wouldn't expect surprises going forward.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning and nice job on the continued great execution here. On your server-based and cloud-based platforms, I think you guys mentioned on the call, you see some tailwinds in the second half. That's a $30 in content. I think you guys mentioned could be as high as maybe $50 at Analyst Day. Is that being driven by the Purley, Skylake ramp in the second half? And can you help us understand the design win momentum? Is that more Fairchild-driven or your core business or a combination of both?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, the cloud computing really came from Fairchild. And Purley certainly will advance that cause there and it really amounts to how fast these specific wins, the specific customers will be coming on, but all of that, we expect to see good strength with Purley.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks for the insights there. And then, with the move to sell-in rev rec at disti, obviously, inventories will be sort of a key focus metric here. So, I think disti inventories for you guys were 10 to 11 weeks, I think, in the December quarter. That's below your target. Where were they in the March quarter? What's your expectation for the June quarter? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, in general terms, we think a good level of inventory is 11 to 13 weeks. And we have been operating – as you said, in the fourth quarter, we're at the lower end of that and we have operating within that range for the last few quarters.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: And there was not a significant change in Q1.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John J. Donnelly - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. This is John Donnelly on for Kevin. What drove the better white goods demand in the quarter? And was there any particular geography that was better than expected?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It's really all China and we had a couple of major customers there both which had depleted their inventories and needed to replenish.
John J. Donnelly - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And then, for the growth in ADAS, could you maybe break down a little bit how much of that is due to an increase in the number of vehicles adopting the system versus increase in the average number of sensors per vehicle?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Well, they're both going to yield the same results and we don't have any studies that give me a weighting on either of those.
John J. Donnelly - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: All right. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Question on the industrial market. Can you just talk about kind of the trends you're seeing through the distribution market and as well as just kind of key growth drivers for you in industrial this year?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, key growth drivers really are the power portion of industrial plus some of the new communication standards for wireless that you have in building automation and factory automation. We're seeing good growth there. The Fairchild acquisition did help us with some pull-through or cross-sell as was talked about earlier there with the ON products. So, in general, we're looking for our power business and our communications businesses to benefit.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks. And then, just a follow-up on the commentary about increased handset content. Can you provide some color there in terms of maybe some key applications that should help you drive the content higher into the back half?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, a couple of – I think, first order of magnitude, rapid charging adds dollar content and that's being adopted more quickly here in the second half. And then, the rest of it is just next generation of all the things we've been participating in.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Congratulations on the solid results. Keith, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the Fairchild portfolio. Your Fairchild outgrew peers by about 400 basis points in the December quarter. You didn't give us a revenue number for Q1, but if you kind of back in to your bookings comment, it looks like they probably outgrew peers by a similar amount in Q1. And typically, as you know, Fairchild tends to outgrow early in the cycle, but that doesn't always seem to be sustainable. So, I guess, from your estimation, what's different about their portfolio or as being a part of ON that this outperformance can continue?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, I think there's two things here, John. One is they had some new technologies on the power side that actually we're ramping. So, the design wins were won in the second half of last year and they're ramping now and that's a nice tailwind for us. But secondly, just part of the ON sales network and our distribution network, I think, has had a positive pull-through based on ON (52:24) service levels, et cetera. That's gotten us an extra kicker (52:27).
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. And then, Bernard, can you help us understand kind of the incremental margin leverage from here? I think you implied in your 2020 target of $2 of earnings power is somewhere around a 40% incremental op margin. You came in about 34% this quarter, which was well ahead of what we've seen for, I think, like six or seven quarters, but still not up to that 40% level. So, how do we think about incremental drop-through from here?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, it is basically the same as we communicated in the Analyst Day. We have about a 50% fall-through on incremental revenue. We have also the impact of mix shift and Keith mentioned some of it as we move stuff out of consumer into industrial. We do have also the Fairchild synergies that are a significant incremental component and as we also talked, some additional manufacturing footprint consolidations. So, it is basically the same as we communicated in the Analyst Day.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions. And I'd like to turn the conference back over to Parag Agarwal for any further remarks.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences during the quarter. Good-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-13 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp. Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp. Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.
Analysts: Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James Financial, Inc. Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc. Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder to our audience, this conference may be recorded. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's fourth quarter 2016 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay of this broadcast, along with our earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2016, will be available on our website approximately one hour following this conference call, and the recorded broadcast will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call. The scripts for today's call and additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies and channels are also posted on our website. Our earnings release for this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the projections. Important factors, which can affect our business, include factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Business including factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements are described in Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2016. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors, except as required by law. As indicated in our prior earnings release call, due to new and revised compliance and disclosure interpretations of the use of non-GAAP financial metrics by U.S.-listed companies by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the company has revised its practice with respect to guidance and the use of non-GAAP measures. Please see the earnings release for additional information. We will be holding our 2017 Analyst Day on March 10 in Phoenix, Arizona. If you haven't received an invitation to the event, please request an invitation through the Investor Relations section of our website or contact us. For all synergy-related discussion on this call, we have used Fairchild's 2015 results as a base for all comparisons. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of the fourth quarter 2016 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We handedly (03:45) exceeded our revenue and margin guidance for the fourth quarter of 2016 and posted strong free cash flow performance. Accelerated progress on Fairchild integration, improving demand environment and solid execution of our organic business were the key drivers of better-than-expected results. Now, let me provide you additional details on our fourth quarter 2016 results. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2016 was approximately $1.261 billion, an increase of approximately 33% as compared to the third quarter of 2016. Fourth quarter revenue included a contribution of approximately $358 million from our acquisition of Fairchild Semiconductor, which closed on September 19, 2016. Revenue performance of our organic business and that of Fairchild was significantly better than normal seasonality. Our organic business, which excludes Fairchild, grew by approximately 7% year-over-year during the fourth quarter. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $0.26 per diluted share. GAAP income before income taxes for the fourth quarter was approximately $18.2 million as compared to $87.3 million in the third quarter. Non-GAAP income before income tax for the fourth quarter was approximately $132 million. Net cash paid for taxes in the fourth quarter was approximately $8.2 million, and diluted shares outstanding were approximately 427 million. Non-GAAP income before tax for the third quarter was approximately $107 million. Net cash paid for taxes in the third quarter was approximately $6.5 million, and diluted shares outstanding were approximately 420 million. GAAP gross margin for the fourth quarter was 30.5% as compared to 34.6% for the third quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin for the fourth quarter was 35.2% as compared to 35.9% in the third quarter. Better-than-expected non-GAAP gross margin in the fourth quarter was driven by strong progress on Fairchild integration and higher-than-expected revenue. GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2016 was approximately 4.4% as compared to approximately 4.9% in the prior quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 12.9% flat as compared to the third quarter. GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were approximately $329 million as compared to approximately $282 million for the third quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were approximately $281 million as compared to approximately $218 million in the third quarter. Although, our revenue exceeded the higher end of the guidance, operating expenses were close to the midpoint of our guidance range. Again, solid progress on synergies from Fairchild and strong execution on our organic business were the reasons for strong operating expense performance. The sequential increase in operating expenses was driven primarily by the inclusion of the first full quarter of financial results for Fairchild in the fourth quarter and a higher variable compensation accrual resulting from improved operating performance. We had strong free cash flow performance in the fourth quarter. We define free cash flow as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures. Fourth quarter free cash flow was approximately $179 million as compared to approximately $97 million in the third quarter. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was approximately $229 million, and capital expenditure was approximately $50 million. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was approximately $133 million, and capital expenditures were approximately $36 million. We exited the fourth quarter of 2016 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $1.028 billion as compared to approximately $880 million in the third quarter. Subsequently, in January, we used approximately $445 million to redeem all of the outstanding 2.625% convertible senior subordinated notes due 2006 (sic) [2026], Series B. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2016, days of inventory on hand, adjusted for fair market value step-up, were 113 days, flat as compared to the third quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2016, distribution inventory days were approximately flat as compared to the third quarter. For the fourth quarter of 2016, our lead times were approximately flat quarter-over-quarter. Our global factory utilization in the fourth quarter was slightly up sequentially. Now, let me provide you an update on performance by our business units, starting with the Power Solutions Group or PSG. Revenue for PSG was approximately $620 million. Revenue for our Analog Solutions Group in the – for the fourth quarter of 2016 was approximately $469 million. Revenue for the Image Sensor Group was approximately $171 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thanks, Bernard. I'm very pleased with our results for the fourth quarter of 2016. For the first full quarter that includes results from Fairchild, we are off to a solid start. We exceeded our revenue guidance, and we posted strong free cash flow and margin performance. Our results for the fourth quarter provide clear evidence of strong execution on the integration of Fairchild, and the results also validate our strategic and financial rationale for the acquisition. At this point, we are tracking significantly ahead of our planned synergy target for Fairchild. The performance of Fairchild to-date has far exceeded our expectations, and we expect to see positive revenue synergies as a result of the combination of these two companies. We are very encouraged by the significantly above seasonal revenue performance by Fairchild in the fourth quarter, and current indications point towards continued strength in Fairchild's revenue in the near term. During the fourth quarter, bookings for Fairchild were at highest level when compared to bookings during the last three years. We are seeing significant cross-selling opportunities in various end markets, as we leverage customer relationships, sales reach and distribution network of the combined company to win designs. We continue to make strong progress in the integration of Fairchild, and we are tracking significantly ahead of our planned synergy targets. We are on track to begin in-sourcing of Fairchild's back-end operations by the end of the year. IT and systems integration is progressing well, and we expect to complete that part of the integration in the fourth quarter of the current year. We've achieved sizable synergies related to purchasing, planning and other related functions in the cost of goods sold. We continue to make significant progress on operating expense rationalization. And exiting the fourth quarter of 2016, we have been able to realize significant operating expense synergies. As I stated earlier, our solid progress in the integration of Fairchild is reflected in our results from the fourth quarter of 2016. We remain very comfortable with achieving our annual synergies run rate target of $160 million exiting 2017. As we have indicated in our previous announcements, this $160 million annual run rate target is based on Fairchild's results for full year 2015. While we are realizing synergies from Fairchild, we are keeping a tight control on cost structure of our organic business. We will provide further updates on the financial and strategic impact of the acquisition at our Analyst Day on March 10, 2017. Let me now comment on the business trends in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter, demand trends and bookings were generally healthy across most end markets and geographies. End market trends were generally in line with expectations. Recent commentary from customers points to an improving demand environment. I'm very optimistic about our prospects for 2017. Our business remain strong; and our momentum in our strategic markets, which include automotive, industrial and communications, continue to grow. Our design win pipeline continues to grow, driven by our innovative products in the automotive, industrial and communication markets. The examples of such products include power-integrated modules, USB Type-C, image sensors for ADAS and industrial markets, LED lighting for automotive market, server and cloud power management and other power management, analog and sensor products for our strategic end markets. Furthermore, our strong engagement with our distribution partners and a disruption in the distribution supply chain due to actions taken by certain of our competitors may provide us with additional revenue tailwind. I'm very excited about the cash flow potential of the new company. With synergies from Fairchild and strong execution and cost control, we are well positioned to drive meaningful growth in our free cash flow in the current year and following years. Now, let me provide details of the progress in our various end markets. With inclusion of Fairchild's results for a small part of the third quarter and for full fourth quarter, the normal quarter-over-quarter comparison that we have historically provided is not quite as meaningful for the fourth quarter. Therefore, I will limit my remarks to a qualitative summary and limited quantitative data. The automotive end market contributed revenue of approximately $378 million and represented approximately 30% of our revenue for the fourth quarter. We continue to see strong demand for our image sensors and integrated coprocessors for ADAS applications. Safety requirements driven by NCAP and star ratings are driving steep adoption of ADAS and a higher number of cameras in vehicles. We continue to grow our technology and market leadership in ADAS, and we are actively engaged with leading global automotive OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers on many ADAS-related programs. We're also seeing cascading of our park assist solutions down to mid-range vehicles from high-end vehicles. We continue to reinforce our leadership in automotive LED lighting, and adoption of our front and rear LED lighting driver solutions continue to accelerate globally. Revenue in the first quarter for the automotive end market is expected to be up over quarter-over-quarter. The industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace and medical, contributed revenue of approximately $278 million and represented approximately 22% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. In the machine vision market, we continue our momentum with our PYTHON line of image sensors, and we are seeing the strong demand for our power integrated modules in the solar market. We saw a noticeable strength in our medical imaging business in the fourth quarter. Addition of medium and high-voltage MOSFETs and IGBTs from Fairchild should help us accelerate our growth in the industrial market. Revenue in the first quarter for the industrial end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless contributed revenue of approximately $279 million and represented approximately 22% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. In the smartphone market, we benefited from ramp of new platforms by global and Chinese OEMs. We are seeing increasing adoption of fast charging and USB Type-C in smartphone market, and we are well poisoned to benefit from accelerated penetration of these technologies. We are leveraging our relationships in the smartphone ecosystem to cross-sell Fairchild's products, and customer reception of our combined portfolio has been strong. Revenue in the first quarter for communications end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. The computing end market contributed revenue of approximately $147 million and represented approximately 12% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. As there are many common participants in the PC, server and cloud markets, we are leveraging our relationships in the PC market to win designs for Fairchild's server and cloud-related products. We expect that server and cloud could be a growth driver for our computing revenue. Revenue in the first quarter for computing end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. The consumer end market contributed revenue of approximately $179 million and represented approximately 14% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. Revenue in the first quarter for consumer end market is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. In summary, I'm very excited about our prospects in the current year and beyond. Fairchild integration is off to a solid start, and progress thus far has exceeded our plans. Customer interest in the portfolio of the combined company appears to be very strong, and we're seeing early evidence of positive revenue synergies. We expect to generate strong free cash flow and aggressively delever our balance sheet. Now, I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for our forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $1.215 billion to $1.265 billion in the first quarter of 2017. Backlog levels for the first quarter of 2017 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated first quarter revenue. We expect inventory distributors to be flat quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $60 million to $70 million in the first quarter of 2017. For the first quarter of 2017, we expect GAAP gross margin in the range of 33.4% and 34.8% and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of approximately 34% to 36%. Factory utilization in the first quarter is likely to be down sequentially. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $302 million to $330 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $31 million to $45 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $271 million to $285 million. We anticipate first quarter GAAP net other income and expenses, including interest expense, will be approximately $37 million to $41 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of approximately $4 million to $6 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense including interest expense will be approximately $33 million to $35 million. Cash paid for income taxes in the first quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately $16 million to $20 million. First quarter cash tax payment is anticipated to be significantly higher than the remaining quarters of 2017, primarily due to the required timing of payments for prior-year's taxes for certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries. We expect full year 2017 cash paid for income taxes to be approximately 10% of 2017 non-GAAP pre-tax income. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $15 million to $17 million in the first quarter of 2017. Of which, approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the first quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately 424 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Forms 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Brian, please open the line for questions.
Operator: My pleasure, sir. Our first question will come from the line of Chris Danely with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Thanks, guys. Now that you and Fairchild are officially joined at the hip, can you just talk about the sort of combined OpEx and revenue seasonality trends for the rest of the year?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, in general terms, as we have said, we are ahead of our plan in achieving synergies. And as just Keith said in the prepared remarks, we'll keep the ON legacy expenses pretty much in control and continue delivering the OpEx synergies as we have planned.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: On the revenue side, one of the things to watch is the increased content as a percentage on the wireless side. So, there is still going to be some seasonality that looks consumer-like, but we think it's going to be much more moderated. So, the first quarter, as you can see, a little less than 2% sequential. You should still see strong growth in the second and third quarters. And then, the fourth quarter should be approximately flat. So, it'll have some additional content from the handset side, but in general will be much more muted in the first quarter.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. And for my follow-up, Bernard, can you just be a little more specific on the OpEx? Do you think that this level in terms of dollars, you can go down from here or should we expect it to go up, and – but less than sales?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, right now, we're guiding for the first quarter to go down. It will be going down to a midpoint of $278 million, which is $3 million less than in the first – in the fourth quarter total OpEx.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question, and congratulations on the good results. First question on the pricing environment. A number of your peers in semis have spoken about a more favorable pricing environment. Are you seeing that also? And I just want to see if there's a way to tie if the improvement is there to your target of getting 40% gross margin at some point?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. We are seeing an improved environment, little less pressure out there. We still do our annual contract renegotiations in the first quarter, so there's still some ASP pressure. But as far as the relative performance, it's much lighter than it's been than the last year. So, our pricing has typically been down 1% to 2% per quarter. And as that lessens, of course, it would help us significantly on our gross margin expansion.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And for my follow-up, you did just over $718 million or so in image sensors last year, which was down somewhat versus the prior year. I understand there is a good part of image sensors which is tied to orders, and there is a bad part which is tied to phones and consumers that you have been deemphasizing. Could you help us quantify what the proportions are? And when do you think the headwinds on the bad part will be over so you can start growing the segment in line with the growth trends that it's exposed to?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. Our automotive portion grew in excess of 25% last year. The declines were all coming out of the consumer and the consumer-like applications. We expect most of this, if not all of this, to be behind us in the first quarter. So, you should see overall market results going forward.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Chris Caso with CLSA. Please proceed.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. The first question. Wondered if you could expand on some of your comments about the better seasonality in the Fairchild's part of your business. What specific areas were driving that better seasonality? And then, also, I believe that you are still accounting the Fairchild revenue on a sell-in basis. Could you give some color on the sell-in versus sell-through in that Fairchild part of the business?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. On the better seasonality, in the fourth quarter, really saw a little more strength than normally Fairchild sees in that handset segment and broadly based in their distribution businesses.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: And from the revenue recognition, indeed, Chris, Fairchild is on a sell-in mode. We do not intend to change them to sell-through. As a matter of fact, we are in the process of continuing with our improvement in the way to estimate shipping trade and (26:07) at some point of time and we will announce it, we will convert the whole company to sell-in.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Right. But just following up on that, I guess, the – if you could maybe talk about the distributor inventory from Fairchild. And I guess just that better seasonality, it wasn't driven by distributor inventory going up, that actually it was end demand. Is that your view?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It was actually end demand. The inventories – distributor inventories for Fairchild products were flat quarter-over-quarter as compared to Q3.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. Okay. And just as another follow-up. Your commentary indicate that you're going to start in-sourcing some of the Fairchild back-end business, I think you said, by the end of the year. Could you talk about the timing of when that starts to impact your margins and perhaps give us some details about the magnitude of that?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. It will primarily be in 2018, starting with the first quarter.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please proceed.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question, and congratulations on the strong results, guys. Keith, I wanted to start following up on some of your prepared comments. With regards to what you're hearing from customers, you've said that some of them are talking about increased demand. Can you be more specific in terms of end market areas and geographies where the team is seeing that uptick?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, those are very broad based comments. We're seeing that broadly. I will say that very strong feedback coming from the industrial side of the business where the combined company now has some pretty significant leverage, also from the communications sector and, to a lesser extent, the automotive sector.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks. And then, the follow-up. Going through the businesses, it was clear that there's just a range of revenue opportunities for the combined company, whether it's cross-selling in PC and wireless, potential for distribution share gain, revenue synergies down the road. Can you rank the top revenue opportunities with the combined company, as it would impact this year's growth, that you see for 2017?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: The distribution side, certainly, I think is a significant opportunity, but across all market segments. So, it's not limited to a specific segment. Relative to what we've seen so far on upsides, I would say the handsets and industrial would be the two leading areas.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me to ask a question. Keith, just a little bit more detail on the Fairchild handset strength. I'm just kind of curious to what extent you kind of view this as content gain and was there any geographical patterns that you could sort of highlight on the Fairchild strength in the calendar fourth quarter would be helpful.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. Clearly, content gains, on the rapid charging front, we see that globally. We also saw Fairchild picking up significantly in the China-based handsets over previous cycles. And so, those two factors together are providing upsides.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful. And this is my follow-up, guys. Just as you think about moving the core ON business from a sell-through to a sell-in model this year, can you help us understand how that might impact, sort of, the quarterly revenue patterns, kind of what's the strategy to mitigate the impact of that change in revenue rec and when in this calendar year do we expect it to hit the most?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, in general terms, I don't expect any significant change. Our change in distribution inventory, which drove the sell-through adjustment, has been fairly moderate over the last several quarters. It normally – if you look at it historically, it has been a very modest amount. And as far as timing, we are still in discussions with our auditors. And as soon as we are ready, we'll announce it. I don't – I expect it to be somewhere in the first half of this year, but that's dependent upon us completing certain tasks.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird. Please proceed.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Given the very low inventories in the channel, what's the potential for the channel to rebuild inventories ahead of the second half? And if so, what's the outlook for a tightening supply chain which could be conducive of some mix shift or even pruning and which will also help your margin profile?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We normally do see modest uptick in distribution inventories in the first quarter, as they prepare for second quarter and third quarter ramps. It is – it's not substantial, but it could be up by 1% or so in a normal environment. Their motivation – very much, they're driven now by the return on working capital. And so, I think there is a lot of discipline out there to prevent overstocking. And right now, I think you'll see the economic trends maybe plus a little bit in the first half, but nothing more significant than that.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And what type of utilization rate do you expect in Q1 that's embedded in your guidance?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Low-80s.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Just want to follow up on that last question. It's a little surprise your utilization was going doing in the March quarter, just given the preparation for normal strong seasonality in the second quarter and third quarter. Can you just describe why that decision is being made?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. It's not significantly down, but it is down. We have – we take the opportunity frankly to do maintenance on the facilities during Chinese New Year. That takes a little bit of the capacity out while we're doing that.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I guess, as a follow-up on the OpEx side of things, Bernard, last quarter on the call, we talked about OpEx to revenue and there was some debate about 22% or slightly less than that, 21%, et cetera. Is that a framework that you could update us on?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We'll basically be updating you on that at the Analyst Day. Right now, what I can say is that, in the first quarter, our guidance is $278 million and it's down from the fourth quarter.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Please proceed.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot, guys, and congrats on a nice start to Fairchild and a good growth here. Just wanted to ask about auto a little bit further. Is it fair to say that that's probably going to be your strongest growth driver this year? And if so, without cutting you down, can you give us (33:43) some sense of what the range of growth might be for 2017?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. So, it should be our strongest area, and we're looking for something in the high-single digit growth rate for the year.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Okay. Great. And as my follow-up on that, typically, on auto, I think you get to see platforms well in advance. So, is it fair to say that, given the design wins you're seeing, we would expect 2018 could be a pretty solid year there as well? And just a housekeeping item, for the tax rate, does that 10% extend into calendar 2018 as well? Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, on the auto side, yes, we do get to see those in advance and we continue to be excited by our building backlog there on the design win inventory. So, things should continue strengthening into 2018. And on the tax rate question, we have said in the past and continue stating that our tax rate will inch itself to about 10% to 12%. So, in 2018, we'll be probably a little bit higher than 10%.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Rajvindra Gill with Needham & Co. Please proceed.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats as well. So, if I look at the core Fairchild – the core ON business in 2016, it's a little bit probably slightly down, most likely flat for 2016. As we – but in exiting in Q4, it was up about 7% year-over-year, so the growth rate is kind of reversing course and accelerating. Can we talk a little bit about what you are thinking about in terms of the, kind of, long-term growth rate for the core ON Semiconductor business? Or is that no longer relevant now that we have cross-selling opportunities with Fairchild?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, you know what? It's relevant and we were roughly flat last year. And basically, what we did was we were drawing from the consumer portions of the image sensor business and that was offset by growth in the rest of core ON. And so, that led to kind of the flattening for the totals. What we actually see is continued share gain in the markets that we're pursuing, and I would expect that shift as we mentioned in the image sensor piece to be over this year. So, you should see us growing at faster than the overall semiconductor market rates.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. So, we've seen strong growth in 2016 out of automotive, communication and computing numbers that are in the 15%, 16% range for the business. If we look at automotive specifically, can you talk a little bit about ADAS and the number of kind of camera-based image sensors that are going to be proliferated in these vehicles over the next one to two years or 3 years and how your kind of competitive position is in that market because it seems like the proliferation of ADAS systems are going to generate a significant amount of cameras?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah, they are. We believe we've been winning about 70% of the ADAS cameras for the new platforms based on the design win feedback we get from our customers. And we believe that, that portion of the market again will be growing greater than 25% a year. So, we're expecting extremely strong growth from cameras. The exact number of cameras per car is going to vary by model line and location around the world, but a 25% kind of increase per year is a great baseline to use.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: And, Bernard, last question and then I'll step back in the queue. Before, you had mentioned the free cash flow combined basis is expected to be about $500 million to $600 million in 2017, $700 million in 2018 and $800 million in 2019. It just seems, based on the kind of preliminary numbers in Q1, that actually the cash flow could be – for this year could be higher than that – higher than the $500 million to $700 million or maybe on the upper end of the range. Can you talk a little bit about that? The cash flow...
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. We are pretty excited about the free cash flow opportunities. We think, again, we can be in that $500 million to $600 million. And obviously, the higher the better. But we are very confident with our prospects and the execution on Fairchild that we should be able to get definitely within that range.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Good morning, and thanks very much for taking the questions. The first question is a follow-up on the Fairchild synergy. You talked about making very good progress with those. Is it just that you're going to be able to realize some of the cost synergies earlier than you previously anticipated, or should we think about upside to the total dollar amount of the Fairchild cost synergies?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Well, we clearly are getting things earlier. We uncover more opportunities as we go along and I would expect, at the right time, we'll be increasing that number.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And then, for a follow-up question on the communications market. You talked about, especially in the calendar fourth quarter, strength in China, you said, above seasonal for some of the Fairchild parts. Give me a visibility about how well the shipments that ON was making in the fourth quarter into the handset market, especially China, had been able to sell through, especially now that we've gone through the year.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. We have seen no inventory backup in that area. And a part of the perhaps a little better Q1 seasonality than normal is because there wasn't the normal clog up in the China market.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, and congrats on the results. Just wanted to follow up on the synergies question. I think, last time, you said you were beyond $75 million of OpEx synergies realized and I think around $30 million of COGS synergies. But where are we at, I guess, in early 2017 on that number?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We're still very confident about achieving the $160 million as we have been reiterating in our discussions. And as Keith said, we are a little bit ahead of pace, but definitely confident about the $160 million.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then, a brief, I guess, follow-up. Two-fold: One, just the CapEx expectation for the year; and, second, we've been hearing a lot more about wireless charging maybe becoming a bigger thing in the market in 2017. If you could talk about just what you're seeing in wireless charging, please.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, on the CapEx expectation, our 6% to 7% of revenue model continues being the one we're using.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: On the wireless charging side, certainly, we are seeing more interest on the high end phones and some rumors of maybe some major platforms. I'm afraid we're going to have to wait for those announcements to say more.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Chris Rolland with Susquehanna. Please proceed.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group: Hey, guys. Congrats on the quarter. So, you guys mentioned Fairchild's server power. You guys said that you suspected it could be a growth area for you guys. If you could maybe expand there and then also talk about the upcoming Pearly release. (41:26) Do you get any additional content gains there? Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. So, we think we've got an opportunity for about $25 to $30 per server. And for us, it will be all share gains since there was no prior participation. We do see design wins there. I think it's too early to call market share overall, but we should see some nice growth this year in that server area.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Great. And your comments about early evidence of revenue synergies, I don't know if you guys can quantify that. If you can't, that's fine. But perhaps you can talk anecdotally or give some examples about how you guys are generating these top-line synergies. Are they, like, combinations in product sets or sales teams or new distribution channels that maybe Fairchild had that you guys didn't, or are they direct relationships? How are you – how do you think you're going to be able to generate those top line synergies?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Well, they're coming across very broadly. So, in many cases, you do have sales teams that had exposure to different portions of our customers' business, and that's having a positive impact. In some cases, just our ability to deal with the distribution market was stronger, helping the Fairchild side out. And in many of our industrial customers, they were perhaps more of a Fairchild long-term customer now getting exposure to the offers – offerings from ON has created opportunities. So, it's very broad based and, as we said, very encouraging after the first quarter.
Christopher Rolland - Susquehanna Financial Group: Great. Well, congrats on the progress. Nice quarter.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel. Please proceed.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. On image sensors, you had said that it was up 25% for the automotive. Can you say what percentage of revenue automotive represents?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Approximately 20%?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Do you have exposure to the drone market?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes, we do. It's still very small.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, on the dollar content in servers, how does that compare to the dollar content in PCs?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It's higher. So, not quite double but around double.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Harsh Kumar with Stephens, Inc. Please proceed.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, guys. Congratulations on a great quarter and guidance. I was wondering, you mentioned that you are tracking ahead of synergies so far. I was wondering if you could give us an update on perhaps what is – what are some of the big blocks that need to be accomplished in 2017 with Fairchild?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, the bigger one in 2017 per se is the completion of the integration of our ERP systems towards the end of the year, and there is still some rationalization of some of the R&D expenses that we're going through. Those are the major two. As we've talked about in the prepared remarks, we should also start seeing some of the benefits on the COGS side for in-sourcing towards the end of the year, but it's mostly a 2018 phenomena.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. Thank you. And then, some of the other companies that have reported, Keith, have talked about worse than normal seasonality because of some handset delays, hence couple handsets. In China, one company has said. And then, one in Korea. I was wondering – you just mentioned that your com business will be down sequentially, which is expected. But I was wondering if you're seeing worse than normal seasonality as well.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: No, we're not. We're definitely not seeing worse than normal. I think it has the potential to be slightly better than normal.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, and congratulations on the solid results. With the two weeks now post Chinese New Year, and I know you guys just talked about trends in the handset segment, I wanted to just get your views on the sell-through trends coming out of that across the industrial and auto end markets in China.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. Our – actually, our post Chinese New Year activity picked right back up to where it was pre Chinese New Year, so very solid and encouraging for not only this quarter, but the buildup for Q2.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for the insights there. And one of your competitors, they're a top five supplier of power MOSFET, I think they've talked recently about having supply constraints within their business as they transition their manufacturing operations both in the December quarter and here in the March quarter. Wondering, if the ON team has been able to pick up some design win share as a result of some of these perturbations?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. Normally, those perturbations are really tactical. There are not so much design win. But where you're sharing market share, you'll pick up a little bit more, if one of your competitors have some pickups. And I would put it more in that category rather than a real design change.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. A question on gross margin. Can you talk about the performance of Fairchild's gross margin in the December quarter? And then, as you go forward, just kind of the mix between utilization benefits as well as end market mix, what you see is the biggest driver for gross margins?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Sure. So, we don't disclose a separate gross margin for Fairchild as we have now really totally integrated them within our numbers. But in general terms, when we look at it, it should be at or better than what we were expecting.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, just in terms of drivers from here, can you talk about the influence of...
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: The drivers are the same that we have mentioned. It's the 50% follow-through on incremental revenue throughout the year. It's the mix changes as we continue shifting our production and our revenues towards higher gross margin areas, like automotive, industrial and com. It is also the benefit of the synergies that we're talking about the size and scale.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, as my follow-up, Keith, on – you mentioned industrial a couple of times in terms of strength. Can you talk about just seasonality in terms of the first half of the year tends to be strong versus just any inflection you're seeing from a customer demand perspective?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Normally, we do see a pickup in Q2 and a little bit in Q1. So, usually, first half is a little stronger than second half for industrial. I do think that market itself is growing moderately from a GDP perspective. But we should see some customer gains for the synergies we talked about on the revenue line.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have follow-up questions from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for allowing me enter the queue again. Just wanted to get a little more detail on the deleveraging goal. I know you paid down that $445 million convert post the end of the first – or the fourth quarter. But can you just talk a little bit about the progression going forward, the goals you're shooting for and what the blended interest rate is going to be?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Sure, Ross. Thank you. So, our plan – our stated plan is to delever to a target of about two times net leverage, which pretty much should take us the brunt (49:41) of the next couple of years and we'll be aggressively pursuing it with the nice free cash flow that we should be generating every quarter.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And the blended interest rate that you guys are going to have now going forward?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, the blended interest rate is somewhere in the – our major tranche is the term loan B, which is LIBOR plus 3.25%. So, it's about 4%. All the others are at about or lower than that. So, in general terms, close to 4%.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I guess, as my last follow-up, because of the com seeing a little bit difficult looking backwards, that two times net leverage that you're talking about a couple of years out, where does that stand now in your definition of the EBITDA from the prior year?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, if you do it with the pro forma for the – for Fairchild on a full year basis and the synergies, you're looking at somewhere under three times on the net leverage.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue. So, at this time, I would now like to hand the call back over to Parag Agarwal, Vice President of Corporate Development, Investor Relations, for closing comments or remarks. Sir?
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at our Analyst Day on March 10. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everybody, have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp. Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp. Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.
Analysts: Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland - Susquehanna International Group Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. Diana Chang - Morgan Stanley Taiwan Ltd.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Semiconductor (sic) [ON Semiconductor] Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Parag Agarwal, VP of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Terrence. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's third quarter 2016 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay will be available on our website approximately one hour following this live broadcast and will continue to be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the third quarter of 2016. The script for today's call and the additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels and share count are also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors, which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the third quarter of 2016. Our estimates may change and company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors, except as required by law. We will be holding our 2017 Analyst Day on March 10 in Scottsdale, Arizona, and we will be sending out invitations and additional details of the event in coming days. During the fourth quarter, we will be attending the Credit Suisse Technology, Media, Telecom Conference on November 30. Now, let me turn over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of third quarter 2016 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Let me start by updating you on recent directives from the Securities and Exchange Commission on disclosure of non-GAAP financial measures. Due to new and revised Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations on the use of non-GAAP financial metrics by U.S.-listed companies from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, we are revising our practices with respect to guidance and use of non-GAAP measures. Please see the earnings release for additional information. Now, let me provide you details on our third quarter 2016 results. ON Semiconductor today announced that total revenue for the third quarter of 2016 was approximately $951 million, an increase of approximately 8% as compared to the second quarter of 2016. Third quarter revenue included a contribution of approximately $53 million from our acquisition of Fairchild Semiconductor, which closed on September 19, 2016. The incremental contribution from Fairchild was partially offset by approximately $5 million of revenue we didn't see this quarter as a result of the divestiture of our Ignition IGBT, TVS diodes and Thyristor product lines. GAAP net income for the third quarter was $0.02 per diluted share. GAAP income before income tax for the third quarter was approximately $87.3 million. Non-GAAP income before income tax for the third quarter was approximately $107.3 million. Net cash paid for taxes in the third quarter was approximately $6.5 million and diluted shares outstanding were approximately 420 million. GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was 34.6% and non-GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was 35.9%. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the second quarter of 2016 was 35.1%. GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2016 was approximately 4.9% as compared to approximately 8.6% in the prior quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 12.9% as compared to 12.3% in the prior quarter. GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were approximately $282 million as compared to approximately $233 million for the second quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were approximately $218 million as compared to approximately $200 million in the second quarter. The sequential increase in operating expenses was driven by the inclusion of Fairchild in our third quarter results; annual merit increases, which became effective in the third quarter of every year; costs related to Fairchild integration; and increases in legal and tax consulting fees. We had stronger operating cash flow performance in the third quarter. I'm very excited about the cash flow potential of ON Semiconductor, and with the addition of Fairchild, we should see meaningfully improved cash flow performance in 2017. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was approximately $133 million as compared to approximately $104 million in the second quarter. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was negatively impacted by approximately $26 million related to the modification of our Term Loan B financing. During the third quarter, we spent approximately $36 million of cash for the purchase of capital equipment and we obtained approximately $104 million from the divestiture of our Ignition IGBT TVS diodes and Thyristor product lines. We exited the third quarter of 2016 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $880 million as compared to approximately $588 million in the second quarter. At the end of the third quarter of 2016, days of inventory on hand, adjusted for 11 days of revenue contribution from Fairchild and the fair market value step-up, were 113 days. ON Semiconductor days of inventory in the second quarter were 120 days. In the third quarter of 2016, distribution inventory days increased marginally as compared to the second quarter, primarily due to the inclusion of Fairchild. For the third quarter of 2016, our lead times were up quarter-over-quarter. Our global factory utilization for the third quarter was slightly up sequentially. Now, let me provide you an update on the performance of our business units, starting with the Power Solutions Group or PSG. Revenue for PSG was approximately $408 million. Revenue for our Analog Products Group for the third quarter of 2016 was approximately $363 million. Revenue for the Image Sensor Group was approximately $180 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thanks, Bernard. I will start with update on progress we have made thus far on integration of Fairchild, and then I will provide commentary on current business trends and on various end markets. We are pleased with our acquisition of Fairchild and also with the progress we have made thus far in the integration process. As of now, we are tracking significantly ahead of our announced synergy targets. Recall that at the close of transaction, we announced that we were targeting to achieve annual synergy run rate of $75 million six months after the close of the transaction. We already have exceeded our six months post-close target and we plan to implement further actions in the current quarter to realize additional synergies. We expect to start to see the impact of these measures on our operating costs in the early next year. Let me now provide additional detail on the action we've taken to realize synergies in various functional areas. On the R&D front, we have identified redundant or uneconomical programs and are in a process of eliminating many of these programs. A sizable portion of R&D program rationalization will likely be achieved in the current quarter. As we previously mentioned, although ON Semiconductor and Fairchild had very complementary product portfolios, both companies were investing to grow in similar areas. In sales and marketing, we took actions on the first day after close of the transaction to effectively integrate the sales team. Redundancies in account management were eliminated and customer accounts were allocated immediately after close of the transaction. Based on inputs from our customers, we retained the best talent between the sales forces of the two companies. With addition of Fairchild's portfolio, ON Semiconductor has significantly improved its presence in the distribution channel. We intend to leverage our expanded presence to drive higher sales through the distribution channel. In general and administrative, we are rationalizing corporate functions such as finance, IT, legal and human resources. As we integrate the systems of the two companies, we should see meaningful savings on the G&A front. The departure of Fairchild management team has contributed to savings on the G&A front. On the operations front, planning is well underway and we are beginning to execute on synergies. Our initial assessment indicates that Fairchild's facilities are in good condition and we intend to increase loading at most of these facilities through insourcing and production transfers to drive higher margins. Fairchild's operations planning systems are very similar to ours, and we expect a seamless integration of operations of the two companies. Our initial assessment fully validates our financial and strategic rationale behind the acquisition. The acquisition is highly complementary, and overlap and redundancies in products and customers of the two companies are lower than previously expected. Fairchild has a very strong product portfolio, and with our scale and execution rigor, we are confident that we can generate significant value from Fairchild's portfolio. As we have indicated earlier, Fairchild's expertise in mid- and high-voltage power management is highly complementary to our strength in low-voltage power management. Customer reception to the transaction has been very positive. Customers realize the combined strength of the two companies and they are willing to engage with us in an even more meaningful manner than before. We've seen increased interest from automotive, industrial and communication customers in our combined portfolio. Fairchild has also added a list of marquee customers in the network and industrial end markets and we are pleased to be working with these customers. As we had indicated earlier, the combination of ON Semiconductor and Fairchild creates a new leader in discrete power management market. Given our scale, execution history and relationships, customer now have a very credible alternative to traditional market players for discrete power management solutions. Customers across end markets and geographies intensified their engagement with us from mid- to high-voltage power management solutions. We will provide further updates on the financial and strategic impact of the acquisition at our Analyst Day on March 10, 2017. Let me now comment on the business trends in the third quarter. During the third quarter, demand trends were stable and the bookings were generally steady across most end markets and geographies. End market trends were generally in line with expectations. Recent commentary from customers points to a steady demand environment. Despite a stable macro environment and generally benign demand environment, we continue to manage our business in a prudent manner. We continue to execute on our strategy of focusing on automotive, industrial and communications end markets, and with the acquisition of Fairchild, we are well positioned to increase our presence in these markets in a meaningful manner. We expect that our investments should start showing concrete results in 2017 and beyond. Now, I'll provide details of the progress in our various end markets. With inclusion of Fairchild's results for part of the third quarter, the normal quarter-over-quarter comparison that we have historically provided is not quite as meaningful. Therefore, I'll limit my remarks to qualitative summary and limited quantitative data. The automotive end market contributed revenue of approximately $319 million and represented approximately 33% of our revenue in the third quarter. Third quarter automotive revenue was negatively impacted by divestiture of Ignition IGBT business, TVS diodes and Thyristor product lines. Our automotive design funnel remains robust as semiconductor growth in light vehicles continues to outpace production. We continue to see strong demand for image sensors for ADAS applications. We've secured wins on marquee platforms and we are well positioned to drive strong growth in our automotive image sensors. Other applications driving growth in automotive include advanced front lighting, park assist, and DC-to-DC conversion. With addition of Fairchild, we are now very well positioned to benefit from the fast-growing EV/HEV market. The industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace and medical, contributed revenue of approximately $212 million and represented approximately 22% of our revenue in the third quarter. Key drivers on growth in the industrial markets remain intact. In the medical market, we continue to maintain our leadership in the hearing health market and we are preparing to launch new products in the fourth quarter. In machine vision market, we are seeing strong demand for our CMOS and CCD image sensors. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, contributed revenue of approximately $192 million and represented approximately 20% of our revenue in the third quarter. Our momentum in the smartphone market remains strong and our presence with global OEMs and China-based OEMs continues to grow. We continue to increase our content on marquee platforms by virtue of our innovative power management solutions. Fairchild further improves our position with key global and China-based OEMs with its wall-to-battery solutions, converters, audio switches, power switches and other analog switches. The computing end market contributed revenue of approximately $116 million and represented approximately 12% of our revenue in the third quarter. We noticed a slowdown in the computing market due to inventory adjustment. The consumer end market contributed revenue of approximately $113 million and represented approximately 12% of our revenue in the third quarter. We noticed a greater-than-seasonal strength in consumer business, primarily due to gaming consoles and white goods. Now, I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $1.19 billion to $1.24 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016. Backlog levels for the fourth quarter of 2016 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated fourth quarter revenues. Our guidance for the fourth quarter is in line with normal seasonality, with our organic business down approximately 2% at midpoint and Fairchild down approximately 7% at midpoint. We expect inventory distributors to be flat quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $40 million to $50 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. For the fourth quarter of 2016, we expect GAAP gross margin in the range of 27.4% to 29.5% and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of approximately 33.6% to 35.6%. Factory utilization in the fourth quarter is likely to be down sequentially. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $327 million to $359 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $54 million to $72 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $273 million to $287 million. We anticipate GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be approximately $40 million to $43 million in the – for the fourth quarter of 2016, which includes non-cash interest expense of approximately $6 million to $7 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be approximately $34 million to $36 million. Cash paid for income taxes is expected to be approximately $7 million to $11 million. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $13 million to $15 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2016 is expected to be approximately 424 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and, Terrence, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess the first one, heading into the fourth quarter and then potentially into the first quarter, can you just talk a little bit about the demand patterns you're seeing by sub-segments? And I realize sequential math is a little screwed up by the full fourth quarter of Fairchild. But just trying to get into what normal seasonality will be for the full company for the first quarter and then what the pluses and minuses are that get you to your revenue guide for the fourth quarter itself.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. Well, it's a good time to address some of the differences between the Fairchild patterns and ON. ON normally would be down 2% to 3% in the fourth quarter and then down another couple of percent in Q1. Fairchild had a very different pattern. They were down like 7% or 8% in the fourth quarter and then up 1% or 2% in the first quarter. So the net of that is a little more smoothing of the transitions on a quarterly basis. Primary drivers were really the mix of business that the two companies had and what you see is a pronounced impact on the Fairchild side from the communications or handset market, which had the stronger patterns. So, right now, we're seeing things a little better than seasonality going into the fourth quarter and with the backlog patterns going into the first quarter for both companies, which basically says computing's down a bit, the handset's down a bit, automotive down a bit, and basically across all the markets, they're going to be down a little bit from Q3. There's really no strengthening in Q4 over Q3 market-wise. Q1 should see a strengthening in industrial and automotive, and the other markets should be approximately flat.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And I guess as my follow-up one for Bernard, can you just walk us through your expectations sequentially and then kind of going into next year on the synergy side and specifically, on the OpEx line? How should it trend from that $280 million mark that you are guiding to in the fourth quarter?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, as we mentioned in the written remarks, we are ahead of schedule on the savings and ergo, our midpoint of our guidance is $280 million. In general terms, we expect those numbers to be flat to down. We expect the first quarter to still show some improvement over that. And then, as you go into the back half of the year, we should expect still some small reductions, but it will be partially offset with our normal merit increases. But in general terms, we expect that our OpEx to move towards the 22% of revenue towards the end of the year.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Danely from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey. Thanks, guys. Just a clarification on end markets. So I think you said in the comments and prepared remarks that there was a slowdown from the PCN market. Was that the reason that you came up a little short with the Q3 revenue? Maybe talk about how the slowdown in the PC market is impacting Q4 and then any impact from the Note 7 problems as well.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So primary difference in Q3 was not computing; it was actually the divestiture of the business we mentioned for the Ignition IGBTs and the Thyristor businesses. So that difference was basically made up the entire gap. On the computing side, our comments were we did start to see some inventory corrections through the computing side. I believe we see them a little earlier than others, but I think you're going to see that in Q4. But in general, there was not a big change Q3 over Q2 or Q4 over Q3 for our market, basically due to the increased Skylake content.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. And then for my follow-up, can you just maybe talk about where you're finding these additional synergies? Is it more on the COGS or the OpEx side?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It's both. On the OpEx side, we're identifying continued opportunities as we understand the investment profiles in more detail and just getting rid of redundancies there. That's opened up some new doors for us. And on the COGS side, we now have enough data to do the analysis on insourcing and that should provide some earlier-than-expected opportunities in 2017.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Caso from CLSA. Your line is open.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. I guess the first question, if you could clarify what the Fairchild revenue was for the full quarter. In addition, Fairchild had a sell-in revenue recognition policy. Do you guys continue that as part of ON Semiconductor and what are the implications of that?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. Thanks, Chris. So Fairchild's stub period, which is the one we had on our control, was $53 million. We don't have full visibility of what occurred before. It wasn't under our ownership and there was no public forum for that. In general terms, I believe it was pretty much in line with what their management was expecting and was not a surprise in general terms, but we don't have a precise number. Indeed, Fairchild, you see, recognizes revenue on a sell-in basis. We will continue recognizing revenue on a sell-in basis for the Fairchild piece and we are exploring the possibility of early adopting the sell-in conversion, which, as you know, all companies will have to migrate to sell-in as of 01/01/2018 as the latest. So we're exploring whether we do an early adoption of that at the beginning of 2017. It's still not completely defined, but that's the current thought process. So pretty much after 01/01/2017, we should all be changing to a sell-in methodology.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you. And as a follow-up, perhaps you could talk about the handset business a bit. Obviously, a lot of moving parts there with some new product ramps going. How is that going versus your expectations and what can we assume as we go into Q1?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. That's a little bit of why seasonality is a little better than normal. We've actually seen some pickups in our design platforms, both with the global providers and in China. And so we think there should be some good opportunities for strength in Q1, and I think that certainly is going to remain so at least through the early Chinese New Year this year.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks. Just briefly on the gross margin side, I know long-term, you guys have maintained that 40% outlook. Is that a 2018 target? And what top line do you need to get to that 40% longer-term gross margin? Thanks.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So we will be giving details on that at the next Analyst Day, but the fundamental tends to get to that 40% remain intact and we actually believe that the Fairchild acquisition enhances our ability to get there. And in general terms, as we have said before, it consists mainly of fall-through in incremental revenue, of self-help on manufacturing and consolidation, and mix improvements and potentially divestitures. Those are the four legs that will really allow us to get to that 40%. We have, in the past, talked about a 5% growth in revenue. That has fallen short in 2015 and 2016, but we do expect that there will be some low to middle single-digit growth in the markets that will allow us to get there.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it. And on auto side, you mentioned ADAS being a nice tailwind here. Can you talk about what percent of your autos is now ADAS and how that is growing and how you see your mix of auto revenues in 2017? Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. I don't have precise numbers of ADAS because it's defined slightly different by each of the makers and whether it's class I through class V. And so, I don't really have access to precise data to give you there. What I can tell you is we're going to be up double digits in automotive in 2016 and the opportunity is there in 2017 as well, really on the backs of more adoption of more safety features.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rajvindra Gill from Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. So just a housekeeping. So on the Q4 guidance, the Fairchild business implies something like $335 million revenue to get to the midpoint. And if I look at the organic business being down about 2%, it implies that it's up about 5% year-over-year. So I just want to make sure that those numbers are accurate.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: In general terms, they are indeed in the ballpark. As we said in the prepared remarks, we expect ON legacy to be down about 2%, which is seasonal, and Fairchild to be down about 7%, which is also seasonal or maybe slightly better.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And in terms of the gross margin drivers next year – and you talked a little bit about that in your prepared remarks, but I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate on the Fairchild business, how that will contribute to a higher gross margin either through fab consolidation or back-end test assembly consolidation. I was wondering if you could describe where you see some of the gross margin levers as you fold Fairchild in.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. There won't be any consolidation savings in 2017. It takes us more than a year to actually realize those. What we're looking at next year is additional insourcing into the combined factory network, so basically less outside manufacturing. This will get us better factory utilization and frankly some much lower costs in some of ON's factories by moving them from the low 80s up further from there. So a lot of factory loading, mostly insourcing would be a primary driver. And then, secondarily, continued mix shift, which has been enhanced with the acquisition.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: And last question from me and I'll hop back in the queue. In the press – earnings release, you have a restatement of the end markets going back to March of 2014, and there are some slight changes there in terms of the actual end markets and then you're kind of consolidating on a business unit split to those three categories. Wondering what was the reason for that and what was the changes that you see that occurred throughout the different products and end markets.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So, typically, we do look at that end market every quarter and there is – it typically happens. We fine-tune our end market information. So that's pretty much a regular process that we go through, just fine-tuning the information.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: The product groups we specifically – are organized the way we did because we felt it would accelerate our synergies and by aligning similar businesses across the company. And so, basically that whole restructuring, I think, has really helped us get ahead of the synergy game.
Operator: And your next question comes from Craig Ellis from B. Riley. Your line is open.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question. Team, I wanted to follow up on the ahead-of-schedule synergies progress and just explore the longer-term implications. The prior calendar 2017 to 2019 targets were $160 million, $200 million and $225 million. If you're tracking ahead both on OpEx and COGS now, should we expect there to be upside to those targets? And if so, can you provide either quantitative or qualitative color on that?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: I'll chime in. Bernard can give more details. But the answer is yes, we do expect upsides. We're not ready to give specific numbers at this point, but there's no question we will both accelerate, meaning bring them in in time and actually have identified more total numbers that we'll be able to deliver.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: And then the follow-up, Keith, is on the end markets. And it's not so much about the near-term dynamics, but for the last couple years, ON's had a focus on auto, industrial and communications as its core end markets where it strived to drive above-industry average growth. Now that you've got an inside look at the Fairchild portfolio, what did those products do to your relative growth rates in your core end markets?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. I think two areas were pretty exciting. One was industrial in the motor control and the higher voltage power control areas. They actually were very well established and so we're pretty excited there. Actually, I'd give you three areas. In handsets, the charging wall-to-battery products were very well designed into next-generation platforms. And then, lastly, the opportunity for EV and HEV vehicles with their silicon carbide products is well positioned as well. So those three areas, one in each of the three markets, we think, provides us a much stronger position.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thank you. And if I could sneak one in for Bernard. Bernard, is the $45 million midpoint CapEx number a decent proxy for what we should expect next year?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We still are targeting a 6% to 7% of revenue. It is a little bit lumpy. Sometimes it's higher; sometimes it's lower. But in general terms, 6% to 7% is still our model. We don't expect to deviate from it.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. A quick question on the insourcing. I think a while back here, 10 years ago, you were touting how outsourcing enabled you to reduce the cyclicality in the business by using the outside fabs as a buffer whenever things were slowing down. Could you remind us now what's the percentage of outsourcing? What it's going to be once you make those changes? And is it fair to assume that you had a view of the business being less cyclical that allows you to do this relative to your stance from years ago?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. Our model was to have approximately 20% of our business outsourced to help deal with cyclicality. It turns out the Fairchild business on the back ends, for example, was over 50% and so significantly in excess of our target. And we look at ON's cost structure specifically again in the back end and it's substantially better than any of the outsource opportunities. So really, Tristan, it's just truing us back up to that 80/20 model with 80% inside will get us most of the gains that we're after.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. And then if I heard the number well, your Image Sensor Group revenue implies a little bit of a year-over-year decline in the quarter. Could you talk about the trends in that business? Are we still on track in terms of the accretion for the year and also the type of growth drivers that you see going forward?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. We had a very substantial double-digit growth in the automotive sector, which is the focus in that business. The slight declines year-on-year were all coming out of handsets in the consumer side, which again we mentioned at the time of purchase we wanted to de-emphasize those because they were quite low margin. And so, really, everything remains on track as we look at it another year long.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to just revisit this synergy question. So when I look at ON and Fairchild separately in Q2, the combined OpEx, if my math is right, was about $285 million, and for Q4, you're guiding to $280 million. So first part is, is that the right baseline for looking at where you are in terms of synergy success? And the other part of that is, what is the right way to look at absolute OpEx for 2017, even if it's in a somewhat qualitative way?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So the Q3 is probably a better base. If you look at the midpoint of our guidance for the ON legacy, it was $205 million, so in that sense. And if you take Q2 actuals for Fairchild, which I think was around $85 million, you're looking at a starting point of about $290 million. The way to look at it for next year is we intend to gradually come down to achieve about a 22% of revenue level. So it will be trending down from the existing approximately 23%.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks, Bernard. And as my follow-up, Keith, one thing. As I look at the power discrete sector, denser trade at a lower valuation and one reason could be the lower gross margins versus the rest of the semis. And I think you mentioned that there are opportunities for some potential divestitures. So are there things that you can do beyond just top line growth that can help you accelerate the improvement in gross margins so you can get your 40% target? Thank you.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. I think there's two things pretty strong in our favor there. One, we do think with our manufacturing network and the specific market focus we've got, that business just naturally can be in the high 30s, so 38%, 39%, which is really not 40% but it's very supportive directionally from where it was run by the two companies separately. On top of that, there are divestiture opportunities and I can't give any details on those, obviously, but there are some lower margin parts of that business we will be looking to spin out.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James. Your line is open.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot, guys, and congrats on all the good work on the synergies. The first question was on some of the R&D. You've said you got some of the success there was in figuring out stuff that maybe you weren't going to focus on anymore. Or is there something you might share, sort of what products maybe you'll be deemphasizing? And if it's not appropriate for a public call, I understand, but any color there on what does not work for you guys anymore.
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: The majority of those synergies are redundant programs where we are both going after highly attractive new markets, and I'd say that accounts for most of it. The balance is in some, I don't want to call them skunkworks, but just some exploratory work that was going after some markets that we had not anticipated that do not look very attractive and some technologies that we don't think make any sense. So, it's really just odds and ends, but it added up to some reasonable numbers.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, Bernard, I was wondering if you've looked at this yet. In the event that you do shift ON over to the sell-in models that everybody sort of has to do, I guess, at some point here, what – how should we think that that would impact results? Is there sort of a one quarter shift over pulls forward and then we're kind of on track going forward? Or how do you anticipate that might look like, if you've had a chance to look at it yet?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yes. We have had a chance to look at it. There should be no impact to the P&L. The guidance or the rules for this basically eliminates all of the sell-through deferred margin through equity without flowing through the P&L. So pretty much the only thing that will happen is on the financials is that the balance sheet will stop showing a deferred margin side and it will be all rolled into equity. From the P&L point of view, there will be no impact.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shawn Harrison from Longbow. Your line is open.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to just delve into maybe debt reduction and how you're looking at that through the end of the year. I know the Series Bs were out there. But maybe if you could you talk about does the guidance include any additional debt reduction associated with Fairchild, how you think about that during 2017 and maybe a minimum cash balance that you'd like to maintain.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So as we said in – when we announced the deal on September 19, reducing our leverage is going to be one of our priorities. We do have debt that becomes due at the end of the year and we do have a good amount of cash on the balance sheet that allows us to have the flexibility of basically reducing that debt. As we increase our free cash flow generation, we'll be focusing on using that cash to de-lever up until we get to a level of about 2 times net over the next couple of years.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up, if I may, the $75 million run rate achieved, was that all OpEx-related or did any of that fall into COGS? And second, I know the accretion target was $0.20 for 2017, I believe. What is the new accretion target for 2017?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So the majority of the initial savings are coming from OpEx. There is some savings on a purchasing leverage on different COGS. The $0.20 right now remains intact and we'll provide more details in our Analyst Day, but right now, we're definitely on track to that $0.20 accretion for 2017.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Rolland from Susquehanna International Group. Your line is open.
Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland - Susquehanna International Group: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. So in your written commentary, you guys highlighted bringing capacity potentially in-house to Fairchild to help increase utilizations there. So what current facilities do you guys plan to bring in there? Or what products do you guys plan to bring in? And then also, do you guys plan to equip the half of Fairchild's Korean facilities that were currently empty?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Okay. So kind of two fronts. One on the assembly test side, across the board, we're looking at increasing utilization in those locations and we will be focusing capital expenditures to expand the factories for increased leverage on bringing things inside. From a wafer fab perspective, really we're looking at doing much more, including expanding Korea on the high-voltage and medium-voltage areas. So the discrete factories of Fairchild should be seeing significantly more loadings from design wins that are ramping now on the ON side.
Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland - Susquehanna International Group: I see. Okay. Thank you. And then I think you guys addressed the revenue associated with your IGBT business. I guess it's less than like $25 million a year, but the purchase price was more than $100 million, so call it 4 to 5 times sales. That's significantly above 2 times sales where you guys trade at. So, I'm making an assumption that that business was significantly more profitable than the rest of your business. And if that is true, we know it's 2% of revenue, but what kind of percent of profits are we talking about here? Is it 4%? Is it 5% of profitability? How should we think about that divestiture?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Chris, let me clarify something. The Ignition IGBT was $25 million, but we also sold some TVS and Thyristor product lines in conjunction with that same sale that was more on the mandated side by the FCC. So the total revenue for that was definitely more than twice what you quoted for that business. And we don't give details on the profitability, but I would say it's not above corporate average.
Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland - Susquehanna International Group: Got it. Okay. Thank you for that clarification.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy from Stifel. Your line is open.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. This time of year, you typically renegotiate contract prices with your customers. Can you say how this year's negotiations went and maybe give us an idea of what kind of price declines we'd expect in 2017?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. They are going well, and so we're quite pleased. Our expectations for next year are actually a little better than they were this year, but they should still average in that 1%, give or take, range per quarter.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Per quarter. Yeah. And what percentage of your revenue would be under contract?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: It's – a little less than 40% is under contract. And of that, a little more than half of that total contract number is annual.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Morning. Thanks for taking my question. Historically, in a disciplined supply/demand environment, the team has trended between kind of 9 to 10.5 weeks on distribution inventories. Can you just give us an update on where inventories are currently sitting and then maybe just some qualitative views on customer discipline on the inventory front?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So we're running approximately the same 10 weeks we've been running. It went up a little bit with Fairchild, but not much. And so relatively good discipline on the acquired piece and I think very good discipline on the traditional ON side.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for that. And then, Bernard, how should we think about the cash tax rate for 2017?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So we're basically going to be growing towards that 10% of pre-tax income as we go throughout the year.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Good morning, and thanks very much for taking the questions. Two questions from me. First is on the fourth quarter, if you could help us with the gross margin between the two businesses. What will be normally (48:23) expected for traditional ON and then how is Fairchild affecting the gross margins in the December quarter?
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So we are merging the companies very quickly together, so we're not splitting the gross margin. In general terms, I think our normal 50% fall-through on incremental or decremental revenue is the short-term view of things. That's pretty much what affects the comp, supplemented by additional synergies coming on the Fairchild side.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And then for a follow-up question, if you could talk a little bit more on your market share opportunities with NXP divesting its Standard Products Group to Chinese holders and then there's talk about some opportunities for ON to pick up shares, especially in auto and industrial. Could you give us either a quantitative or qualitative assessment about how successful you've been on that front?
Keith D. Jackson - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Yeah. Quantitatively, it's going to be difficult right now. It's still early. But qualitatively, those two markets are very sensitive to supply and supply disruptions, and I think we're looking like a very good alternative to some of the changes that are out there.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Diana Chang - Morgan Stanley Taiwan Ltd.: Hi. Good morning. This is actually Diana calling for Craig. Thanks for taking my questions. First, you mentioned about reducing the debt, focusing on using the cash getting 2 times lever. Wondering how should we think about the interest expense run rate going to 2017 and 2018.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: So the interest rate on our repriced Term Loan B is now LIBOR plus 3.25% as compared to LIBOR plus 4.50. If you look at the blended average of all of our debt that we have, it's approximately a little bit higher than 3%.
Diana Chang - Morgan Stanley Taiwan Ltd.: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then just a follow up on the inventory. When you look at the adjusted inventory days, it's around 113 for the quarter and 120 for ON Semi. So that's kind of like within your 110 and 120 target. So, would Fairchild kind of influence that target? Like, what kind of inventory level you guys want to hold going forward? Thank you.
Bernard Gutmann - ON Semiconductor Corp.: We believe that the 110 to 120 is a comfortable place to be at and we'll continue with the – targeting to be within that range.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back to Parag Agarwal for closing remarks.
Parag Agarwal - ON Semiconductor Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - Vice President-Investor Relations and Corporate Development Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts: John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc. Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Parag Agarwal, Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please go ahead, sir.
Parag Agarwal - Vice President-Investor Relations and Corporate Development: Thank you, Christy. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's second quarter 2016 quarterly results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO, and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the "Investors" section of our website, at www.onsemi.com. A replay will be available on our website approximately one hour following this live broadcast and will continue to be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the second quarter of 2016. The script for today's call is posted on our website. Additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels, and share count is also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the "Investors" section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the projections. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the second quarter of 2016. Our estimates may change, and company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other factors, except as required by the law. During the third quarter, we will be attending the Citi Technology Conference in New York on September 7 and Deutsche Bank Technology Conference in Las Vegas on September 14. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of the second quarter 2016 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Parag, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Let me start by providing an update on overall business results. We posted yet another quarter of strong business results, driven by continued focus on expanding margins and maintaining strong cost discipline. We delivered strong gross margin and operating margin performance, and our revenue exceeded the high end of our guidance for the second quarter. As I indicated in our earnings call for the first quarter, we continue to work on optimization of our business, manufacturing footprint, and cost structure, with an objective of achieving our target model. We believe that our margins have significant headroom to improve from current levels, and we have levers that we can pull to improve our profitability, even if revenue growth lags our expectations due to macroeconomic factors. We will provide additional details as specific business improvement measures are implemented. Now, let me provide you additional details on our second quarter 2016 results. ON Semiconductor today announced that total revenues for the second quarter of 2016 was approximately $878 million, an increase of approximately 7% as compared to the first quarter of 2016. GAAP net income for the second quarter was $0.06 per diluted share. Excluding the impact of amortization of intangibles and restructuring, pre-funding interest related to our acquisition of Fairchild, and other special items, non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $0.21 per diluted share. GAAP and Non-GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 35.1%, meaningfully above the mid-point of our guidance range, which was 34.3%. GAAP and Non-GAAP gross margin in the first quarter of 2016 was 33.7%. The significantly better than expected gross margin performance in the second quarter was largely driven by higher utilization, richer product mix, and improved operational efficiency. Average selling prices for the second quarter decreased by approximately 2% as compared to the first quarter. GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2016 was approximately 8.6%, as compared to approximately 7.1% in the prior quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 12.3%, up approximately 170 basis points as compared to the first quarter of 2016, primarily due to higher revenue and gross margin. GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were approximately $233 million, as compared to approximately $217 million for the first quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were approximately $200 million, as compared to $189 million in the first quarter. The increase in operating expenses as compared to the first quarter was driven by higher revenue and relaxation of certain cost control measures that were put in place in the prior quarters in face of challenging business conditions. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was approximately $104 million, as compared to approximately $115 million in the first quarter. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was impacted by approximately $24 million due to interest expense related to pre-funding of Fairchild transaction. Excluding the $24 million interest expense related to pre-funding of Fairchild transaction, our operating cash flow would have been up approximately $13 million over the first quarter. We also placed approximately $68 million in escrow to cover a few items related to prefunding of the Fairchild transaction. This amount will be returned to us at the time of close of the transaction. During the second quarter, we spent approximately $52 million of cash for the purchase of capital equipment and used approximately $28 million for the repayment of long term debt and capital leases. We exited the second quarter of 2016 with cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of approximately $588 million, a decrease of approximately $31 million from the first quarter. Excluding the impact of the amount placed in escrow and interest expense related to the prefunding of the acquisition, our cash balance at the end of the second quarter would have increased by approximately $61 million. At the end of the second quarter of 2016, ON Semiconductor days of inventory on hand were 120 days, down approximately eight days from the prior quarter. In dollar terms, inventory on balance sheet declined by approximately $10 million as compared to the first quarter. We expect further decline in balance sheet inventory days in the third quarter. In the second quarter of 2016, distribution inventory days declined by approximately half a week as compared to the first quarter, and distributor re-sales increased by approximately 7% quarter-over-quarter. Accounts receivables went up by approximately $59 million or by 3 days in the second quarter as compared to the first quarter. The sequential increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to the timing of shipments. Following the end of the second quarter, receivables have returned to their normal level. For the second quarter of 2016, our lead times were up slightly as compared to the first quarter. Our global factory utilization for the second quarter was up as compared to the first quarter. Now let me provide you an update on the performance of our business units, starting with Image Sensor Group, or ISG. Revenue for ISG was approximately $173 million, up approximately 3% as compared to the first quarter. Revenue for Standard Products Group for the second quarter of 2016 was approximately $310 million, up approximately 9% quarter-over-quarter. Revenue for the Application Products Group was approximately $273 million, up approximately 9% over the first quarter. Revenue for the second quarter of 2016 for System Solutions Group was approximately $123 million, up approximately 8% quarter-over-quarter. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Bernard. I will start with an update on our acquisition of Fairchild Semiconductor, and then I will provide commentary on current business trends and on various end-markets. Based on the feedback from various regulatory agencies, we expect to close the Fairchild transaction around the end of the current month. We are working to obtain the last of necessary approvals in the U.S. and China, and we will provide updates as further events unfold. I must also caution that despite our confidence in closing the Fairchild transaction this month, events outside of our control could result in unanticipated delay. The ongoing consolidation in the semiconductor industry has further validated the strategic and financial rationale driving our acquisition of Fairchild. The acquisition of Fairchild adds highly complementary products and capabilities to our portfolio and enables us to deliver compelling value to our customers, shareholders, and employees. Teams from the two companies have been busy planning for integration. Our preparations are further confirming the financial and strategic rationale for the acquisition. As a result, we believe that we will be able to meet or exceed the financial targets we provided to the investment community at the time of the announcement of the acquisition. We plan to provide further updates on the financial and strategic impact of the acquisition immediately after the close of the transaction this month. Let me now comment on the business trends in the second quarter. During the second quarter, the pace of bookings improved meaningfully over the first quarter and commentary from customers was generally positive. The strength in bookings has continued into the current quarter. Though we are experiencing improved bookings, the macroeconomic data continues to be a mix of good and bad news, and the business conditions remain subdued. We continue to manage our business prudently, and we are directing our investments towards areas in automotive, industrial, and mobile device markets that will enable us to drive both top line and bottom growth. Examples of such areas include ADAS, LED lighting in automobiles, machine vision, medical, image stabilization and autofocus, and power management in a broad range of applications. Our design win pipeline remains strong and continues to grow. Now I'll provide some details of the progress in our various end-markets. The automotive end-market represented approximately 36% of our revenue in the second quarter and was approximately flat quarter-over-quarter. On a year-over-year basis, our automotive revenue grew by approximately 15%. We continue to outgrow the market driven by our leadership in fast growing segments of the automotive markets such as ADAS and active safety, LED lighting, power devices, and networking solutions. We've clearly established ourselves as a technology and market leader in ADAS. We continue to reinforce our leadership position and we are now enabling future autonomous driving vehicles through our expertise in automotive, CMOS image sensors. We are working with all major auto OEMs and Tier 1 integrators to define next-generation platforms. In Korea, we are benefiting from adoption of surround view cameras in vehicles, with strong wins for our CMOS image sensors in multiple upcoming models. We are seeing acceleration in revenue for our recently launched 1 megapixel and 2 megapixel CMOS image sensors for in-cabin driver monitoring applications. During the second quarter, we secured a win for our LED rear lighting solution with a leading European OEM for future models. We also secured wins for new ASICs from European Tier 1 integrators for start/stop alternators and ultrasonic park assist applications. During the second quarter, we saw strength in specialized products for infotainment, safety, and powertrain applications. Demand for products from our Standard Products Group was strong as well. The T6 MOSFET family from our Standard Products Group continues to receive strong acceptance from customers for steering, braking, engine, and transmission control applications. Although there have been a few data points suggesting a slowdown in automotive unit sales, we believe that we can continue to grow our automotive revenue in the high-single-digit percentage range annually, driven primarily by content gains. Revenue in the third quarter for automotive end-market is expected to be flat to down slightly quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The industrial end-market, which includes military, aerospace, and medical, represented approximately 23% of our revenues in the second quarter and was up approximately 15% quarter-over-quarter. The growth in the industrial market was driven by strength in the security cameras, machine vision, medical, and general lighting related applications. In the medical market, we continued our momentum in the hearing aid market with our Ezairo platform. We are leveraging our strength in the hearing aid market to expand into other related areas. We are seeing strong growth in the glucose monitoring applications, and we are targeting this market with new products. We also experienced growth in medical imaging applications in the second quarter. In the machine vision market, our PYTHON series of CMOS image sensors continued to grow at a rapid pace. Our CCD image sensors for industrial applications also grew at an impressive pace in the second quarter driven by demand for machine vision applications, such as flat panel inspection. We expect continued growth in our machine vision revenue driven by increased automation in manufacturing, and investments by industrial companies in upgrading their manufacturing capabilities. Revenue for the third quarter for industrial end-market is expected to be flat quarter-over-quarter. The communications end-market, which includes both networking and wireless, represented approximately 18% of our revenue in the second quarter, and was up approximately 11% quarter-over-quarter, due to seasonality and the ramp of new design wins in various platforms. Our design win pipeline for mobile devices continues to grow and we remain well positioned with global smartphone makers, as well as with China-based smartphone OEMs. Our strategy of broadly focusing on all players in the smartphone market and driving revenue through wins on major reference design platforms is yielding strong results. During the second quarter, we experienced strong growth in our filters, protection and low dropout regulators for multiple platforms. Our content on various platforms continues to grow. Our optical image stabilization and auto-focus products continue their strong traction with China based smartphone OEMs. We are well positioned to benefit from our wins for protection, EEPROMs, LDOs and op-amps on multiple platforms, which we expect to ramp in the second half of the year. Revenues in the third quarter for communications end-market are expected to be up strongly quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality, and ramp of design wins in new platforms. The consumer end-market represented approximately 11% of our revenue in the second quarter, and was up approximately 5% quarter-over-quarter. The white goods market, which has been weak due to excess channel inventory of finished goods posted strong growth in the second quarter. Other growth drivers included gaming and set top boxes. Revenue for the third quarter for consumer end-market is expected to be up quarter over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The computing end-market represented approximately 12% of our revenue in the second quarter, and was up approximately 15% compared to the first quarter. The growth in computing market was driven by the much anticipated ramp of the Skylake platform. We also benefited from strength in power supplies for servers and workstations. Revenue for the third quarter for computing end-market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality and the continuing ramp of the Skylake platform. Now, I would like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Keith. Now for the third quarter of 2016 outlook. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $885 million to $925 million in the third quarter of 2016. Backlog levels for the third quarter of 2016 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated third quarter revenues. We expect inventory at distributors to be flat quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $45 million to $55 million in the third quarter of 2016. For the third quarter of 2016, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 34.6% to 36.6%. Factory utilization in the third quarter is likely to be flat as compared to the second quarter. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $225 million to $237 million. Our GAAP operating income include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $25 million to $27 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $200 million to $210 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $31.5 million to $41.5 million for the third quarter of 2016, which include non-cash interest expense and pre-acquisition interest expense of approximately $22 million to $29 million. GAAP net interest expense includes interest related to the prefunding of acquisition of Fairchild Semiconductor. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $9.5 million to $12.5 million. Cash paid for income taxes is expected to be approximately $5 million to $9 million. We also expect share based compensation of approximately $13 million to $15 million in the third quarter of 2016, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the third quarter of 2016 is expected to be approximately 420 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Christy, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Keith, just my first question. I'm sure you saw this morning that Fairchild also reported earnings, put up very strong revenue results, but the margin profile, I think, was a lot weaker than a lot of us were expecting, gross margins down sequentially versus expectations for them to be up. I'm wondering since they don't have a conference call, can you give us some insights relative to the work you've done through your integration team to exactly what's going on? Should I view this margin profile as Fairchild just really trying to cream themselves up before you take receipt of the asset, or how should I think about that?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I can't share specifics on them since we've not closed the transaction yet, but I would not anticipate the margin profile that you see as a continuing expectation. I think they will bounce back nicely in the near future.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful. And guys, maybe for my follow-up, Bernard, you talked about in your prepared comments some levers you could pull to improve profitability. Good revenue results this quarter and the guide. OpEx was a little bit higher than I would've thought. Can you just elaborate a little bit about some of those levers; and, I guess, help me better understand relative to revenue growth, how should I think about OpEx growth?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, John. So, on the levers, we have talked about those in the past being manufacturing footprint, being also potential migration from 6-inch to 8-inch, just in general productivity improvements, our normal operational improvements in the factories, also potential look now that we are a bigger company, but potentially not focusing on certain areas or divesting for certain less profitable areas. And in general, we said on a normal amount we are 50% volatile on incremental revenues. Leverage on operating expenses, we should still see there, and we had a few things in the second quarter that contributed to OpEx being higher. Some of it was indeed the fact that we had taken some temporary measures to offset cost in the fourth and first quarter, which now, we have went back to lower levels. We also had a few expenses associated with the Fairchild transaction that we did not pro forma out, that are contributing to that level. In general terms, right now, our expectation is that OpEx is – we are not going to change our investment levels in OpEx, and the only increases we should expect are inflationary increases. In the third quarter, our expenses are going up because we have our full co-merit (23:19) increase, that's the main reason our operating expenses are going up.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Chris Danely of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey. Thanks, guys. On the end market results, it looks like auto was a little below guidance, but PC was a little above guidance. Can you just talk about what led to the beat and the miss on those end markets?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, on the automotive side, we actually had two customers that were doing some inventory correction for their company-specific situations, which had a little less growth in automotive than we had anticipated. And on the computing side, the adoption of the Skylake platform was actually slightly faster than we expected going into the quarter. So that gave a nice pop to the computing segment.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. And then my follow-up relates to the Fairchild acquisition. So it looks like NXP is going to spin out their Standard Products business. Do you anticipate any impact, good or bad, to your business/the Fairchild business?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not significant. Basically, the NXP business does not match the Fairchild profile to a high degree, so really not expecting much of a change there.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Chris Caso of CLSA. Your line is open.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Keith, wondering if you can just go through what would be the remaining milestones for the Fairchild deal closing and your conviction in getting there, as you currently expect, by the end of the month? In addition, the Fairchild update this morning talked about likelihood of selling their ignition IGBT business. Is this a requirement for closure of sale (25:15)?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, on the closing milestones, we've been in communication with the FTC and had quite a few exchanges there. We believe that we're in a situation where we're going to have satisfactory conditions to close here shortly. The Commissioner (25:37) still have to vote on that but we're not anticipating further issues. The ignition IGBT business, that was referred to, is actually ON Semi's ignition IGBT business that is being sold and we do expect that also to be closing shortly as part of the Fairchild merger deal.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you. And as a follow-up on automotive again, you talked about in your commentary high-single-digit growth. I assume that's over a longer term timeframe. Can you talk about some of the elements that get you there? And in addition, there's obviously some concern in the industry now about automotive units in total. How sensitive is your auto growth both in the near-term and short-term to units versus content?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So that high-single-digits is actually true year-on-year including this year. So it's not a future event. It's actually we expect that in 2016 as well. And it's really based on the adoption of the adaptive safety, the advanced safety features and the adaptive driving features, we thing, is going to be at a pace such that even with little to no growth in automotive unit sales, we will still see that kind of rate with our automotive content specifically because we have such a good position in the areas that are being adopted in new models so aggressively.
Christopher Caso - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Vijay Rakesh of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks guys. Good quarter and guide here. Just back on the automotive side, when you look at – just looking at the health of that industry, how is channel inventory for you and for the industry in general, and if you could give us some geographic color on that inventory side. Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. In general, we've got good inventory positions around the world. I mentioned earlier a couple of customers had a little bit more than they desired in the second quarter that was mostly in Japan. But the rest of the world seems quite healthy.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it. And as part of your Fairchild acquisition, do you expect any fab consolidation both for you or for the combined? Thanks. That's it.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We'll give more details on that after we close the transaction, but over the longer term, we will continue to reduce our footprint into larger, more efficient factories.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Ian Ing of MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yes. Thank you. So it looks like we'll get an update on the magnitude of financial targets once you close the acquisition. But my question is, given you got more time to prepare, should we expect any changes on the pace of synergies over the next 18 months once the deal closes?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In general terms, we feel very optimistic about achieving or exceeding those targets. We have basically stated that we will get about, exiting (28:58) velocity of about 50% of those synergies after six months, and that's still is in our plans, and the completion of the rest within the next 12 months.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Great. Thanks. And I'm just trying to reconcile some of the commentary, industrial up 15%. Obviously, that's pretty robust. I mean, it feels like some of that should be replenishment versus true end demand. Yet your channel inventory is down half a week, I mean I'm just trying to reconcile how industrial could be up so strongly with channel inventory down. Perhaps industrial specific was actually up. Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That is – first of all, seasonally, the first half is the best for industrial. And so you got a strong seasonal headwind. And then specifically, we actually did have some very, very good performance in that marketplace with the design wins we had. So we're sure there's some share gain in there as well, but it is normal for that market to be up strongly in the second quarter.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Ellis of B. Riley. Your line is open.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow up on that outlook commentary for the wireless business. You mentioned program ramps and seasonality, but could you be more specific with respect to the ramps that you're seeing, either by geography or by class of customer, Tier 1, Tier 2, et cetera?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we're expecting broad expansion in both China and non-China handsets as you go through the third quarter. It is the time that most of our customers launch their new models. And of course, they do all those builds for the fourth quarter starting in September. So it's really broad based and reflects the profile of our customer base.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks, Keith. And then the follow-up is on the announced self-help initiatives from last quarter. I think it was $15 million in manufacturing and $8 million in OpEx, and that was SSG specific, I believe. Was any of that benefit realized in the reported quarter? And if not, when would we expect to see that hit the income statement?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You should start seeing that in the third quarter.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tristan Gerra of Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. Given your commentary of flat inventory dollars at distis for Q3 and reconciling with your revenue guidance for the quarter. How many weeks of inventories would that translate into exiting Q3 at distis?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It'll be approximately 10 weeks.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. And then what products you're seeing lead time increases, and also is there any specific end market driver, and what's the lead time range that you're seeing currently for your products?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we have kind of an 8-week to 15-week range and some of the end markets driving that are wireless as we just mentioned with some very nice ramps in the third quarter and then in specific spots in industrial.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Keith, a question for you on the communication side of things. You talked about the customer specific design wins and ramps in the third quarter. There's been some concerns about excess inventory potentially building up in China and creating a need for some burn off in the fourth quarter. How are you seeing that end market?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have not seen that to-date. Certainly, we service that market a lot through distribution and those inventories are actually getting leaner. So we've certainly not seen any of that yet.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I guess my second question on the computing end market. You mentioned that the Skylake ramp was helpful in the quarter, how far through that progression do you believe we are?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're still in the low 25%, 35% range of Skylake versus other platform. So we think it still takes to the end of the year before that becomes the majority platform.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Rajvindra Gill of Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks and congrats on good results. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the seasonality given kind of the commentary you talked about the specific end markets, and indications of some stabilization in the industry. Any thoughts in terms of kind of seasonality patterns as we go into the second half.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, normally, our industrial market, I'll just start with that one, is stronger in the first half than it is the second. So it kind of gets flattish as you get in to the third quarter. Computing normally would increase in the third quarter, but specifically there are increases that are going to be due to Skylake platform ramps as opposed to more computers being built. Handsets almost always go up in the third quarter, that's when they launch new platforms and get ready for the seasonal builds at the end of the year. So that's usually up strongly. Consumer also tends to be up in the third quarter, again, pre-builds for the holiday seasonality – and have I missed any? Automotive. Automotive for us normally is slightly down in the third quarter as automobile companies take down their plants for new tooling on the new models for a week or two. So it's just slightly down to flat but then picks up again in the fourth quarter.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And can we talk about some of the – Bernard, some of the gross margin drivers as we go into next year. You're benefiting from kind of a favorable mix shift while utilization rates are kind of flat. Can you talk a little bit about kind of how you foresee the business mix over the next two to three quarters impacting the margins?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. In general terms, mix will be a tailwind. We are purposefully focusing on automotive, industrial and wireless. All three have better-than-corporate-average gross margins. Obviously, there is some seasonality balance within that, but in general terms, the mix should be a favorable. And in general, just on utilization, our fall through model shows about a 50% incremental contribution to the bottom line based on incremental revenue. So, in addition to that, that's we had talked about. We announced the $15 million footprint consolidation that will help us as we go into the 2017 timeframe. And as we have said, we will be announcing more things as they become clear in the future.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Smigie of Raymond James. Your line is open.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot. I'll add my congratulations on the nice results. I was hoping you can comment a little bit more on PC as you look forward, or computer in general. So, you guys are, obviously, getting dollar content and share on Skylake. What does that growth look like over the next couple of years? And does it make sense at this point, given your success there to maybe go a little bit harder after the server market?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, on the PC front itself, we expect the Skylake transition to largely be over as we enter next year. So from a dollar content perspective, there are no big drivers for 2017. Share gain, obviously, as things we can continue to drive, but dollar content should be relatively stable through 2017. For the server area, there are more opportunities there, in specifically the power area. And we do expect to have offerings in 2017 for that.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just maybe I am parsing too finely, but your comments on the macro seem a little bit more upbeat than the last quarter, and I was just wondering if you're just getting a better – little bit better read from customers that's giving you some more confidence, or am I just reading too much into what you said?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. No. Actually, bookings have been up strongly and they've been much stronger in the summer season as this approach than we normally see. So, from an order pattern perspective, we're very encouraged, but from a macro perspective listening to the financial prognosticators on the news is not so exciting. So, I'm not sure how to reconcile those, Steve, but from the order patterns, we're very pleased.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kevin Cassidy of Stifel. Your line is open.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. Just with lead time stretching and inventory coming down, slight increase in utilization, is there – and maybe, Keith, to add onto your comment about your customer bookings increasing. Could it be that they're concerned of lead times stretching further?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Could be. Basically, we've been in a I guess a very lean position for a long time now, and certainly, individual customers may be coming a little more sensitive to that with the ramps of particularly handsets in the third quarter.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I see. And coming into the quarter, there was concern over image sensor from one of your competitors where the earthquake in Japan had damaged a factory. Did you see any increase in bookings due to that?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There may have been some temporary sales impact, but it was certainly over in the second quarter.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. From a bookings and backlog perspective, can you just give us some color on demand patterns by geography here in the September quarter?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'll let Bernard answer. I don't know that there's any huge discernible win (39:45). The handset market is pretty much all China for us from a build perspective, and so that's going to show the strongest profile.
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. But in general terms, the relative strength we're seeing is pretty much across all the geographies.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for that. And what were your specific utilizations in Q2? I know last call you had expected them to trend kind of in the high-70% range but looks like you guys drove a level that was higher than that.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And just slightly above 80% in Q2 and expected to be very similar in Q3.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Mark Lipacis of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Keith, I think over the past 10 years of M&A, I believe you've been articulating the view that the markets had still been too fragmented to buck the normal quarterly ASP pressures that you guys have reported over time. And I'm wondering if you saw that with the Fairchild acquisition, does the industry get concentrated enough to the point where you're in a position to start resisting some of those downward ASP pressures. That's all I had. Thank you.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I wish I could say that. It's really got a lot more consolidation to go before the supplier side of it, the semiconductor side that has enough strength against a very consolidated customer base.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Harsh Kumar of Stephens. Your line is open.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. First of all, congratulations on good numbers. Two questions. If you look at the comm business, I think you're guiding for really good growth.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: ... that's doing well as well and then I had a follow-up.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. You cut out there. Can you please repeat the question?
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Yes. So, within comm, I think you're guiding for really good growth. Is all of that from mobile or is the core networking business doing as well?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The majority of the growth is handsets. The networking side is a much smaller portion for us and continues to grow, but the handsets will be the story in Q3.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. And for my follow-up, I think – would you remind us when – assuming you close the deal in about the end of the month, when would you start to expect the synergies? Is it mostly OpEx? And then your commentary suggested you're talking about meeting or exceeding those. Have you seen something new perhaps that you can share with us?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the answer is they'll start showing up in the fourth quarter. I think as we planned and spent more time there, I think we've confirmed what we expected and we now have solid plans in place for execution. So we've got high confidence as opposed to new discoveries.
Harsh V. Kumar - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. Two questions on, I guess, interest expense. Number one is do you have an updated number in terms of what you anticipate the interest expense will be for the debt associated with Fairchild? And then also is it safe to assume that you're still planning on the debt to be put to you in November, and then you would retire that debt?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So for the Fairchild debt, we have a term loan B for $2.2 billion at a LIBOR plus 4.50%, with the LIBOR floor of 75 basis points. And we will also draw $200 million on our revolver at a slightly better interest rate. And yes, the current plan is to retire the – convert them when it becomes due in December.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: And then as a brief follow-up, maybe I'm parsing this too closely, but is your commentary or your view on automotive production, has it declined now given what you've seen over the second quarter, or you are more just commenting on what you're seeing on news headlines versus the incoming kind of production rates to your business?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have not seen order rate declines or inventory growth in the channel for us on automotive. The commentary on Q3 is very specific to model changeovers, and as again, very normal course of business.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Perfect, and congrats on the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. Yes. Keith, just following up on the commentary about bookings in business versus macro and certainly strength in the business. Any other context whether it's a year ago, the industry kind of had to go through an inventory correction that weighed, do you think that inventory has just been matched better to demand, or anything else that you can help in terms of given that context of the business versus just what the subdued macro?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think there is no question that there was inventories being worked off in the first half. I think we commented on that in the first quarter. Areas like white goods, for example, look like they have pretty much worked through that and in the computing and consumer segments likewise. So, I think the Q2 numbers and inventory reductions that we've seen in our supply chain indicate to me that most of those have been taken care of now, and so, you're seeing just a bit of normal market behavior.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just a follow-up for Bernard, just on inventory. If I look at 120 days that's kind of within your 110 to 120 days target. Will Fairchild influence that in terms of as you bring that mix of business on and how the type of inventory you guys would like to hold?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In general terms, I expect that demand will not change drastically. They have been reducing their inventories over the last couple of quarters in a nice way, so they're going to be aligned or slightly lower than our numbers. But in general terms, obviously, we will look at from the synergistic point of view there is opportunity to take inventories out. We will do that, but I don't expect it to meaningfully change our model.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our Q&A session for today. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Parag Agarwal for any further remarks.
Parag Agarwal - Vice President-Investor Relations and Corporate Development: Thank you, everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you at various conferences during third quarter. Good-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - Vice President-Investor Relations and Corporate Development Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts: John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter, 2016 ON Semiconductor Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will have a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's conference Mr. Parag Agarwal, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Sir, you may begin.
Parag Agarwal - Vice President-Investor Relations and Corporate Development: Thank you, Brigette. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's first quarter 2016 quarterly results and conference call. I am joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investors section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay will be available on our website approximately one hour following this live broadcast and will continue to be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for first quarter of 2016. The script for today's call is posted on our website. Additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels, and share count is also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investors section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from projections. Important factors, which can affect our business including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the first quarter of 2016. Our estimates may change and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other factors except as required by the law. During the second quarter, we will be attending, Jefferies Technology Conference on May 12 in Miami and Bank of America Merrill Lynch Technology Conference on June 2 in San Francisco. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of the first quarter 2016 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Let me start by providing an update on overall business results. We delivered strong performance for the first quarter of 2016. We posted strong growth in our gross margin, exercised discipline in operating expenses and despite the headwinds in certain end-markets, we delivered strong revenue performance under circumstances. As we had indicated earlier, we have started taking actions to optimize our manufacturing footprint and cost structure, with an objective of achieving our target model. The macroeconomic environment appears to have stabilized, but order activity and business conditions remain subdued. Order activity was steady throughout much of the first quarter and we have recently seen a pickup in order activity in line with seasonality. Our first quarter revenue performance was impacted by well publicized weakness in the computing and smartphone markets. However, with accelerating momentum in the automotive market, we were able to offset much of the headwinds from computing and smartphones markets. Keith will later provide additional details on the end markets. We have taken actions to streamline our manufacturing network and operating cost structure. These steps are just first steps, and we plan to take additional steps to align our cost structure with the current market environment and to achieve our target financial model. We have begun a plan to relocate certain of our manufacturing operations to larger existing locations within the company. These relocations are expected to result in annual cost savings of approximately $15 million. As I indicated earlier, this is first of many steps we will take to optimize our manufacturing network, and we will make further announcements on additional measures as we make progress on our manufacturing consolidation plan. In addition to manufacturing network consolidation, we took measures to further reduce operating costs of our System Solutions Group. These measures should result in annual savings of approximately $8 million, starting in the third quarter of the current year. Shortly after the end of the first quarter, we obtained the financing for our pending acquisition of Fairchild at very attractive terms and interest rates. The blended interest rate for the financing is expected to be approximately 5.5%, which is very attractive as compared to rates that other technology companies were able to obtain recently. As we have indicated earlier, our EPS accretion analysis for the acquisition of Fairchild is based on interest rate of approximately 5.5%. Under our current financing terms, we have flexibility of prepaying the term loan B and financing with cash flow generated by the combination of ON and Fairchild. Now, let me provide you additional details on the first quarter of 2016 results. ON Semiconductor today announced that total revenue for the first quarter of 2016 was approximately $817 million, a decrease of approximately 3% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. GAAP net income for the first quarter was $0.09 per diluted share. Excluding the impact of amortization of intangibles and restructuring and other special items, non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $0.17 per diluted share. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the first quarter was 33.7% as compared to the midpoint of our guidance range, which was 32.8%. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in the fourth quarter of 2015 were 33.3% and 33.2%, respectively. The significantly better than expected gross margin performance in the first quarter was largely driven by higher utilization and a richer mix as compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. Average selling prices for the first quarter decreased by approximately 2% as compared to the fourth quarter. Recall that in our first quarter of every year, our annual pricing contracts become effective and consequently we see a relatively larger pricing decline in the first quarter of every year. Despite the annual pricing reset, our ASP performance in the first quarter is within our historical range of 1% to 2% decline per quarter. GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2016 was approximately 7.1% as compared to approximately 6.6% in the prior quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter was 10.6%, down approximately 50 basis points as compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 (sic) [2015], primarily due to lower revenue and slightly higher operating expenses. GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were approximately $217 million, as compared to approximately $224 million for the fourth quarter of 2015. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were approximately $189 million as compared to midpoint of our guidance range, which was $191 million. The better than expected operating expense performance was driven by continued cost control discipline. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were approximately $186 million. We exited the first quarter of 2016 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $620 million, an increase of approximately $2 million from the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was approximately $115 million, as compared to approximately $157 million in the fourth quarter. During the first quarter, we spent approximately $73 million of cash for the purchase of capital equipment and used approximately $45 million for the repayment of long-term debt and capital leases. At the end of the first quarter of 2016, ON Semiconductor days of inventory on hand were 128 days, up approximately 6 days from the prior quarter. In the first quarter of 2016, distribution inventory increased by approximately $1 million quarter-over-quarter, and distribution resales increased by approximately 3% quarter-over-quarter. For the first quarter of 2016, our lead times were up slightly as compared as the fourth quarter. Our global factory utilization for the first quarter was up as compared to the fourth quarter. We increased utilization to build inventory for seasonally stronger second quarter. Now, let me provide you an update on performance of our business units, starting with Image Sensor Group, or ISG. Revenue for ISG was approximately $168 million, down approximately 9% as compared to the fourth quarter. The revenue decline for ISG was driven primarily by selective participation in margin-challenged, consumer-focused markets and in lower end of security market. Revenue for the Standard Products Group for the first quarter of 2016 was approximately $285 million, down approximately 3% quarter-over-quarter. Revenue for the Applications Products Group was approximately $251 million, down approximately 1% over the fourth quarter. Revenue for the first quarter of 2016 for the System Solutions Group was approximately $114 million, up approximately 3% quarter-over-quarter. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Bernard. I will start with an update on our acquisition of Fairchild Semiconductor and then I will provide commentary on the current business trends and on various end markets. We remain on track to close the Fairchild transaction in the middle of the year. We have received approvals from regulators in Germany and Japan and we are working with the regulators in the U.S. and China to obtain necessary approvals. As Bernard indicated in his prepared remarks, financing for the transaction has been secured at very attractive terms and rates. Teams from both companies have made substantial progress in preparation for day one and we're in the last stages of finalizing integration and operational plans for the combined company. We remain excited about the opportunities that the combination of the two companies will create for our customers, shareholders and employees. Now, let me comment on the business trends in the first quarter. During the first quarter, the pace of bookings was steady through much of the quarter, but we saw a greater than expected weakness in a few markets, especially computing and smartphones. The pace of bookings has picked up in the last few weeks consistent with normal seasonality. Business conditions although stable, continue to be soft. Despite a subdued business environment, the underlying fundamentals of our business continued to be strong, with major trends driving our growth in key strategic end-markets remain intact. We remain confident in our ability to outgrow the semiconductor industry driven by the strength of our design wins in the automotive, industrial and smartphone end markets. Now, I'll provide some details of the progress in our various end markets. The automotive end market represented approximately 40% of our revenue in the first quarter, and was up approximately 9% quarter-over-quarter. Our momentum in the fast growing market for ADAS applications remains intact. Sales of image sensors for automotive applications increased significantly quarter-over-quarter. We are leveraging our leadership in automotive image sensors to expand into adjacent areas, such as power management for ADAS systems. Our leadership in automotive image sensors has enabled us to significantly expand our presence in certain geographies, in which we had been underrepresented. In the automotive lighting market, we continue to maintain our leadership in the LED drivers, and motor control systems. We are benefiting from accelerating conversion from conventional lighting systems to LED lighting solutions for front lighting. Key program ramps in the first quarter include park assist solution for a Korean automotive OEM. We're also seeing outstanding acceptance for our T6 MOSFET products for powertrain, braking and steering systems. Our power regulation solutions for infotainment and body electronic module applications posted strong revenue performance in the first quarter. Demand trends in the automotive market remain steady, and we expect worldwide automotive units will continue to grow at an annual rate in the low-single digit percentage range. We expect to significantly outgrow the automotive market with our increasing content in fast growing applications, such as ADAS, LED lighting, vehicle electrification, convenience and in-vehicle networking. Revenue in the second quarter for automotive end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, represented approximately 17% of our revenue in the first quarter, and was down approximately 10% quarter-over -quarter, primarily driven by pronounced weakness in well publicized areas of the smartphone market, selective participation in certain margin challenged product categories, and seasonality. We continue to increase our content and our design win pipeline continues to grow with major global smartphone OEMs and China-based smartphone OEMs. Key drivers of higher content on various platforms include image stabilization and auto-focus solutions, battery protection FETs, high performance regulators, ESD protection, clock buffers, and ultra-small package MOSFET and EEPROMs. We expect revenue contribution from these wins in the second half of the year. We continue to maintain strong presence in the Chinese smartphone market, and our performance in that market significantly exceeded our overall communications end market performance. In the wireless charging segment, we're beginning to see acceleration in design-in activity for resonant charging solutions for major platforms in smartphones and automobiles. However, broad-based adoption of wireless charging has lagged our expectations. Revenues in the second quarter for communications end market are expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The consumer end market represented approximately 11% of our revenue in the first quarter and was down approximately 11% quarter-over-quarter. The decline in the consumer was driven by normal seasonality and steep inventory correction in the action and sports camera market. On the positive side, we are beginning to see stabilization in the white goods market. Revenue for the second quarter for consumer end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace and medical, represented approximately 22% of our revenue in the first quarter and was down approximately 7% quarter-over-quarter. The weakness in the industrial end market was primarily driven by our selective participation in the security segment. Trends in our traditional industrial sub segments were in line with expectations. In the medical market, we continue to build on our strength in the hearing health market. We continue to be a leader in this market and we are increasing our presence with our reference design platform for wireless hearing aids and PMIC for hearing aids. In the machine vision market, we continue to gain solid traction with our PYTHON series of CMOS image sensors and CCD image sensors. We're benefiting from investments by industrial companies in upgrading their manufacturing capabilities. As I indicated earlier, the security market was the primary drag on our industrial performance in the quarter. Given intense price pressure, we were selective in the market and focused our efforts on more lucrative and the higher end segments of the market. Revenue for the second quarter for industrial end market is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The computing end market represented approximately 11% of our revenue in the first quarter and was down approximately 10% compared to the fourth quarter. During the first quarter, we saw greater than expected weakness in the computing market, with PC shipments declining in the mid-teens percentage range, quarter-over-quarter, according to leading market research firms. Furthermore, ramp of Skylake platform has been slower than anticipated as OEMs work to deplete inventory of PCs based on prior generation Haswell and Broadwell platforms in a soft demand environment. That said, ON Semiconductor's Skylake-related product revenue increased sequentially as computer manufacturers continue a gradual transition to the Skylake platform. We expected that a majority of PCs shipped in the second half of the year will be based on the Skylake platform. Revenue for the second quarter for computing end market is expected to be flat quarter-over-quarter. Now, I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for forward-looking guidance, Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Keith. Now, for second quarter of 2016 outlook. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $835 million to $875 million in the second quarter of 2016. Backlog levels for the second quarter of 2016 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated second quarter revenues. We expect inventory at distributors to be flat quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $55 million to $65 million in the second quarter of 2016. For the second quarter of 2016, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 33.3% to 35.3%. Factory utilization in the second quarter is likely to be up as compared to the first quarter. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $215 million to $227 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairment and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $25 million to $27 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $190 million to $200 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $38 million to $41 million for the second quarter of 2016, which include non-cash interest expense of approximately $6 million. GAAP net interest expense includes interest related to prefunding of the acquisition of Fairchild Semiconductor. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $7 million to $10 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $3 million to $7 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $9 million. We also expect share based compensation of approximately $14 million to $16 million in the second quarter of 2016, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the second quarter of 2016 is expected to be approximately 416 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share counts and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And Brigette, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, good morning, guys. Thanks for all the detail as always. Keith, just my first question relative to the industrial market. What percent of industrial was made up by security? Can you help me better understand how much business you think you left on the table because you didn't want to go to lower margin business, and I guess more importantly going forward, is there anything you can do in that market around cost reducing products to open up more of the TAM or how should we think about that market opportunity longer term for you?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the security market if that basically had been flat, the industrial results would have been flat quarter-on-quarter. So that basically makes up that kind of 10% or so drop quarter-on-quarter. It really is just the lower end of that market. We still strongly participate in the higher end of the security market. So, I mean, you can do the math on that, but it's a noticeable percentage but not huge and, of course, the margins were quite challenged there, so we think it's the right move. We do expect security to continue to grow in the high end of that market where we can make good margins, and I guess I don't know what other aspect to address.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful, Keith. And then my second question just on computing being down 10% sequentially. You mentioned some of the drivers for that. I'm just kind of curious, because when I look at that 10% number, it's not significantly better than the overall market and I would have thought that the Skylake content cushion and/or share gains would have allowed you to outperform maybe by a little bit more. Help me understand, are the content gains coming in as expected, are the share gains coming in as expected? And I guess importantly, if the PC market's flat in the back half of the year but we see that transition to Skylake more aggressively, how much do you think you can grow that business half-on-half?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Couple comments there. One, we did not see the conversion to Skylake as we anticipated. There was very few more units made of Skylake quarter-on-quarter as a percentage of the total. So that was definitely a surprise to us. We service that market through distribution, and our customers placed very strong orders on us going into the first quarter, which set expectations that Skylake would be quite strong. As it turns out, it was up quarter-on-quarter on the Skylake portion. But most of that product that we shipped stayed with the distributors. And so on a sell-in basis, it would have been up very strongly, and some of our competitors, for example, are all sell-in. So, on a sell-in basis, it looked really strong, but on a sell-through basis, frankly, we did not see the conversion rate of Skylake that we expected. We've talked with all of the computing folks here in the last few weeks, they are expecting, I think, a fairly flattish second quarter, but they are expecting continued Skylake conversions. And so, I'm anticipating to see that stronger up on the Skylake, as we approach mid-year and the second half.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks Keith.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Danely with Citi. Your line is open.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, thanks guys. On the restructuring, can you just talk about, where you think the savings are going to come in, in terms of cost of goods versus OpEx, and it sounds like you might do some more restructuring. Any particular areas that you're looking at and then what's sort of the timeline of those, could we expect more before the end of the year, is this like an ongoing thing?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Chris. So, on the breakdown, $15 million of the $23 million is in COGS and $8 million is in OpEx. As we said, the OpEx is mostly the SSG Group to shore up their bottom-line. On the COGS side, it is manufacturing relocation activities, which typically take a year-and-a-half or so until you see the full benefits of those 18 months until you see the full benefits of those through the P&L. And yes, these are first steps as we indicated on our calls, and as we are ready to talk more we'll be announcing throughout the year more activities.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Sure. And from my follow-up on a question on inventory, so it's – I think it's 128 days, that's – I think it's an all time high. Can you just talk about why inventory is so high, and then where you expect those inventory days to trend for the rest of this year, along with utilization.
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, yes, indeed, it is a little bit on the higher side of our historical numbers. We do expect the seasonal uptick in the second quarter. And as we are guiding about 5% up, this is in anticipation of that increased run rate. And obviously, we are also a normal seasonality for the back half, would also indicate more requirements for inventory. In general terms, we would expect to taper off that and get inventory days to slightly lower numbers.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And maybe Bernard, you could just give us like your sort of typical range for inventory days, these days, and when you would expect to get there, so we could have some milestones?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, right now, it's more in the 110 days to 120 days, we have upped that compared to where we were before. In general, it looks like the semiconductor companies now are carrying a lot more inventory than we used a few years back. So that's kind of our range.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Tristan Gerra with Baird. Your line is open.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. How much exposure do you have left in consumer for your CMOS image sensor business given the comment earlier that you had some selective participation at some consumer OEMs, and is your dime accretion target on track for this year?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Less than 20% of our total image sensor business now and we're actually ahead of our accretion targets there, strong margins in all of the sectors being the key driver.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. And then as a follow-up to the inventory question earlier, you mentioned that your utilization rates were up in Q1, sequentially it would increase again in Q2. Could you give us a sense of what the percentages, are you in the low 80s currently, and what is your target for the second half based on your initial Q3 outlook, I think you provided sometime in the past your initial outlook a quarter ahead?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we're operating in kind of the high-70s range, and I expect that will be pretty much true for the second quarter as well, and then as the second half develops, we could enter the low-80s in the Q3.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yes. Thanks. In automotive image sensors, you talked about entering some underrepresented geographies, could you talk more about that opportunity, and is there some cross-sell of other product potentially down the road?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we mentioned a Korean design win for ultrasonic parking it is that area where the image sensors have picked up quite a bit for us. And so we're seeing some very good pick up in Korea.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Okay. Great. And then in SSG, looks like in March it's up modestly, are you coming off the Q4 lows here sustainably you think, and do you know what the new breakeven level will be for SSG after this restructure of $8 million, yeah?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I feel much, much better. We know have an upward trajectory based on all of the automotive and industrial wins we've had the last year or so. And so we are expecting increased sales from here on out. With the changes that we've made, Q3 onward we should be above breakeven every quarter, and again as the revenue increases, there is a pretty good fall through of about 60% to the bottom-line.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Rajvindra Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on good results. Wanted to talk a little bit about the ADAS systems and kind of your competitive positioning there. You'd mentioned that automotive is about 40% of the sales. I was wondering if you could maybe provide a little more detail in terms of image sensors as a percentage of that, and where do you expect that to grow over the next few quarters or so?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I'll back into that one, so ADAS for our image sensors, we believe we've got about 70% of the design wins in that sector. So we're expecting to see increased share for image sensors in ADAS. But from a total dollar for our automotive piece of that equation it's about 25% for image sensors and 75% for the rest of our products.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: I'm sorry, image sensors are 25%
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: 25% of total automotive for the company.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Of total automotive, got it. Okay, great. And on the wireless charging opportunity, it seems like the other kind of major competitor is gaining some traction there. They have a kind of a Tri-Mode standard in wireless charging. Wondering how – what are you – what is your thinking in terms of wireless charging going forward? You had mentioned that you felt that the adoption rates are slower than anticipated, but wanted to get your thoughts on how we should think about wireless charging in the back half of the year and going into next year?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so specifically, we have the resonant standard. Tri-Mode is great for the transmit side, and we are indeed releasing a product for that. But on the receive side, the resonant pick-up has been slower than expected in the handsets. And so, that was the comment relative to that. We do see that picking up now. And as we get into the back half of the year, and with the 2017 launches, we would expect on a percentage basis to see very significant improvements and 2017, should see the bulk of the growth.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. Two questions, if I may, just in terms of the pending Fairchild acquisition. I can't remember seeing this, but the size of the tranche B loan that you can pay down early, what would be the size of that? And then secondarily on Fairchild, it seems to be that, they are losing head count and having difficulty replacing it. So, just wondering, if there is any concern about the good talent leaving before you can acquire the company, and review who you want to keep versus you would like to, have like go?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Very good, Shawn. I'll answer the first one, the tranche, the term loan B is fully pre-payable, the whole amount, the $2.2 billion that we financed.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And on the head count, we watch that very carefully. Most of the attrition, we've seen so far is in the G&A portion of the business. And so, we feel very confident, we're going to be picking up a company with strong engineering and sales talent intact.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then, I guess a final question, just thinking about your CapEx going forward, with some of the consolidation efforts. Where does that maybe bring normalized CapEx, either as a portion of revenues or a dollar basis, to kind of 18 months out from now?
Bernard Gutmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We still expect to operate in the 6% to 7% range. We have been operating on the higher end of that, so maybe we'll push it down a little bit, but we're still operating in the 6% to 7%.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Perfect. Thank you so much. And congrats on the results.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Your line is open.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys. I was hoping you could comment a little bit more on the restructuring activity. Is the additional steps that you mentioned but haven't given detail on yet, is that going to be just for the core ON Semiconductor, or are you sort of making comments there about what you would do to the combined entity?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. No, all of our comments are relative to the current ON Semiconductor. Obviously, when the transaction closes, there will be synergies that are associated with that combination, but these are independent of that.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. And then, one thing you mentioned was you're seeing, I think, a pick-up in the white goods. I was hoping to get a little bit more color on that. I assume that's driven by maybe a little bit better market over in China but just wanted to get some extra color on that.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It appears that the inventories which were quite substantial built last year are basically being cleaned out. We did see new orders from customers that had told us they had significant over-inventory position last year. So it looks like the inventory positions have been worked out. I'm not sure it's a huge in-demand change, but it's certainly a huge change in their inventories.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, guys. Just on the Fairchild, I was wondering if you could give us some more recap or an update on how you see the synergies with Fairchild, and how do you see the fab consolidations, et cetera? Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We really haven't got any changes. The deeper we get into it, it confirms our expectations. We do see the $150 million or so that we talked about. We're still not prepared to announce specifics on further manufacturing actions that can be taken, but again, as we get deeper into it, we confirm that indeed, there's much more for us there on the manufacturing front.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it. And when you look at on the automotive side, between LED lighting and camera ADAS, how do you think – how do you look at it globally? Where is the penetration levels, especially with LED lighting just globally? And on the camera ADAS side also, obviously U.S. is a nice tailwind, but how do you see that pipeline going forward? Thanks.
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. LED front lighting is still extremely small. If you look at total automotive worldwide, it's less than 5% today have that, but we're seeing a strong adoption with major U.S.-built models picking up LED lighting for the 2017 year, so we're seeing that increase quite rapidly. On the ADAS systems, again today the vast majority of everything is with rearview cameras, and what we are seeing is a very rapid adoption across all levels of models going forward, but again ADAS is a very thinly populated thing with less than 10% of the cars globally today.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel. Your line is open.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you. On the image sensors, have you seen any supply disruption in the market due to the earthquake in Japan?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have not yet had customers with major disruptions, but we're certainly closely monitoring that and offering assistance where possible.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And in the security market, you mentioned walking away from the low end, is the high end still growing or is there a shift towards the lower end?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, the high end is growing, in fact it's growing faster than the low end is growing. So we still remain encouraged about the security market overall.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. The comments on the strength in China handsets, can you just talk about as you look into the back half, just how you see the market evolving between kind of some of the traditional OEMs versus China?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Our expectation is that the China players will continue to gain share against the more traditional players in the second half, and at least from what we can tell backlog wise, that is already taking place with order patterns.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, just as a follow-up on Aptina, you mentioned it's tracking above expectation for accretion and margins performing well. Can you give us an update kind of where you are in terms of the business mix. I know you've been focusing a little bit more on autos and industrial, do you kind of think you are at that desired mix in terms of some of the areas you deemphasize or how that plays out?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're pretty close. I expect leaving this year, we will be at the mix that we'd like long-term, which means the consumer piece of the business will be all accretive and all at the high-end, and the security business that we talked about earlier will be the same. So I think we're a couple of quarters away from being at the ideal mix, but we're certainly executing very strongly from a margin and profitability perspective.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up from Rajvindra Gill with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for the follow-up. Just on the comment about outgrowing the semiconductor industry this year, just wanted to get some clarity on that, as it stands now for the first two quarters of this year, revenue is going to be down about 9% year-over-year from the first half versus the second half – I'm sorry through the first half of this year versus the first half of last year. You did have some tougher comparisons with the image sensor business, but it does reflect a pretty decent snapback in the second half, so just wanted to get a sense of how you're thinking about growing above the market given the first two quarters of this year?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I guess, couple comments. One, the automotive piece has been very, very good for us and we've been outgrowing that; you can look at the numbers. The thing in our engines we talked about the smartphone market has been the steepest decline, and that is what we do expect to be much stronger as we get into the second half, and where our margins are much better. So net-net the piece that's been missing, we think, is basically the outgrowth in the smartphone market has not shown up, because the market has self-shrank. We expect that to change in the second half. And then on industrial, I think we're through all of the inventory corrections there and we should see that growing as well strongly in the second half. So the net of it is three markets where we think we're better positioned than competition, only one of which has operated here in the first half. And so in the second half, we think we have all three markets.
Rajvindra S. Gill - Needham & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yes, thanks. Last quarter, you had an early read on weak hard disk drives and Seagate looks like it's one of your representative customers in your 10-K. Do you have any updated thoughts on this market and how it plays out the rest of the year? I know there's concerns that some storage workloads are moving to the cloud potentially?
Keith D. Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We do not see any strength coming for that market.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: I am not showing any further questions. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Agarwal for closing remarks.
Parag Agarwal - Vice President-Investor Relations and Corporate Development: Thank you, Brigette and thank you everyone for joining the call today. And we look forward to seeing you at various conferences. Good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-11-04 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Coherent's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Financial Results Conference Call hosted by Coherent Inc. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to introduce Ms. Leen Simonet, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. You may begin your conference. 
Helene Simonet: Thank you, Janna. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I will provide financial information and John Ambroseo, our President and CEO, will provide a business overview. 
 As a reminder, any guidance and any statements in today's conference call pertaining to future guidance, market trends, plans, events or performance, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ significantly. We encourage you to refer to the risk disclosures and critical accounting policies described in the company's reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, as applicable and as filed from time-to-time by the company. 
 The full text of today's prepared remarks and trended GAAP and non-GAAP supplemental financial information will be posted on the Coherent Investor Relations website. A replay of this webcast will also been made available for approximately 90 days following the call. 
 Let me start by saying that we're very pleased with the fourth quarter results that we're announcing today. Revenues for the quarter were $209.6 million with corresponding pro forma earnings of $1.25 per diluted share. 
 The fourth quarter earnings were positively impacted by a lower tax rate, most the result of a more advantageous geographical mix of profits, adding approximately $0.10 per share to our results. Pro forma gross profit and period expenses were also favorable compared to our guidance and contributed to a record pro forma EBITDA of 22.1% for the quarter. Our fiscal 2015 pro forma EBITDA reached 19.3% and exceeded the low end of our long-term targeted range of 19% to 23%. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $325.5 million, reflecting a quarterly cash flow from operations of approximately $56 million resulting in a record cash flow from operations for the year. 
 Net sales for the fourth quarter of $209.6 million increased $21.1 million or 11.2% sequentially and increased $4.3 million or 2.1% compared to the same quarter a year ago. The recent acquisitions contributed $2 million to our fourth quarter revenue compared to the guidance of $2 million to $3 million. 
 With respect to the revenues by major market applications, we saw double-digit sequential increase in microelectronics, single-digit increases in both our OEM components and instrumentation and scientific markets and a decrease in the materials processing market. 
 Microelectronics revenues grew 20.5% sequentially, which is mainly the result of shipping the third 1500 Linebeam ELA system, partially offset by lower advanced packaging applications sales. The sequential growth of 7.7% in OEM components and instrumentation is driven by the revenue of the new acquisition, more specifically in the military market, and the continuation of a strong sales in the bioinstrumentation submarket. Scientific growth of 3.2% is mainly the result of strength in Asia. Our materials processing market sequential revenue decline of 7% is not indicative of a trend considering that the fourth quarter was a very strong bookings quarter for the company. 
 Our shippable backlog at the end of fiscal 2015, defined as shippable within the next 12 months, is approximately $309.5 million, including $100 million or 32% flat panel display shippable bookings. The comparable shippable backlog at the end of last year was approximately $328 million, of which $136 million or 41% related to flat panel display applications. 
 Geographically, for the full fiscal year, Asia accounted for 52% of the company's revenues; U.S., 27%; Europe, 16%; and the rest of the world, 5%. Asia includes 2 territories with revenues greater than 10%. South Korea and Japan represent 24% and 17% of fiscal 2015 revenues, respectively. 
 Service revenues for the fourth quarter were approximately $64 million or 30% of sales and represent 12% growth both compared to last quarter and the same quarter last year. Fiscal 2015 service revenues increased to almost $241 million or 30% of sales compared to $234 million or 29% of sales last year. The fourth quarter flat panel display service revenues increased approximately $5 million sequentially and fiscal 2015 flat panel display service revenues grew approximately 4% year-over-year. 
 We had one customer in South Korea, an integrator to a large flat panel display manufacturers, who contributed more than 10% of the company's fourth quarter and year-to-date revenues. 
 The fourth quarter pro forma gross profits, excluding stock compensation charges, intangible amortization and the inventory step-up related to the purchase accounting was $93.6 million or 44.6% of sales, which compares to 43.5% last quarter. The sequential increase of 110 basis points was mainly the result of lower-than-expected warranty events and the resulting reduced reserve requirements coupled with improved manufacturing efficiencies. 
 Compared to our guidance, product mix was also more favorable mainly due to the higher-than-anticipated service revenues. 
 Period expenses excluding stock compensation charges, the bargain purchase accounting gain and net of the deferred compensation benefits, for which the offset is included in OIE, were 25.6% compared to a guidance of 26.5% to 27%. The lower period expenses are due in part to a lower spending run rate at the companies we recently acquired. We had originally estimated $1.5 million for 2 months of activity; our revised estimate is approximately $1.5 million for 3 months of activity. In addition, we benefited, sooner than anticipated, from the cost reduction efforts we announced last quarter. We also experienced substantially lower medical claims during the quarter compared to preceding trends. 
 And we move on to the balance sheet. Our cash and cash equivalents for the quarter was $325.5 million, which represents a decrease of $11.3 million compared to last quarter. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 868,000 shares for a total of $50 million, we completed 2 acquisitions for $9.3 million and had capital expenditures of approximately $6 million. As an offset, our cash flow from operations for the quarter, at $55.6 million, was the strongest quarter we've ever seen. Higher cash flows were mainly driven by our increased earnings coupled with improved working capital metrics. Accounts receivable DSO stood at 61 days compared to 69 days last quarter and inventory turns improved from 2.8 to 3 turns. Year-to-date cash flow from operations amounted to $124.5 million, a record for the company. 
 Approximately $271 million or 83% of the cash balance is held internationally, mainly in Europe and about 72% of the total cash is denominated in dollars. 
 For the full year, we repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares for $75 million. 
 Capital spending for the quarter was $6 million or 2.9% of sales and year-to-date spending was $22.2 million or 2.8% of sales. 
 Let me move on to the guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2016. As a reminder, our first fiscal quarter is a shorter quarter due to the many holidays and has typically resulted in revenues ranging from 2% to 12% below the fourth quarter revenue of the prior fiscal year. Accordingly, we project our first fiscal 2016 quarter revenue to range from $192 million to $198 million. 
 We forecast the first quarter pro forma gross profit percentage to be in the range of 42.5% to 43% of sales, which is lower than the quarter we just ended, mainly due to a higher purchase price for neon gas resulting from a supply shortage coupled with the impact of lower volumes, a less favorable mix and the diluted impact of the recently acquired businesses. In the meantime, the neon supply shortage has eased and we expect to see margin improvement starting in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Pro forma margin, as usually, excludes intangible amortization and stock compensation costs. 
 We anticipate the first quarter pro forma period expenses to increase to approximately 27.5% to 28% of sales, mainly as a result of lower revenues. The sequential increase are primarily due to an extra month of spending for our acquisitions and the assumption of a normalized level of medical claims from our self-insured plan. These expenses are partially offset by the impact of the cost reductions we announced last quarter. And again, the guidance excludes intangible amortization and stock compensation costs. 
 Other income and expense is estimated to be immaterial. We do not include transaction gains and losses related to future changes in foreign exchange rates in our guidance. 
 We project our pro forma tax rate to be approximately 30% for the fiscal year. The increase compared to fiscal 2015 is a result of completing our tax exemption status in South Korea during fiscal 2016, a less favorable profit distribution and no reinstatement of the federal R&D tax credit. 
 We forecast our full fiscal 2015 capital spending to be approximately 4% to 5% of sales. And this includes projects that were postponed from fiscal 2015 into fiscal 2016 as well as additional building expansion and improvement projects. 
 We are assuming a weighted outstanding shares of 24.3 million for the first quarter. 
 I will now turn over the call to John Ambroseo, our President and CEO. 
John R. Ambroseo: Thanks, Leen. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our fourth fiscal quarter conference call. 
 As you've just heard, we posted some pretty good results in our fourth fiscal quarter with clear benefits from mix, warranty and fiscal discipline. I'm particularly pleased by the benefits from reduced warranty costs. A few years ago, I challenged the organization to take a quantum step in design and manufacture for reliability, which benefits both the customer and the bottom line. The value of growing of our income is clear, but we also took the opportunity to reduce the share count by repurchasing $50 million or approximately 3.5% of our common stock. We replenished the cash balance through exceptional cash generation during the quarter, thereby maintaining our flexibility on a go-forward basis. 
 Before discussing the quarterly results, I would like to offer some observations about our business in China. Thus far, the slowing Chinese economy has had a de minimis impact on our business. China continues to invest aggressively in R&D, which is reflected in sales of our scientific products. A nationally-sponsored effort to develop a domestic, high-end FPD industry has been similarly unaffected. While there have been some flutters in the instrumentation market, the trend currently remains up and to the right. Our materials processing business in China, which should be most susceptible to macroeconomic pressure, grew by 39% in fiscal '15 including a pretty strong fourth quarter. The only observable skittishness has been with mom-and-pop integrators who don't have much traction with international customers. 
 Fourth quarter bookings of $205.4 million increased 16.3% sequentially and 12.4% compared to the prior year period. The book-to-bill for the fourth quarter was 0.98. 
 Scientific orders of $33.5 million increased 15.2% sequentially and declined 1.2% compared to the prior year period. 
 We enjoyed a typical fourth quarter bounce in scientific orders. There was a good uptick in Chameleon for multiphoton imaging, especially in neuroscience where the U.S. BRAIN initiative is driving investment. By contrast, we have seen limited benefit from Europe's Human Brain Project which emphasizes computer modeling over imaging. Amplifier orders for time-resolved studies came in strong across the 3 major geographies. We continued a near-term trend of securing orders for high-performance amplifiers from multiuser free electron and accelerator facilities with the recent orders coming from European labs. Our core Astrella and Libra amplifier products also did well, particularly in the U.S. 
 Instrumentation and OEM component orders of $41.4 million increased 34.3% sequentially and 3.5% versus in the prior year period. 
 Our bioinstrumentation business has benefited from growth in personalized medicine, which has driven sales in clinical flow cytometry for our OBIS and HOPS products. We are making further strides in high-speed gene sequencing markets where the throughput requirements are out of reach for visible diodes or LEDs. Our outlook for bioinstrumentation is positive. There is a resurgence -- a modest resurgence in worldwide biopharma R&D. The passage by Congress of the 21st Century Cures Act will increase NIH funding. And while China's investment in biotech may modulate, the CAGR looks like it will maintain a 10% pace. 
 There's no shortage of long-term opportunities on the therapeutic side of the instrumentation business, although there have been some short-term inventory corrections amid consumer confidence and China concerns. We believe this as a transient effect. In terms of new opportunities, we're making steady progress in qualifying our Monaco product in various cataract platforms. Our major dental customer has sustained solid traction. A major research institution has incurred -- has achieved very encouraging results using our new CO laser for surgical procedures. And they cite absorption characteristics of CO versus CO2 as the key differentiator. 
 Microelectronics orders of $97.4 million rose 7.3% sequentially and 25% compared to the prior year period. 
 The Semicap business is being pulled in several directions seemingly at once. Service orders remain strong due to high utilization rates in most fabs. Orders for new equipment are tied to specific end user investments. These positives have been mostly offset by falling chip prices that curb investment as well as another round of consolidation of OEMs and chip makers leading to the inevitable belt-tightening. These factors are already built into our current run rate, so further downside risk is minimal. 
 Following 2 quarters of improvement, API equipment manufacturers are feeling spooked by the trend in the semi market and have adopted a more cautionary posture for legacy products. The 2 applications that appear to have legs are flex packaging and system in package, or SiP. Flex packaging, which relies on UV lasers, is used in mobile and wearable devices. Several systems manufacturers have strength in this area. And SiP has been building momentum in mobile devices and future smartphones are likely to incorporate more SiP design elements. And this will lead to an increase in ultrafast lasers for packaging. 
 The FPD market is firing on all cylinders. We received a number of new system orders in the fourth quarter from LCD fabs. These were for Linebeam 750s. This week, we received an additional orders totaling approximately $45 million for a combination of single and twin Vyper systems. These are terrific numbers, but they pale in comparison to what we see developing for OLED production. Several smartphone manufacturers have either decided to or are evaluating a shift to OLED displays in their devices. Because of nuances in the manufacturing process, production of the highest resolution OLEDs has only been achieved with Twin Vyper/Linebeam 1300 or Triple Vyper/Linebeam 1500 systems. We expect any of new OLED capacity would adhere to these standards. Our recent acquisition of Tinsley Optics provides a dedicated, cost-effective solution to help facilitate deliveries. The combination of volume and the customer's ability to qualify and ramp production lines will likely extend into fiscal 2017. Our ELA service business also performed well in the fourth quarter due to high utilization rates and lower warranty costs. 
 Material processing orders of $33.2 million were up 27.7% sequentially and 7.2% versus the prior year period. 
 We have been working to broaden our participation in the textile business, specifically for denim processing where lasers are used to create design elements including patterning, texture and color. We secured 2 volume orders for CO2 lasers that resulted in record orders for marking. Both customers have been sourcing lasers from competitors. 
 The order intake from cutting and converting was also very good including a number of projects related to consumer packaging. The level of engagement on our second-generation fiber laser is high and testing is going well. We still have work to do to become qualified for deployment with various OEMs, but we have yet to encounter any roadblocks. We still view fiscal '16 as the year for initial orders with the volume ramp occurring in fiscal '17. 
 We have 2 key objectives for fiscal 2016: capitalizing on the myriad opportunities in consumer electronics space and developing an OEM base for our new fiber laser platform. We will continue to put our balance sheet to work by growing the business and/or returning cash to shareholders. 
 We will be presenting at the Needham Conference in New York on Tuesday, January 12, 2016. And please contact Needham if you want to get on our schedule. 
 I want to acknowledge that this is Leen's penultimate conference call with us. She made me swear a blood oath not to embarrass her today, so I'll save my thoughts for the end of January when she loses any chance for retribution. I have to tell you that the reaction to our announcement has been absolutely heartwarming, and I feel like one of Derek Jeter's teammates as he took a victory lap around Major League Baseball. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Janna for the Q&A session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mark Miller with Benchmark. 
Mark Miller: Yes. I'd like to embarrass Leen, also. Leen, it's been a pleasure working with you and the best for your future endeavors. I was just wondering... 
John R. Ambroseo: She can't talk, Mark. I'll say thank you for her. 
Mark Miller: Okay. So we did a good job embarrassing her. Could you give us sales -- did you bring out sales, or did I just miss them? I'm multimode in here with several calls. 
John R. Ambroseo: Yes, we broke out sales. 
Helene Simonet: By geography or what? 
John R. Ambroseo: By geography or market, Mark, or both? 
Mark Miller: By dollar, by dollar. I got the percentages, but... 
Helene Simonet: I didn't. It is on the website. We have all the supplemental financial information on the website, but I can definitely give you the revenue if you would like on the... 
Mark Miller: No, that's okay. I can get it off the website. Like I said, I'm dealing with multiple calls simultaneously here. John, you mentioned semi, semi was -- you're insulated to a degree by your concentration on scientific. We've heard from several firms they're expecting a pause over the next couple of quarters. What's your outlook there? 
John R. Ambroseo: In semi? 
Mark Miller: In semi equipment? 
John R. Ambroseo: So what we're seeing, Mark, is sort of continued -- I would say pretty strong demand on the service side, which is reflective of the fact that the fabs are running quite hot at the moment. New investment is very limited and I'd say that customers are buying for very specific projects. They're not buying to inventory, they're not doing a lot of future planning at this point. And it's a complicated situation, right? You have a lot of pressure on pricing right now. I think the numbers on memory is down about 50% over the last year. When that happens, it tends to reduce the appetite for investment. And then you have a number of mergers and acquisitions that are taking place among chip makers and equipment manufacturers, whatever it might be, and that leads to the inevitable sort of standstill while people try to figure out exactly what's going on. For us, I think we're-- if we're not at the bottom, we're very close to the bottom on semi. And I'd say that, going forward, it's probably more towards the upside than the downside just where we are relative to the market. 
Mark Miller: From what you've said and when I've heard on another call, there was a significant shortfall in LEDs for backlighting TV. It seems like OLEDs are really at a very strong inflection point right now. Is that a correct read? And are we going from now the majority TVs will be OLED? And just wondering what, compared to 2015, what percent will be OLED coming in 2016? 
John R. Ambroseo: So there's, I'd say, there's a bit of difference here when you talk about TVs versus handsets. We do see a potential inflection in the use of OLED in handsets. And that's based on a lot of discussions that are taking place in the industry right now, some of the very well publicized. Your specific question about, I think I heard the comment that LED sales were down because TV sales were down. I don't know if it was really the impact of OLED televisions because OLED TV numbers are still very small as a percentage of being -- of the total market. It will be surprising to me if it had that much of an influence on LED sales. 
Mark Miller: Do you see that number doubling or tripling next year for the small percentage? 
John R. Ambroseo: On the TV side? 
Mark Miller: Yes. 
John R. Ambroseo: I have no visibility to comment on that. Again, our level of engagement on the TV side is still in the laboratory. It's not in the marketplace yet. 
Mark Miller: I mean, if you watch the TV, there is somebody showing off what looks to be a handheld mobile phone with an OLED screen. I forget who it was, but that's been on the TV the last week or so if you caught those commercials. 
John R. Ambroseo: I have seen it. I think it's a Moto X phone that you're referring to. It's when it's dropped to the ground, it doesn't break. Is that the one? 
Mark Miller: Right, yes. 
John R. Ambroseo: Yes. There's a very high likelihood that screen was processed on our equipment. What we're seeing specifically in the handset market is a broader adoption of OLED screens than we've seen previously. And I -- and that's probably reflective of the fact that some of the OLED manufacturers, and right now there are only 2 of them of note, are opening up beyond their own borders. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Joan Tong with Sidoti & Company. 
Joan Tong: A couple of questions. Just regarding your events packaging. You said that it's actually came back down a little bit after 2 pretty decent quarters. How should I think about, again, or what's really the timing of a cycle? But I know that in the past, there are some imbalance between supply and demand. But in a normal situation, is the cycle shorter than a year? I'm just wondering, like, what's really happening there? 
John R. Ambroseo: Well, if we look back over a long period of time, the cycles were very similar to the semi market, but with a lead lag of about 6 months. They typically kicked in about 6 months after a semi upcycle started and would trail off about 6 months after semiconductor -- after the semi cycle trough. Recently, we've seen a lot more sort of erratic behavior in that market as people have struggled with capacity shifts and market share shifts. So I don't know if I could give you an exact answer to that question, Joan, of that cycle looks like because it has been somewhat erratic. 
Joan Tong: Okay. And then how about on the, obviously, your service revenue is very strong this quarter. And that's really helped out with your gross margin. And I think, Leen, you mentioned that, like the flat panel display service revenue is actually up 5%. But year-over-year, as a total, it's like up 12%. So other than the flat panel display, what else is in there? I know semi is part of it, but what's really causing the service revenue being so strong and is this sustainable going forward? 
Helene Simonet: I mean the strength is mainly coming from flat panel display because it increased $5 million quarter-over-quarter. 
Joan Tong: Right. But on the year-over-year basis, I assume that utilization rate last year, like, in the same quarter is also very strong. So I'm just kind of gauge that on a year-over-year growth what's really causing that? 
Helene Simonet: In the first half of this fiscal year, the utilization was really lower. The utilization ticked up very much in Q3 and Q4. So on average, the increase for flat panel display was 4%, but the -- there was a step up in the second half of fiscal '16. 
Joan Tong: Okay, okay. And I assume that like in the December quarter, you would see that come down a little bit just because of the seasonality. 
Helene Simonet: We didn't forecast, definitely not an increase and I would say that our forecast probably reflects a little reduction in the service revenue. 
Joan Tong: That's fine. And then, John, questions regarding the flat panel display order, the ELA order. It seems like you're very optimistic about that. And I think you mentioned there's additional $45 million order. What's your expectation going forward? Like, also taking into consideration of the shift from 750 to more of the larger format. And how should we think about it in 2016? 
John R. Ambroseo: Sure. So the $45 million in orders that I referenced are actually already in-hand. They were subsequent events because they booked just in the last week or so. We do see a high level of -- or we are having a very high level of engagement with customers to talk about how to drive capacity expansion. And it is going to be related to what kind of products they want to manufacture. If indeed the shift is towards OLEDs, those are going to be for either Twin or Triple Vyper systems. If you look at the progression of a 750 to a 1000 or 1300 or 1500, the price points are about $4.5 million to $5 million for a 750 depending on the exact configuration. A 1000 or 1300, they're roughly the same price range. They're probably $10 million to $11 million; and then the 1500 is a $20 million product. 
Joan Tong: Okay. And John, just lastly. Any read in terms of like how we should think about 2016 as a full year? I know that you're reluctant to give full year guidance maybe at this point, but just kind of early read, also think about the macro factor into macro environment that we are in right now? 
John R. Ambroseo: Sure. I'm not surprised by the question, Joan. I was surprised that it didn't come sooner. The thing that's a little bit difficult for us at this point to project on '16 is what the volume and mix of these ELA orders will be. Because the price points are so different, they can actually drive the numbers in a pretty significant way. And as a consequence, I feel like any number I put out there is going to be suspect because I don't have a good enough read on what the mix is right now. The sense is that for display, and to an extent consumer electronics, there are some very attractive opportunities out there, which should support a pretty nice growth model. But I'm not going to jump into yet, because there's a lot of moving pieces. As far as other things that affects '16, I have to tell you that I've been pleased -- surprised and pleased by how well the business in China has held up. There were -- was, again, a lot of uncertainty. Through the end of fiscal '15, it had really a minimal impact for us. Could that change to the worse? Obviously, yes. But it has held up pretty well so far and that would be the big concern that I would have is how demand in China, both direct demand and international capacity affects that business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Newton with Stifel. 
Patrick Newton: Leen, congratulations on the well-deserved retirement. It's been a pleasure working with you. So to continue the focus on the OLED commentary and the FPD commentary. Can you walk us through how important it is that you vertically integrated this large format optic supplier? I understand that they were shuttering the business, but it seems like it's relatively core to obviously what you did -- to what Coherent does. But are there any margin implications for either initial shipments or for your LDU business that are positive stemming from you vertically integrating this business? 
John R. Ambroseo: So the answer is yes, there are positive margin implications. There are -- on the initial shipment, there is no impact on the LDU because you don't replace these optics as a part of a service event. They're very long-lived devices. And I know I can imagine your next question is, how much of the benefit is it? And the answer is until we've manufactured a bunch of them under our own mantle, again, it's going to be difficult to tell you that number. But it's -- it will give us a positive uplift, I think when we ship out of that factory. 
Patrick Newton: Okay. And then, I guess, on typing the OLED and included bullishness on the mobile devises. I'm curious on -- just ask maybe that TV question a little bit differently. There are some Korean panel vendors that have talked about increasing investments for OLED production in TVs. They've talked about targeting niche high-end markets and quantify 4 million to 5 million OLED TV units per year. And I think that you even discussed having production at full swing to target this market in calendar year 2017. So I realized that's still some time away, but I would assume earlier you said that OLED TV is still on the lab relative to this, just talking about kind of getting off the ground. Is there -- I guess, I just wondered how OLED TV is already being produced or and then I've been -- I assume they're being produced with your equipment. And then, 2, is -- with this opportunity, is this something that you are aware of looking at? And I know that unit volumes aren't necessarily huge, but this is a square inch of glass type of game and I imagine it would we still be relatively substantial at that $3 million to $4 million unit type of run rate. 
John R. Ambroseo: Sure. So the -- as far as I know, Patrick, there's only one manufacturer that's shipping OLED televisions right now, and that's LG. And they do not use an LTPS process to make those TVs. We're engaged with other companies that are looking at OLED television and some of them may in fact use LTPS-backplanes. But the current product that is in the market from LG does not use our equipment. 
Patrick Newton: Okay, that's helpful. And then just circling back to the FPD service revenue being up 4% year-over-year. It seems like you're relatively low number given the accelerating installed base. So is that due to lower-than-anticipated utilization of the installed base? Or if recall, is that a function of some cost-savings you passed on to customers that I think was quantified at about $8 million to $10 million, but I guess, if that makes sense, John? 
John R. Ambroseo: Patrick, you're correct that -- I think it was up about a year ago, we mentioned that we had taken some costs out of the service model and we'd pass those onto the customer. And that we would have to grow the service business by $8 million to $10 million before we started to see absolute growth in service. So that's all. That changes baked into the numbers. 
Patrick Newton: So your, call it, organic service growth rate for FPD is not really 3% year-over-year. It'd be more like 8%, if we normalize for the cost savings? 
John R. Ambroseo: Yes, I hate doing that math. Yes, you could do that way, but our service business grew by 4%. 
Patrick Newton: Okay. And then on semi, you addressed some of the consolidation trends impacting the market. You talked about -- I think you said belt-tightening is going to be the result. But then I think you also made a comment that this trend is largely being baked into your own expectations. And I'm curious as to how you can have comfort that any fallout from consolidation trends can be fully understood at this point given I would imagine that it still quite a large unknown. 
John R. Ambroseo: So when I look at it from the standpoint of our business, part of the business judgment that goes into that is how likely is it for our products to be impacted by a consolidation? And in one case, one of our customers is being acquired, but they're being acquired by someone who doesn't have a footprint in the same space. So is it likely to have an impact on our business or are the synergies that they seek to extract is going to come from other places? And the answer on that one, I think, is they come from other places. If there is consolidation on the chip makers, could that have an impact on the business? Yes, it could, to the extent that they can eliminate or consolidate fabs. But we haven't seen as much of that yet in the grand scheme of things. 
Patrick Newton: Okay. And just last one, somewhat of a pointed question I guess on fiber lasers. You have your next-generation laser that I think has been out for about 5 months now. You talked about some traction as far as demos and strong customer interest. But bluntly, do you think Coherent will be large player in the fiber laser market? Or do you see Coherent being more of a fringe player that can pick up tens of millions of annual revenue that's beneficial to you, but not necessarily a big dent in the broader fiber laser materials processing market? 
John R. Ambroseo: I think -- I've said the same thing for a while that our initial goal is to pick up about $100 million in high-power materials processing, which is a combination of fiber lasers, direct diode and high-power CO2. That outlook hasn't changed. We -- I don't think we ever positioned ourselves to become the lead player in this market, at least not right out of the gate. 
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue. I will turn the call back over to John Ambroseo for any additional or closing remarks. 
John R. Ambroseo: Thanks, everyone, for participating, and we'll talk to you in a few months. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-15 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - VP, Investor Relations Mark Frey - EVP, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Mark Thompson - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Chris Caso - Susquehanna Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Christopher Rolland - FBR & Co Tristan Gerra - Baird John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Steve Smigie - Raymond James Dean Grumlose - Stifel Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Fairchild Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder that today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Janson: Good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild's third quarter 2015 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's Chairman, President and CEO, and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we'll be attending the Morgan Stanley Semiconductor and Semicap Equipment Corporate Access Day on November 9, and the Raymond James Technology Investors Conference on December 9 in New York City, as well as the Credit Suisse TMT conference on December 2 in Scottsdale. I also want to point out that we've improved our tracking of sales by end market segments that we publish on our Investor Relations website every quarter. You will note some changes in the data, as well as a new category titled enterprise computing and telecom that replaces the computing category and better reflects the primary applications for our products. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our third quarter financial results and discuss the current status of fourth-quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets, and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes, and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website, at FairchildSemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we feel they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with the GAAP measures that we also provide. You'll find our reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website, at Investor.FairchildSemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors, including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now, I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. For the third quarter of 2015, Fairchild reported sales of $342 million, down 4% sequentially and 10% from the third quarter of 2014. Distribution sell-through was weaker than seasonal, and we reduced our shipments into the channel accordingly, which was the primary cause of our sales decline in the third quarter. Adjusted gross margin was up 90 basis points from the prior quarter to 34.1%, due primarily to lower manufacturing costs and improved product mix. R&D and SG&A expenses were $88 million, down 12% from the prior quarter, due to spending controls, seasonal factors, and the impact of the expense reduction program we announced in the quarter. Roughly $2 million of the sequential reduction was due to a one-time bonus and equity compensation accrual reversal for the employees impacted by our workforce reductions. Recall that we forecast completing the previously-announced actions to reduce operating expense by the middle of this quarter. Third-quarter adjusted net income was $23 million, and adjusted EPS was $0.20. The adjusted tax expense was $4 million for the quarter. Now, I'd like to review our third-quarter sales and gross margin performance for our two major business segments. Sales were up 7% from the prior quarter for our Analog, Power and Signal Solutions segment, or APSS, due to higher mobile demand and modestly higher consumer sales. APSS adjusted gross margin increased to 43%, due primarily to lower manufacturing costs, higher sales, and a more favorable product mix. In our Switching Power Solutions segment, or SPS, revenue was 8% lower sequentially, as seasonally lower sales in the appliance and auto markets, plus incremental weakness in China, were partially offset by stronger demand from the enterprise computing and telecom sectors. Adjusted gross margin decreased to 31%, due primarily to lower factory loadings and sales. Turning to our balance sheet, internal inventory increased by 5% sequentially to 123 days, as we reduced our shipments planned late in the quarter, and build inventory to support expected higher mobile demand in the fourth quarter. We expect to reduce our internal inventory in the fourth quarter, which along with lower demand, will impact factory utilization. We forecast this to have an unfavorable impact on gross margin in the fourth quarter, as well as the first quarter of 2016. Days of sales outstanding or DSOs increased to 42 days, and payables increased to 49 days. Free cash flow was a negative $9 million for the third quarter, due to cash restructuring expenses of $33 million, and the increase in internal inventory. In the fourth quarter, we expect to spend approximately $25 million in remaining cash restructuring expenses, including severance costs for the recently-announced OpEx reduction program. We repurchased 2.4 million shares of our stock for $35 million during the quarter, and reduced our share count by 5% from the year-ago quarter. We ended the third quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $47 million. Turning now to forward guidance, we expect sales to be in the range of $320 million to $335 million for the fourth quarter. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 32.5% to 33.5%, due primarily to lower factory utilization and sales, partially offset by improved manufacturing costs. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $88 million to $90 million, due primarily to normal seasonality, and the impact of the previously-announced operating expense reduction program. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 12%, plus or minus 3 percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce fourth-quarter results. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark Thompson: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We increased sales for our mobile, enterprise computing and telecom products during the quarter while reducing our distribution channel inventory dollars sequentially. Demand was in line with our revised forecast during the third quarter, reflecting weakness from Asia and especially China in the industrial, appliance and consumer markets. Sales for our automotive products were seasonally lower in the third quarter, but are tracking for another year of solid growth. We completed the remaining factory closures during the third quarter to improve our manufacturing cost structure. We also announced that we streamlined our leadership structure, which will significantly reduce operating expenses. These are structural cost reductions and are designed to improve profitability and cash flow at current revenue levels. I will begin today with a review of the current demand environment, and our perspective on the fourth quarter. I'll wrap up with a discussion of how we're managing the business in the current environment. Let's begin by looking at the demand environment. We grew third-quarter sales of our mobile products in support of new model launches by leading customers. We also benefited from increasing content for a variety of battery charging, voltage regulation, and signal path solutions on these new models. We expect mobile sales to continue growing sequentially in the fourth quarter as we ramp our shipments to support these new phones. Looking forward, we believe Fairchild is very well positioned to increase content and drive higher sales in the mobile market in 2016. Sales into the enterprise computing and telecom end markets were also sequentially higher in the third quarter. We are benefiting from the ramp in server production, driven by the latest Intel architecture. Fairchild is also gaining content in a number of telecom applications, with high performance discrete and integrated power management solutions. We expect to steadily grow this business, as these markets drive for greater power efficiency. Turning to the automotive market, demand was seasonally lower in the third quarter, but expected to strengthen in the fourth and are on track for a good sales growth in 2015. We are a leader in providing power management solutions that enable add advanced ignition, the fuel injection and electronic power steering technologies which increase fuel efficiency while improving cost of ownership. We expect continued strong sales growth for this business in 2016. Sales into the industrial and appliance end markets were sequentially lower in the third quarter, due to normal seasonality, coupled with lower demand from China. Demand in the US and Europe remain strong. We expect the weakness in China to persist through the fourth quarter, as customers remain cautious and in turn further reduce inventory. Putting this all together, let me explain how we're managing in the current environment. Given the economic uncertainty, we're focused on managing the elements of the business we can control, such as keeping lead times short and inventories well positioned to better support our customers. Our ability to book and turn new orders is excellent, and allows us to be very responsive. We were able to rapidly respond to orders late in Q3, and are even better positioned this quarter. Distribution sell-through or point of sale decreased by about 2% sequentially in the third quarter, which is below the typical seasonal growth of about 2% positive. In China, if we exclude a few one-time new program events, POS was down 5% from the prior quarter. This is far below normal seasonality. We have worked closely with our distribution partners to tightly control inventory, and ended the third quarter with a reduction in channel inventory dollars. This keeps our channel quite lean and positions us well to benefit quickly from any improvement in demand. Finally, we're improving the cost structure of the Company. During the third quarter, we completed the last steps of our factory consolidation project, and are down to a small crew of employees at the closed sites working to decommission the facilities and prepare them for sale. We also announced a significant streamlining of our leadership structure that is expected to result in annual OpEx savings of $30 million to $34 million per year. Our third-quarter results and fourth-quarter guidance reflect partial benefits of these programs, and we expect the full impact to be apparent in early 2016. In closing, while we are currently managing through a period of economic uncertainty, I am confident that the actions we've taken this year will position Fairchild to excel in the future. We expect to emerge from 2015 as a substantially leaner more focused Company able to generate higher earnings and cash flow, even at current revenue levels. We're well-positioned to grow our sales into mobile, automotive, enterprise computing, and telecom end markets in 2016. When the Chinese economic environment stabilizes, we also expect to see continued growth for our products, serving the appliance and industrial end markets. Thank you, and I'll turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks, Mark. We'll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks, and let's take the first question, please.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore : Hi, guys. Thanks a lot. May I ask the question? I guess the first one is a little bit separate from the quarter itself, but there was some news reports yesterday about M&A potential that may or may not involve you. I'm wondering if you had any comments, either specifically or in a more general sense, on the quite active M&A market in semis right now.
Mark Thompson: Sure, Ross. Thanks for letting us get this out up front. So as you know, no company ever comments on this stuff, and we're not going to today. We're here to talk about Q3 and our current business.
Ross Seymore : Okay. That's kind of what I expected. So let's get onto the Q3 and the current business, then. I guess talking about the gross margin, and as far as it's related to inventory, can you talk a little bit about the magnitude of how much you expect to bring the inventory down, and how long that lower utilization is likely to weigh on the gross margin? People are excited about the cost cuts that you put into place, but it seems like we're not really seeing them come through, due to the revenue environment. So I'm wondering when we're actually going to start to see those.
Mark Frey: Sure. First of all, the cost reductions do come through. Unfortunately, they're on a lower business base than when we originally presented their projections. But we expect to, over time, get the inventory back into the 100 day, 110 day range, over the fourth and first quarter. I think we'll probably still be modestly reducing the costs next year, simply because a component of the build ahead were parts related to the factory close-down, and we allowed ourselves about a four-quarter runway for those. But they also tend to be parts that are made externally, so they wouldn't have the kind of income statement leverage that you would normally think of, when a company reduces inventory.
Mark Thompson: Ross, let me add a few more elements to Mark's remarks. So we are currently significantly under-building, so the biggest increment would come in the fourth quarter. We would expect -- and that's obviously reflected in our current estimates. By the first quarter, we will need to get back to building to consumption. And so if you look at the impact of this, we would typically see it roughly spread across fourth and the first quarters approximately equally. And then you'd see the benefits then of the full model, A, when the plants are running at consumption, and then B, when there's transitional impacts associated with these things. They don't occur instantaneously as period expenses. Think similar impact to Q1 as Q4, and then completely done by the end of Q1.
Ross Seymore : So pretty much a 1 point drop again in 1Q and then what you're building in 1Q will help 2Q, the utilization?
Mark Thompson: No, think – I think a good approximation, obviously it's an approximation, is we would expect Q1 to be similar to Q4.
Ross Seymore : From a gross margin perspective?
Mark Thompson: From a gross margin perspective.
Ross Seymore : Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So normal POS in Q3 is up 2%. I think the team planned for flat. It came down 2% sequentially. What are your POS historical trends for the fourth quarter, and what's embedded in your guidance? I'm just trying to gauge the level of conservatism in the team's outlook here.
Mark Thompson: So the normal POS in the fourth quarter is down 2% to 3%. And so we have reflected a seasonal drop to POS in the fourth quarter.
Harlan Sur: Got it. Okay. Great. And then auto, looks like auto was down about 4% sequentially in Q3, which I think is maybe a bit more than seasonal. Any geographic trends you can talk about? Obviously, there's been a lot of concern around the China automotive segment, and auto does tend to take a step down seasonally in Q4. But it seems like the team is guiding up for the fourth quarter, so if you can just help us understand some of the dynamics that are driving this?
Mark Thompson: I don't have the numbers in front of me. I believe that the step-down in the third quarter was more like 2%. And it was mostly a result of some timing things, which were originally thought to land at the end of the third quarter, and wound up landing at the beginning of the fourth quarter. And so that's really the -- that's the picture. It's really some very local timing effects of some programs. We haven't seen any impact of the China softness in our general automotive business yet, anyway. So --
Harlan Sur: Appreciate the insights. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Caso with Susquehanna.
Chris Caso: Yes, good morning. Just a general question on overall business conditions. Based on your commentary, it looked like the biggest area of incremental weakness as you go into the fourth quarter is the industrial and appliance business. I guess if you could talk to us about how you'd characterize that business, do you see that business still getting incrementally worse, and therefore, kind of hard to call stability there? And then with regard to the rest of the business, if you characterize that as stable, improving, getting worse, or maybe you just don't have visibility right now.
Mark Thompson: The way I would characterize it is that the industrial and appliance businesses is normal all around the world, except for the combination of Korea and China, which are very closely coupled, as I think you know well. And that was quite weak in the third quarter, and we're expecting another similar kind of weakness in the fourth quarter. One of the things we pay close attention to is, so it's weak, but we know that customers and distributors are taking down inventory, right? So people are producing below consumption, and that gives me some confidence. Again, I can't predict the China economy, but it's always a good sign when people are taking inventory out as opposed to the business is down, and inventory is remaining unchanged. So that's why, based on that, we think the most likely scenario, assuming there's not another leg down on the China economy, which most people don't think is the likely case, is that this will be a two-quarter phenomenon. And that most of the inventory correction will be done by the fourth quarter, and then you'll start to see life come back second half of Q1, after Chinese New Year.
Chris Caso: Okay. Just a follow-up with regard to the OpEx, any OpEx cuts. You mentioned that some of the cuts were already reflected in the fourth-quarter guidance. You talked about reversing some bonus accruals there. Taking the full impact of the annual reduction in OpEx for next year, I guess it runs an average something around $8 million a quarter, how much of that is already reflected in the Q4 numbers, and then what should we be taking out of our prior estimates for next year?
Mark Thompson: So what I think you can comfortably do is, if you look at Q1, Q1 OpEx will be pretty similar to Q4 OpEx. So in other words, the programs -- the biggest chunk of the OpEx reduction programs were triggered, about two-thirds of it were triggered by the end of the -- right at the end of the third quarter. And then there's a longer tail that's being triggered across the fourth quarter, as certain programs are wound down, and that kind of thing. So a large portion -- so all of the improved OpEx in Q3 were spend control and accrual relief. The benefits you see in Q4 are expense control, plus a much better, but not fully reflected, cost structure. Then normally in Q1, you see a little bit of seasonal increase from seasonal taxes and stuff like that, FICA turns back on, et cetera. And so - but we will then essentially be at the new run rate, with all the costs fully reflected by the end of the fourth quarter. So based on that, we would expect Q1 OpEx to be roughly flat with Q4 OpEx.
Chris Caso: Seasonally, typically your OpEx is a bit lower in the second half of the year, because of some of those factors you mentioned. And that would be still the expectation for next year off of those Q1 levels; right?
Mark Thompson: Yes, I think so.
Chris Caso: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Thanks. Following up on some of the restructuring cost initiatives, Mark, if you could just give some context in terms of -- we know for the industry outside of just a cyclical influence, growth has slowed. So how you're level setting in terms of where you see it most appropriate to spend, and what position that puts you in as businesses recover?
Mark Thompson: So if you look at the structural things that we did, the things that we felt were sound investments based on tangible returns over a period of time, we retained in full. And so if you look at the places like our datacom power management, our server power management, our leading customer mobile power management solutions, our automotive power management solutions, things like that were retained completely as we went through this. What we did is we looked for -- we did our own economies of scale in our discrete business, and so whereas we had run that before as a series of specialty discrete businesses, which often chase cost reductions un-fruitfully, if you look -- did your analytics over time. So what we did is we raised the bar a lot on cost reductions. We were doing fewer of those on those devices. We've consolidated the process technology R&D, and so that's all one organization now. And we have one big discrete organization today that does from the very lowest voltage to the very highest voltage solutions, run by Marion Limmer. And Marion is the one that put us on the map for the automotive business, a very, very strong P&L manager. And so that's the construct that we put together, which cuts across about two-thirds of our business, and that's really where we've driven scale and efficiencies in the latest restructuring.
Craig Hettenbach: Helpful. Thanks. And then maybe just shifting gears to growth. You mentioned some optimism around 2016 growth drivers. I know you've had some momentum recently in the data center side, certainly some parts of mobile. Anything you could add to that in terms of anecdotes, or just your visibility into the design pipeline that gives you confidence that you can sustain some of those growth drivers?
Mark Thompson: So yes, I mean, they tend to be longer term programs, right? So we have good long-term visibility into automotive programs, not as much in the appliance, but in the industrial programs. The key mobile customers, if you look at a couple of the key players, one in the US, one or two in China, they have very ambitious road maps, Type-C is going everywhere. And so if you look at that -- and then the thing that's been weighing on that is the big decline of the latest big share loser, right, where we were pretty heavily penetrated. I guess the blood's pretty much all out of the patient now. It can't be much of a headwind as we head into 2016.
Craig Hettenbach: Got you. Just a quick follow-up on the data center side, in particular, as you mentioned, it's long cycle, but just how you're positioned in that particular segment?
Mark Thompson: We really like our position across both the standard server implementation, which is a big part of the market, as well as the custom data center server of the Google’s and the Facebooks, and so forth. So we have a footprint in both places.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Christopher Rolland with FBR & Co.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys, thanks for the question, If I look year-over-year, your revenues are down basically less than $10 million here, but your gross margins are really only up 60 basis points, even as we work through this whole restructuring here. Also, your APS segment has really mixed up here, and they contain higher gross margins there. So I'm really -- I guess I'm -- I don't know why it's only 60 basis points here. I'm not understanding why there's not more here. Is there something that we're missing? Is there a pricing issue, particularly in SPS? I just can't connect the dots.
Mark Frey: So a few things. Number one, we started the year in Q1 at slightly below 32%, which was an echo from the inventory reductions that we did in the fourth quarter. And in a year where you're closing the factories, although obviously, we've charged a lot of expense to restructuring, related to the factory closures, there's still a lot of expenses that are not properly reflected as restructuring that are in our operating results that are holding down. So for example, the Salt Lake facility was half full in Q2, and so that restrained the profitability there. Going forward, obviously the footprint is clean now. We'll have -- we still have personnel in both sites doing the decommissioning, et cetera. They'll all be gone by the beginning of next year, and in a sense, the next year will be the first really pure time. Now, in your specific question, there's pockets of pricing in SPS, in places like appliance, but most of the business, I don't think we see anything really much different on a pricing standpoint.
Christopher Rolland: Okay. Maybe we can talk about the gross margin progression from here, then. Is there anything left from the restructuring that we have, and is gross margin pretty much dependent now on revenue level and product mix? Are there any other levers that you can pull on gross margin?
Mark Frey: The basic restructuring program is concluded. So we won't have any leftover costs when we go into next year. And we think that we still expect to see favorable mix improvement. We always have cost reductions so as we consolidate with our subcons, we will work on pricing negotiations, et cetera. In Bucheon, where we're running new parts, you get a learning effect, which deals with yield and throughput, et cetera. So when you net all that, if we're operating at these kind of low 330 range, we think that would translate based on the cost progress to a 33% to 34% profile. When we get back up to the 350 or so, we think that drives a 35% plus.
Christopher Rolland: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good morning. Given that a lot of your peers did not preannounce, my assumption is that you were just more responsive than a lot of other companies adjusting POP in the face of point of sales weaker than expected. If this is true, and assuming that you're not losing market share, what do you think the inventory increase is in the channel from your peers that haven't preannounce, that are reporting on a sell-in basis? Are you seeing a lot of inventory increase at this piece as a result?
Mark Thompson: Tristan, that's a really very -- that's actually an impossible question for me to answer, because I just don't -- I don't have the books obviously of our competitors. But what I could do is I could tell you what it would have looked like if we had managed differently, right? So if you look at the bridge, we took channel inventory down total in the third quarter between $5 million and $10 million. So if we had just allowed ship-in to occur, so if we had done that, we would have been at the low end of our guidance range, but we would have built the channel by a bunch, at least $10 million. And so it could have been worse than that, right? So depending on how much you allow it to simply go. So I don't -- my belief is -- and again, we've been very clear that this is a China phenomenon. So the more China exposure you have, I think the more sensitive you are to the trend. So I would think that if you kept -- if you have a significant portion of your business in China, and you decided to just keep to your original guidance as the POS rolled off, the equivalent would have been $10 million to $20 million channel increase and again, we just approached it very aggressively. And so what that means is that we'll be sick shorter time than if we hadn't approached it aggressively. So that's the difference. But I think if you took that, you could then scale it to somebody else and if all those assumptions were true, I think it might allow you to create an estimate.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. That's actually very useful. Also, in the Q&A I think I've heard you mention that from a gross margin perspective, we should expect Q1 to be similar with Q4, and you did mention that there was some decommissioning expenses in Q4 that won't be recurring in Q1. So that gross margin flattish assumption, what type of seasonal decline, or are you expecting a below seasonal decline, given that you will be under shipping [real demand] in Q1 at the top line?
Mark Thompson: Tristan, I think you landed on the key point, which is it's actually more -- the bigger moving part is not the revenue expectation. It's how much remaining inventory adjustment you need to do. And so we are under-producing by some number like $20 million a quarter right now. And so we would expect that normal revenue seasonality over the recent years has been -- Q1 has been roughly flat, up or down a little bit to Q4, so that's not the big swinger here. If China stays very soft in early next year, then we may choose to continue the inventory reduction. If it shows signs that the inventory correction is completing in the fourth quarter, then we'll be turning the factories back on closer, or even above consumption to support demand. And that's the thing that we're not obviously ready to call yet, and don't need to call it yet.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. So the gross margin impact from the decommissioning that won't recur in Q1, that's happening in Q4, how should I quantify that?
Mark Frey: I think, Tristan, there's a number of puts and takes as you go from any quarter and that's one of them. When we say, think roughly flat, it's the net of a number of things. Because remember, some things go against us, like in the US, we have to start paying FICA taxes for employees, people go on vacation less often, et cetera. So I wouldn't put the decommissioning at a status that's different than any of the other puts and takes.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess, Mark Thompson, a little bit curious you how you're thinking about mobile beyond the December quarter. Because clearly despite the growth headwinds in the industrial and the implied space you've got sequential growth in September, you said in the prepared comments you expect it to be up again in December. I'm wondering how much of that do you think is just timing of builds of new products, new flagship launches, and we should expect some seasonality into the March quarter? And how much of that is just you think more structural, you're gaining content, share, that's a little bit more sustainable than just a two quarter period.
Mark Thompson: So I think there's both elements are present. Certainly, there is one leading customer that's doing a big build in the fourth quarter. We would expect them to pull back some in Q1. That's normal seasonality. On the other hand, the China Mobile component has gotten more significant for us, and their Q1 is the US's Q4. If you look at the way that typically plays out, smartphones are typically a Chinese New Year gift, and so forth. So I think the seasonality will be less muted, but I think - and also, somewhat offset by continued gains, especially places like Type-C and adaptive charging we see continuing to put increasing content. So I don't think we're going to see like a big bubble and then a pullback for mobile. We feel pretty confident, at least looking across 2016, that at the players, one big US, two big China, are pretty well positioned to keep their share, and the big correction we've taken in one other player is fairly well complete. So I'm expecting it to be fairly steady and strong across 2016, if you net all that out.
John Pitzer: That's helpful, Mark. Mark, in the past, you've given us at least some qualitative commentary around linearity of bookings, and relative to the midpoint of the current quarter guide how much is booked, how much is turns. I guess when you look at the profile of the December quarter and the guidance you gave, can you help me understand turns dependency versus what's already been booked?
Mark Thompson: One of the things that's always interesting about this business is no one year is ever like another year. I always have to refigure the trends. One of the things that we saw as the business softened is that people went much toward -- more toward turns business. And so that's been the big focus that we've had, is modeling the pattern of the turns business, and figuring out how to carry die bank [ph] to be as nimble and adaptive as possible. So certainly, if you look at the fill rate and our backlog position, it's very consistent with the top half of our revenue range, but it does depend on the turns fill rate to continue to be quite high, which it was in the third quarter. In fact, escalated across the third quarter. It turned up quite sharply, actually, in September. So that's the way -- and that's actually normal, right? People get cautious and then only buy what they really need and I think that's -- so it's all consistent with the market and normally when things start to strengthen, you see people more willing to put more backlog in, and less reliant on turns business. But we think the fourth quarter will kind of look like the third in that regard.
John Pitzer: Can I sneak one last one in for Mark Frey? Mark, just relative to the question about gross margins in December year over year, how much of that is explained by utilization, and the fact that last years you were in inventory building mode as you were planning shutdowns, and this year you're in inventory depletion mode?
Mark Frey: We still built inventory in, obviously, Q3, so we have to deal with that in Q4. And that has an impact, as I said earlier, the decommissioning costs have a bit of an impact in Q4. So I think it's the normal timing of how utilization hits the P&L. It does hit with a little lag, so some of the inefficiencies of the shutdown were in the Q3, and those costs really flow into cost of goods sold in Q4. And that's why we guided the margins down again.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Steve Smigie: Great. Thanks a lot guys. Just a quick question on the tax rate. At the 12%, should we be thinking that's the rate going forward or is it more 14%-ish? How should we think about tax?
Mark Frey: I could give you a long discourse on that, but we have valuation allowances in the two place -- or the three places where we own our technology, the US, Korea, and Bermuda. So we're highly leveraged to -- when income goes up -- to tax rate. But we pay about $4 million per quarter as the entitlement tax for our distribution entities like Hong Kong, et cetera, and our sites, in the sense they have a guaranteed income tax. That's in the very low $2 million to $4 million per quarter. So if you've got income in the $20 million range, you end up with, in our case we had 14% adjusted earnings. If you go higher than that, you would actually be leveraged to a lower tax rate. So obviously we - it's really hard to predict that, because there's always a lot of special items in taxes. So as you can see, we typically keep our guidance to 12%, plus or minus 3%, unless we see some sort of structural change happening.
Steve Smigie: Okay. Fair enough. And then just on the continued industrial weakness, just trying to get some sense of what's really weak. Obviously the China white goods, but what outside of that is weak? Just trying to contrast a little bit with Linear yesterday, who saw China not as bad. So I'm just trying to narrow down which -- maybe you have different exposures. And then just finally, just a housekeeping item. On the OpEx for, say, Q1, is that flat plus the FICA? So dollar-wise it's maybe up $1 million or whatever it is, to cover FICA? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: Dollar wise it's flat.
Steve Smigie: Okay.
Mark Thompson: So if you look at the weakness, again, I don't -- I do suspect that Linear has different concentrations in China than we do and so -- but if you look at things -- the places you'd expect it to be weak, it's weak. So white goods are at the epicenter of it, very tied to housing. Housing is in a big correction. There's no surprise there. Then there's miscellaneous industrial equipment. We have a significant presence, for example, in welding. Welding equipment has been weak and that normally ties to people building more or less, right? So that's, again, not a surprise. And then general power supplies that go into -- everything that plugs into the wall has a power supply, all manner of test equipment, you name it. That's also been soft. So those -- if you just sample across that, that will map the stuff that's been weak, and that, in China, is what's been weak. Those equivalent things in the rest of the world have done just fine.
Steve Smigie: Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin Cassidy from Stifel.
Dean Grumlose: Hi. This is Dean Grumlose calling in for Kevin. Last quarter, you mentioned an expectation that China LTE base station deployments would resume in the fourth quarter. Can you provide an update for this market, and your expectation?
Mark Thompson: Yes, our expectation is that it's not going to turn back on in the fourth quarter, that the latest talk we hear from the various players in that space from China is that it's likely to not resume until Q1, and that's reflected in our outlook. So if it does -- they maybe start to turn on at the end of Q4. We're assuming its dead through Q4 and doesn't come back until Q1.
Dean Grumlose: As a follow-up, can you provide some color on your exposure to PCs and tablets in the sense of -- we're seeing a shipment forecast go down. I'm wondering if you have content and share gains that may be offsetting that softer outlook, and how we should view that?
Mark Thompson: With the exception of one specialty notebook and tablet maker, we have essentially no content in standard notebooks, so we are not very sensitive to it.
Dean Grumlose: Thank you very much. That's very helpful.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, good morning. First question, you touched on this a bit earlier, but previously your gross margin goal of 37% to 40% was predicated on $1.5 billion or more of revenues, and with your pre-announcement I know you alluded to the fact you're trying to get to that margin target at a lower level, but do you have a new revenue figure to be able to hit the 37% gross margin?
Mark Frey: The calculation would be the same. So it would be in the [37%, 37.5%] range, combined with some mix progression.
Mark Thompson: Our mix, current mix is probably better than it was when we made those revenue projections, but we're confident that those are still -- it's still that, or better.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. But would you be able to I guess hit -- I guess a follow-up question, just on the share buyback. How are you viewing that right now, knowing that you have a large cash restructuring cost in the fourth quarter?
Mark Thompson: We have already purchased north of $100 million of -- so we've been on track to the targets that we put out for people, when we put the program together at the beginning of the year. We always adjust across the quarter in response to a variety of things, right? To your point, we're sensitive to cash in the US, cash generated in the US, minimum cash balances in the US, the share price, so we're still very - there's no change in our policies, and the puts and takes remain as they are, as they've been all year, so.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Christopher Rolland with FBR & Co.
Christopher Rolland: Hi, guys. Just some housekeeping items. If you could talk about disty channel inventory, book-to-bill, backlog, and any comments on linearity?
Mark Thompson: Well, we commented that channel for the third quarter was down the $5 million to $10 million range, so that, I guess, is that piece. As we saw in the third quarter that we moved to a larger turns model, book-to-bill is only predictive if you're not seeing shifts between entering backlog and turns, and so we're in a fairly heavy turns or heavier turns model right now, while the market is a bit squishy, and we expect that. So again, if it remains roughly -- if the ratio remains roughly constant for the fourth quarter, and we expect that it will, then that will -- it's very consistent with the way we've guided our quarter. And we would expect then if Q4 is the last quarter of significant inventory correction and such, then we would expect to begin Q1 and then Q2, with relatively more starting backlog and relatively lower expectation of turns. That's a cycle that we've seen now play out over a period of time.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks.
Operator: And we have a question from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a couple quick follow-ups. On the disty trend as well, I think, Mark Thompson, I heard you say that you expect POS to be normal or seasonal in the fourth quarter. I was just wondering why would that go from being subseasonal for two quarters back to seasonal given what you said about inventory burn, et cetera?
Mark Thompson: Because it is an inventory correction and inventory corrections don't last for more than a few quarters. So the take is less than the ship, right? So those things -- so we keep an eye on that, and we expect -- so it is -- we do forecast it to be seasonally down, right? So that's baked into our model. But it's down off a pretty low number. So those things always eventually reverse.
Ross Seymore: Got you. So it's more about coming off a low base after two quarters than any sort of optimism going forward?
Mark Thompson: Exactly. So Q2 was subseasonal, Q3 was subseasonal, and so that can only run for so long. So again, we pay really close attention to, are they making and shipping stuff, and they are definitely taking less than they're making and shipping. So that can only run for a finite number of quarters, and so we think it's a reasonable estimate.
Ross Seymore: And then I guess the final clarification was just on the gross margin being flat in the first quarter. Is your utilization expected to drop again in the fourth quarter in order to bring the inventory down? And if so, doesn't that raise costs structurally? I guess there could be a bunch of one-off offsets to that to the positive side, but from a utilization perspective alone would that be a headwind to 1Q gross margins?
Mark Thompson: The current assumption reflects all that. As Mark commented, there's a whole bunch of puts and takes. There's some fixed costs that get better in Q1, and then there's -- there is to your point, some underutilization charges that appear in Q1. Our expectation is we certainly can't - would not expect to run this far below consumption two quarters in a row. We normally find ourselves in a situation, we attack hard, early, and then we can back off a bit. So all those things wind up being spread across the two quarters and that's why we view them as a matched set. But the blocks that get you there are different.
Ross Seymore: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our final question today from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, thanks for letting me ask the follow-up. Mark Thompson, we're a couple quarters now into Infineon having bought IRF. At least early on in that integration, it presented some opportunities I think you took advantage of, as they were having some integration issues. I'm just curious, some of the near term share gains you got when that merger occurred, were you able to sustain those? Or help me understand from your perspective, how that played out.
Mark Thompson: So probably the spot that's clearest to analyze and understand, and therefore to talk about, has been in the server space. And so there was a clear need for an additional player to give a robust supply chain, and that has clearly benefited us through the program wins and share that we're getting and so forth. People want - especially for things like standard Intel platforms and so forth, they want two equivalent independent supply chains. When those two folded up into one, it clearly opened the door for an additional player, and so, we've successfully taken advantage of that.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Operator: And gentlemen, we have no further questions.
Dan Janson: Great. Well, thank you very much. That will conclude our call today. Thanks for your interest in Fairchild.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - VP, Investor Relations Mark Frey - EVP, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Mark Thompson - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chris Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus Gausia Chowdhury - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Please stand by, we’re about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Fairchild Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder, that today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead.
Dan Janson: Good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild’s second quarter 2015 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild’s Chairman, President and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we’ll be attending the Citi Global Technology Conference on September 9 and the Drexel Hamilton Telecommunication, Media and Technology Conference on September 10 in New York City. We’ll start today’s call with Mark Frey, who will review our second quarter financial results and discuss the current status of third quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we’ll reserve time for questions-and-answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. A replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual report we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures, because we feel they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with the GAAP measures which we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors, including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now, I’ll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you – excuse me, thank you for joining us. I’m sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I’ll focus on just the key points in my comments. For the second quarter of 2015, Fairchild reported sales of $355 million; flat sequentially and down 4% from the second quarter of 2014. Distribution sell-through is typically up 5% sequentially in the second quarter. We did not see this normal increase, especially in the last two months of the quarter, so we adjusted our shipments into the channel to match the lower sell-through. Mark will discuss the current demand environment in more detail in a few minutes. Adjusted gross margin was up 160 basis points from the prior quarter to 33.2%, due primarily to higher factory loadings and manufacturing cost controls in the prior quarter. R&D and SG&A expenses were $100 million, which were up 6% from the prior quarter, due to annual merit raises and equity vesting coupled with temporarily higher legal spending. We forecast OpEx to decrease noticeably in the third quarter. Second quarter adjusted net income was $14 million and adjusted EPS was $0.12. The adjusted tax expense was $2 million for the quarter. Now, I’d like to review our second quarter sales and gross margin performance for our two major business segments. Sales were flat from the prior quarter for our Analog, Power and Signal Solutions segment or APSS, as modestly higher demand for power conversion products supporting the mobile market was offset by lower sales into the consumer and display sectors. APSS’ adjusted gross margin was down from the prior quarter to 36%, due primarily to pricing and a slightly less favorable product mix. In our Switching Power Solutions segment or SPS, revenue was also flat sequentially, as seasonally higher sales into the industrial and appliance markets were offset by lower demand from the consumer in wireless telecom sectors. Adjusted gross margin was up 4 points sequentially to 34%, due primarily to higher factory loadings as we ramped our 8-inch fab in Korea during the first-half. Recall that as part of the factory consolidation we moved additional products into the Korean 8-inch fab that we opened last year. Most of the production from this fab supports the SPS business and we expect gross margin to improve further as we realize the full benefit of the fab consolidation program. Turning to our balance sheet, we increased internal inventory by about $22 million from the prior quarter to 111 days as we build inventory to support the manufacturing consolidation and to support expected higher mobile and telecom demand. We plan to maintain a bit more internal inventory going forward to keep lead-times low and manage our more outsourced supply chain. Our current target range is 100 to 110 days. So we’re comfortable with 111 days as we prepare for expected higher demand in the third quarter. Days of Sales Outstanding or DSOs, decreased 40 days and payables increased to 44 days, which is in line with normal seasonality. Free cash flow was $34 million for the second quarter. As we wrap up the manufacturing footprint consolidation, we expect to pay about $50 million in cash restructuring expenditures in the second-half of this year related to previously accrued employee severance and factory decommissioning activities. We also expect to sell the properties being closed in the next 6 to 18 months. We should offset a significant portion of the cash restructuring costs to bring us in alignment with our original project assumptions. Finally, we repurchased more than 1 million shares of our stock and ended the quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $95 million. Turning now to forward guidance, we expect sales to be in the range of $355 million to $375 million in the third quarter. The middle of this range assumes flat POS, significant growth at a large U.S. smartphone maker and continued decline at a large Asian handset maker. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 34% to 35%, due primarily to lower manufacturing unit cost and improved product mix. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $95 million to $97 million, due primarily to lower legal spending, normal seasonality and cost controls. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 12% plus or minus 3 percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce third quarter results. And now I’ll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark Thompson: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We grew sales for our industrial, appliance and mobile products during the quarter and held our distribution channel inventory dollars flat sequentially. Demand was weaker than expected during the second quarter from some mobile and appliance makers to wireless telecom sector, as well as general market distribution. We expect to increase sales in the third quarter due primarily to higher mobile and wireless telecom demand. We completed a number of important milestones in our factory consolidation programs and remain on schedule to realize significant manufacturing cost savings starting this quarter. We forecast gross margins to increase sequentially in the third quarter due to these savings, as well as better product mix. I’ll begin today with a review of the current demand environment and discuss the sales growth drivers for the third quarter. Next, I want to update you on our footprint consolidation and changes in the way we’re managing our supply chain. Finally, I’ll wrap up by discussing some additional second quarter data points. Let’s begin by looking at the current demand environment. We grew sales for our industrial and appliance products in the second quarter but did see some incremental demand weakness. Our third quarter guidance reflects the lower demand for this sector. We expect to offset some of this with higher sales from new products and design wins in solar inverter, UPS, welding, LED lighting and inductive heating market. In the mobile sector, we grew sales sequentially as customers increase production for a number of new smartphones. We also benefited from an increased content for a variety of battery charging, voltage regulator, and signal path solutions on these new models. Demand from one large customer decreased in the latter half of the quarter due to excess inventory of one model and supply constraints on the more popular version. Our third quarter guidance reflects continued demand erosion for this customer. But this is more than offset by content gains by a large U.S. smartphone maker and two Chinese smartphone makers. We’re excited by our content gains in key smartphone models due to launch in the second-half of this year, and believe our sales in the mobile sector will increase sequentially in the third quarter. Turning to the automotive market, demand continues to be solid and we expect another year of good sales growth. Fairchild was the leader in providing power management solutions that enable advanced ignition, fuel injection, and electronic power steering technologies, which increase fuel efficiency while improving cost of ownership. The automotive sector accounted for 16% of total revenue in the second quarter. Our sales into the data processing and infrastructure market continued to be solid. We’re focused on building our portfolio of integrated power solutions that provides superior performance and efficiency in this very demanding market. Given our content gains in server, storage, and cloud applications coupled with a very low exposure to consumer notebook, we expect steady growth for this business through 2015. Putting this all together as we enter the third quarter, we expect solid sales growth for our products supporting a large US-based mobile customer, as well as wireless, telecom, and automotive markets. Our third quarter guidance assumes that Q3 POS remains flat to Q2, which would be below seasonal, which is typically up a few percent. It is difficult to gauge broad market distribution demand, so we’re building extra caution into our guidance, two weeks in, we’re modestly ahead of this assumption. Finally, we expect, at least, seasonal decline in demand for our products supporting the appliance market. Now, for that update on footprint consolidation in our supply chain. We completed the key consolidation projects on schedule in the second quarter and expect to benefit from lower manufacturing costs in the second-half of the year. We will cease production in Salt Lake City. We’ll cease production in Penang this month, and cease production in the 5-inch Korean facility in August. We plan to wind down activity and decommission these sites over the next two quarters to ready them for sale. We’re on track to deliver the savings we forecast with partial benefit in the second-half of this year and full benefit of our men streamline manufacturing footprint in 2016. Recall, it is part of the supply chain consolidation, we’re using more fab foundry and subcontract assembly and test capacity. This transition has gone smoothly and is – and as is common for this model, we expect to hold a bit more internal inventory to keep lead times low and effectively manage our more outsource supply chain. Turning now to some additional second quarter data points, we maintain distribution inventory flat sequentially as we adjusted shipments during the quarter to match POS. Weeks of inventory in the channel remained lean at about nine weeks. Lead times remain short with most of our business in the seven to nine-week range. In closing, we made great progress on our manufacturing footprint consolidation and our on track to deliver the significant cost savings in the second-half of the year. Demand turned a bit weaker than expected, as we progress to the quarter, but our channel discipline kept the correction in the second quarter and our gains and contents in key customers and applications helps us to offset some of the softness and will enable us to grow sales in the third quarter. Finally, we continued our active stock buyback program repurchasing more than a million shares this quarter. Thank you. And I’ll turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks, Mark. We’ll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks and let’s take the first question, please.
Operator: And we’ll take our first question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: So let me ask the question. I guess, Mark, the first one is in response to you talking about the channel sales being weaker than expected and you guys having to adjust accordingly. Well, I think that’s a great response quickly on your side. Can you give us a little more color on the linearity of that, the causes of it, and how you view that going forward? Is that something that’s going to persist, was it specific to one geography, any sort of color on those metrics would be helpful?
Mark Thompson: Yes, sure, Ross. So the normal pattern, I mean, actually in Q2 if you look at, it is one of the more consistent quarters if you look at in all the various patterns through cycles. And normally what it does is it starts out a little bit softer then strengthens as the quarter goes along. And then, so and the strength at the end often is, because there are some summer weakness, which then in the third quarter picks up at the end of the third quarter. What we thought was more of a kind of flat line response. So it did go up modestly across the quarter, but not that much. So that – and so that is what caused it, rather than come in at a typical kind of 4% to 5% up, it came in flat. I guess not using a lot of imagination all we’ve done is taken that trend line and put it across the third quarter, which should be a pretty conservative assumption. As I commented earlier, the first two weeks were a bit – a slightly ahead of that trend line, and then normally Q3 strengthens in September. That’s a very typical response. There’s a lot of time off and shutdowns during the summer season in manufacturing. So, again, I think, there is lots of questions about the general demand environment and impact of some of the economic concerns that are going on and so forth. So we just took a pretty cautious stance and decided to model flat. And obviously if it’s better than that, we’ll either increase the shipments, or we’ll have a super clean position for the fourth quarter.
Ross Seymore: And that’s helpful.
Mark Frey: Geographically, Europe and China were probably the most prominent in terms of the slowdown.
Ross Seymore: And I guess there’s one follow-up for Mark Frey. With that lower revenue base, can you talk about the implications for the gross margin? I would assume the restructuring would have the same sort of positive impact albeit just off of lower base, but just want to confirm that I understand all the moving parts into the second-half and throughout the impact of the restructuring?
Mark Frey: You’re correct, Ross. The restructuring has been monetized in dollars of $45 million to $55 million. And so that would imply to whatever business we have, and obviously the lower revenue still has a negative impact on the overall gross margin, which is why the guide although up, we’re still a bit less than we would have expected with a higher midpoint revenue. But the savings are still there, and in essence, you’re even more happy that, you’ve taken fixed costs out of the system in that environment.
Mark Thompson: So, Ross, to add a little bit more granularly to Mark’s comment, if you look at the sequence that I gave in my prepared remarks. So, Salt Lake, we entered the quarter with about 400 employees, today, we’re about 40 that are involved in decommission and so forth. So, 90% of the total savings approximately would be – or little less than that, because the people who are around are tend to be technicians and such associated with decommission for most of the third quarter. If you take Penang, Penang is still at full – essentially full employment of around 1,600 people, but production will cease at the end of the current month. And so that headcount will kind of go from 1,600 to 500 to so forth across the quarter. So that’s how you see and the same comment, which is that you wind up with kind of a 10% to 15% of the head count remaining for decommissioning, packing equipment, and all that sort of thing, all of which disappears by the end of the year. So that’s how you see the beginnings of a short falloff in the third quarter than a ramp down across the quarter, and then a tail probably into the fourth quarter and then all gone by the end of the year, and that’s why you get a really clean total look at the thing in the first quarter - should get in the first quarter of 2016.
Ross Seymore: That’s great. If I could sneak in one housekeeping one, I know your inventory, the reasons why you are going to carry it a little bit more, I understand that; you before said you’d exit the year at about 90 days of inventory, is the new target 105, the midpoint of your new guidance range?
Mark Frey: Yes, 100 to 105, I mean, we are – we set our plans at beginning now to taper down the part, because the current inventory is higher because the model is different, but it’s also higher, because we have buffer stock of individual parts that are being transferred to the new source of supply.
Mark Thompson: So Ross, what we’re doing given that it is a new model, we’re focusing on the service levels once we have a good stability in the service levels then we’ll optimize the inventory.
Ross Seymore: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. You mentioned confidence on auto growth for the full year, obviously, I know you guys are benefiting from some good content gains in new models. Can you just talk about the trends on a quarter-on-quarter basis? You had anticipated, I think, growth in auto in Q2, how did that play out? And how was that business trending in Q3 relative to seasonality? I think there are definitely concerns out there on the global automotive demand trends and wondering if you’re seeing signs of that.
Mark Frey: There’s not a huge seasonality to our auto sales. They were roughly – they were up slightly in Q2, so that they represented the same percentage of the company as they did in Q1, which was 16%. And the only thing I’ll observe is, we will often see a tick-down in Q4, which is kind of inventory control, but that that tends to be modest and the secular trends are really what we have been focusing on, which is just showing modest growth quarter-by-quarter.
Harlan Sur: Got it.
Mark Thompson: So a couple of additional comments. So if you look at the first automotive orders tend to come in regardless of our lead times with a lot of, give us a much higher than average degree of visibility. So if you look at 2015, it’s two quarters of actual plus one quarter that’s largely already in backlog. So that the certainty of it is fairly high, obviously, anything can happen in the fourth quarter, but there’s a couple of things. So our overall model was for the business to go in from the kind of 140s into the low 160s. And today that number – the low 160s number is – remains plus or minus $1 million. So and I think the follow on to that is, if you look at the place the people have talked about softness, it’s been in the large European luxury car space, which for us is a relatively unimportant segment in the sense that we don’t do a lot of infotainment, those are very electronics heavy kind of things. We’re really focused on the bread-and-butter cars that make up the largest volume of the typical manufacturers productions, where they meet their volume weighted fuel economy and CO2 emission requirements. So it’s a more robust segment of the market.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights there, those are really helpful. And then on the increase in wireless telecom demand that you’re forecasting in Q3, is that just more recovering back to run rate levels following a weak Q2, or is the team actually starting to see a pickup in end market infrastructure spending on wireless capacity expansion, any color that would be great.
Mark Thompson: Yes. It’s just a mild return to typical seasonality. We – as I have many people, we dug in pretty hard to the freeze in the 4G build-out and LTE build-out in China. And we don’t expect that to unfreeze until – our – in our model, it probably doesn’t unfreeze until the end of the third quarter. So it benefits the fourth, but not the third.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Chris Caso: Thank you. Good morning. Just to come back to the gross margins and the cost reduction, my notes from last quarter indicated you are expecting 200 basis point, a positive impact in the third quarter from the cost reduction, but you’re only guiding up a 100 and revenues growing as well. Does that imply your utilization moves lower in Q3, so that there is an offset to that? And, I guess from, say, the Q2 base, what would be I guess, if we use that as a base line when we get to the first quarter, what should be the total magnitude of the cost reduction impact just to keep us on the right level?
Mark Thompson: Well, it’s all of those things. It was – we had to reduce our build plans in Q2, and that has an impact on manufacturing unit costs, which roll into Q3 and the same thing is true in Q3, then with a higher, with a lower revenue line you get a denominator of fact in terms of just how you calculate gross margin. As to Q4, it really depends on the mix and the revenue volume. And we don’t although, obviously the cost taper down, as Mark explained, we don’t go from 100% to zero. The factories are closing in slightly different schedules and the headcounts taper down. So in, for example, Q2 those are about a $2 million unfavorable impact of having the Salt Lake facility kind of being managed down, obviously we stopped producing late in the quarter, but we still had people embedded in our guidance is that same phenomenon in Penang in Q3. By Q4, most of those costs have been excited, and we’ll have a cleaner opportunity into the cost reduction benefits. But it’s still all in the context of what the revenue line is.
Chris Caso: Okay.
Mark Frey: And, Chris, I just add one more thing. We still are comfortable with our target business model that we provided at the last Investor Day. So, as we get into next year, I think the model that we laid out depending on where we are from a revenue perspective, still provides for a much higher gross margin than we’ve run historically.
Chris Caso: Okay. As a follow-up, you had mentioned in your prepared comments something on pricing and you mentioned it quickly. Can you expand upon those comments a little bit, tell us what you’ve seen with regards to the pricing environment, and how that looks compared to what your expectations were coming into the quarter?
Mark Frey: We’re not really seeing anything different or asymmetric.
Mark Thompson: Dan, can you expand on that that one specific pricing example.
Dan Janson: Yeah, sure, so pricing for us is typically down 1% to 2% every quarter. And, Chris, I would say for probably the last, since the recession, it has never varied from that and it didn’t last quarter either. It was pretty much right in the normal average range, so nothing remarkable on pricing.
Chris Caso: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thanks. Question for Mark Thompson, just on the growth if I look at kind of where revenue is today, touch above from the beginning of 2014 and understanding a big hence the customer has really been weak. But just, as you look at that, as you look at kinds of demand environment we’re in, just curious to get your take in terms of things that you think at some point can reinvigorate the growth?
Mark Thompson: So I think there’s a couple of different of – we’ve been focused steadily over a period of time on aligning ourselves not away from general horizontal markets, but with stronger participation in a number of key verticals around handsets, servers, automotive, select industrial kinds of things. And so, we continue to believe that those will ultimately lead to some growth results. I think what we see is that in any given time a negative move from the economy more than offsets any progress in a bunch of the verticals, which actually tend to be pretty robust, right. So if you look at our key verticals they all did well in the quarter and we made progress. But when you have a seasonal drop of 5% in what amounts to about two-thirds of the business or not quite two-thirds, but certainly more than half of the business, it just overwhelms progress in the vertical segments. So we still have very high degree of confidence that we have the right vertical segments and that we are making progress in those. The wildcard and the thing that we both don’t – have less control over and it’s harder to predict is what the general economies are going to do, which tends to influence the mass market. So if you look at the key pieces of that, automotive has been the steadiest, and so that’s the one where I think we got the strategy right earliest and it’s now five years of consecutive growth. The handset one, we had really two major reworks of our strategy and feel quite good about it now. So what we’ve been doing has been – and you could look at part of what we’re doing and say, well, continue to chase who is winning. And that’s partly true. On the other hand, we also have the most balanced revenue opportunity amongst the say, top-five handset makers that we’ve ever had, and it’s actually quite balanced. And so I think we’ve done two things as we’ve both gone away from the things that tend to integrate out, which has been a headwind, that some of the interface – the simpler interface solutions have been the first to integrate away. And so you wind up with this perpetually eroding base that you have to offset. If you look at our approach to power in the adapter space, plus charger ICs, wall to battery approach to that, the point of load, especially around Near Field pay schemes, those kind of things don’t integrate away very readily at all, and they’re more broadly deployed. So we have also in addition to breadth of the five – sort of five top makers, and it is the blocks that we’re deploying in those are increasingly overlapping in the same. So following share-shifts gets easier and easier. So I don’t want to totally check the box on mobile in the same way that I feel very comfortable about automotive, but I think we are probably 85% of the way to having a really strong sort of three year sustainable strategy in mobile. And that’s taken us a couple of years to get it. The next one that’s going to come out is in the integrated solutions for server. We are in the middle of getting some very attractive design wins. These won’t impact much until 2016, but like automotive that will become, we believe – it’s a long design cycle, that will become a very steady uplift. And then there is some broad-based solutions in industrial, such as our inverter capabilities as well, that I think will go from very volatile to more of a steady growth. So that’s the evolution that we are in the middle of. And our confidence in that has gone up. You’ll see in the teardowns, the content that we got at – the folks in the U.S., it’s actually very compelling and quite tied together in terms of how the blocks work with each other and so forth. And so whereas, that was in expecting the orders in the beginning of this year, it’s the orders on the books and the shipments are scheduled, right, so these are flowing through right now.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it, appreciate all the color on the different potential drivers. Just a follow-up question just for Mark Frey on just the OpEx, understanding some of its litigation is temporary, but just as the sales are at bit of a lower level, the leverage you can pull on the OpEx, which is how you’re looking to manage that on a go-forward basis?
Mark Frey: Sure, so there are two aspects of that. Yes, in Q2 we had some one-time expenses. The legal content of that was about $3 million. And we also – there’s sort of a funny impact of the way our equity expense is charged to the income statement. So in Q2 we typically get a flip-up of $1 million dollars and that goes away in Q3. So looking forward and embedded in our guidance, we, number one, obviously the legal expenses taper back down again. The equity does not recur and you do get some favorable seasonality in Q3 and Q4, but on top of that Mark and I have driven cost reductions across the business. We are still focusing on our key R&D and sales priorities, but we are increasingly attacking other infrastructure and support costs.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. So just first a quick housekeeping, if backlog and book-to-bill were positive. And then, sorry to comeback to gross margins here, but I’m trying to get my head around it and put all the pieces together. So at your Analyst Day, you guys guided 300 basis points to 400 basis points from the consolidation, and another 50 basis points to 100 basis points from the depreciation roll-off. So we are talking about a range of about 350 basis points to 500 basis points. So as of Q2, how much of that 350 basis points to 500 basis points has been recognized? And if none, can we just simply add that 350 basis points to 500 basis points from Q2 and assume that gross margins are going to reach a range here of 37% to 38.5% when fully implemented, is that the right way to think about this?
Mark Thompson: So I’ll answer the first easy part and Mark can answer the second harder part. So our net bookings in the second quarter, calendar second quarter were approximately equal to our shipments in the second quarter.
Mark Frey: And on the gross margin, I think, yes, the incremental savings are obviously a function of what base line is at different times that we’ve talked about the program. Our margin has been in different levels. I believe the last time we spoke the margin had been at about 32%. And so if you apply the incrementals you got 37% to 39% in an environment we are the top line would be in the $375 million range. So you still always have to couch it into some fundamental size of the business, but that’s a correct interpretation.
Christopher Rolland: Okay. You guys did – just a follow-up there, you did say that there was an incremental gross margin roll-off of 50%, so we can just work off of that $375 million to see the gross margin impacts of lower revenues, is that correct?
Mark Frey: State that again, I am not sure I understood it.
Christopher Rolland: Well, you said it was at a $375 million level and you’re guiding below that for Q3, so for $10 million shorter whatever, should we have a negative incremental fall-through of 50%?
Mark Frey: That is not a bad – yes, I mean, if obviously that revenue had been higher, then our guidance for the gross margin would have been higher.
Christopher Rolland: Okay. And then lastly you guys also talked about 100 basis point to 200 basis point improvement from mix that you guys would get, and that was over in 18 to 24 month period. Can you talk about where we are in that transition and how much of that 100 to 200 you guys have realized?
Mark Frey: So, again, embedded in our guide for Q3 there is favorable mix in the few – in the 20-ish basis points quarter-to-quarter. And that represents the higher component of mobile. We think that will actually expand in Q4. And then the mix details for next year, we are obviously less certain, but as we grow mobile, high-end computing and auto as a higher percent of the company, those all have a significantly higher gross margin profiles in the rest of the businesses and that’s the kind of the way we approach the view of mix.
Christopher Rolland: Great. Thanks so much guys.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I am curious how fast you think your mobile sales could grow sequentially and how that compares to growth you have seen in prior years. And as part of that, Mark, you mentioned you have a very balanced exposure to the different mobile customers, I would appreciate any color around how you see demand trends play out at your U.S., your Korean and your Chinese customers.
Mark Thompson: So if you split it into two pieces, what we had, let’s say if we back up two years, we had more of our revenue in interface solutions than we had in power management solutions. And we had one Asian customer who was close to half of our mobile revenue. As we look to, let’s say, the exit of the third quarter that that’s the power management is well over half and the fastest growing part of that. Our content has gone up drastically in the U.S., and flat to up slightly in non-China Asia, and then growing in China in a way that looks very similar to the rest in a sense that it’s – so the one non-China Asia customer is still heavily concentrated, although migrating to power solutions to some of the older interface solutions. Whereas our growth in content in the two – the handset makers in particular in China that we think are going to be are and going to be the winners. We have content that’s significantly higher, approaching $1 dollar in some cases of power solutions and similarly in the U.S. So it’s a transition to content to power et cetera. So it’s we’re not depending in our numbers on a lot of volume unit growth. We think that the market does – it might post single digits net, but it’s really a sticky content story that we are pursuing and have good progress on.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Very helpful. And as a follow-up, Mark, there is a lot of concern about just demand and consumption in China, because of what’s going on in their stock market. And since you have exposure to that market along many different product lines, I’m wondering what you are seeing there actually on the ground in terms of demand in your different product lines.
Mark Thompson: So it depends on where you look. I mean, there’s certainly a higher level of uncertainty we’ve seen in a long time in China. Right now, we’ve seen it mostly impact things like appliance in particular. We’ve seen it less impact the handset space. Although, again there are some fairly large share shifts that are going on even amongst the Chinese players. And so again you can see somebody growing a lot, which doesn’t necessarily imply that the market is a lot. So I think the company that starts with the X, I think has been pretty public. They had big growth goals for 2015 and every quarter they scroll back, right. Now you find some other people that are actually getting that share. So I think the handset space seems to be being relatively robust. And then if you go to the infrastructure build-out, 4G/LTE build-outs, those have been on hold due to the corruption investigations that have gone on. People seem very confident that, A, that they are very committed to completing the build-out; and, B, that those will be concluded during the fourth quarter, and that will go back to a space that’s positive. So our current view of what’s likely to go on is that anything general consumer household-related like appliances, is likely to be challenging for at least the rest of the year. I think mobile is going to be okay, and I think the infrastructure piece will resume.
Vivek Arya: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra: Could you talk about the book-to-bill in the quarter and also how the backlog is comparing with last quarter?
Mark Thompson: So the book-to-bill was very close to 1 in the second quarter. And so our backlog position entering the current quarter for our estimates is about average, I would say, for our short lead time model.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. And then, obviously it’s probably difficult to get an apple-to-apple read on utilization rates, given the fab consolidation that’s ongoing. But for Q3, given the reduction in production on a normalized basis what will the utilization rate look like? Are we in levels that will compare to the low 80s or is that below that level?
Mark Frey: No, you’re close. I mean, utilization will still improve, because obviously we’ve take our capacity down, so whereas it would’ve been higher if our revenue guide had been higher. We are more of a variable cost structure now, but so particularly in Korea where we have the receptor sites for a lot of the processes from Salt Lake City, we’re seeing utilization go up there.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. And then last question, when everything normalizes by next year, if you could remind us percentage of your production that will be outsourced?
Mark Thompson: Of course, that will be our choice depending on where we are in the cycle. But in the – for wafer, it would be anywhere up to about 35%. For assembly and test, it would be anywhere up to about 50%.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Sir, your line is open. You may want to check your mute button. Once again, Mr. Pitzer, your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Can you hear me now, please?
Operator: Yes, sir.
John Pitzer: Okay, perfect. Maybe the first question for Mark Frey, just going back to gross margin utilization markets, just kind of curious given where fab loadings are today, if you were to come in at the low-end of the guide for September, i.e., where this is flat sequentially, would you expect the incremental kind of headwind to gross margins in the December quarter, or as you think about where fab loadings today are, even on sort of a flat revenue in September, you would expect loadings to go up, if you can give us some sort of color on that, that’d be helpful.
Mark Thompson: Well, I’m not getting your question all that clearly. I – it sounds like you’re in a car or something. But the lower your build plan in a given quarter the – it certainly would present a headwind to the next quarter, because the efficiencies are generally out of phase. So, yes, if we were in the very low-end of our range that would imply a higher unit costs that would roll into Q4. But the opposite is true if we’re on the higher end then we would have the opposite effect. But another phenomenon in Q4 is, it’s more important what are foundry and sub-con pricing is, because more of our shipments will not be under this phenomenon of internal manufacturing variance reporting, and whatever we pay the outsource vendors that’s what hits the income statement, and we believe we’ve got some very good pricing out there.
Mark Frey: The other thing I would say John is the low-end of our gross margin guidance for Q3, we’d still have us up nearly a point for gross margin. So, we would assume that gross margins would increase even on a flat revenue environment, which is kind of the low-end of guidance.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. Then maybe to a follow-up of Mark Thompson, just getting back to the handset market opportunity, you guys clearly have a very good content story especially with the North American guy here in the near-term. I guess, one of the things that I’m trying to figure out is the history of the handset margin is, when you are in early solving a new problem you tend to have pretty good pricing and pretty good content [ph], but over time, that pricing kind of whittles as early content opportunity rolls away. I guess, what I’m trying to understand better is, why given some of the applications you’re tracking today, you think you’re modes are wider, the content story has the legs or the pricing environment will be better longer, can you just kind of help me understand how you are thinking about that, that would be very helpful.
Mark Thompson: Yes, sure. So there’s a couple of aspects to that. So the – it starts with the blocks that we are pursuing now, I’m not saying they can’t be integrated, say, into the PMIC, but they almost surely won’t be integrated into the PMIC. I mean, if you look at why, for example, the charger I see stays out of the PMIC, and I don’t know anybody, I mean, I suspect probably what the Korean guys are probably trying to integrate everything. But there’s a bunch of thermal density reasons why it’s really, really hard to put all these power blocks into one place right. So increasingly, in fact, they’re disintegrating them and distributing them around the phone to avoid hotspots on the phone. These phones are working really hard in the power levels, keep going up, batteries get bigger, and so thermal management becomes a very big deal. The – so the other part two is that, if you look, for example, at the Near Field pay reference design that we’ve – we’ve got our reference design end and specific design end. Once you get an RF system working, people are generally lowed [ph] to touch it. And those things are hard to do. And so, sort of the same comment, there’s not a lot of incentive for people to – and there’s not a lot of people who are able to do that. And I guess the proof point I would offer to this has been our experience on the adapter side. So we’ve been the dominant supplier for the adapter for the American company for four to five years now, and a solution that a bunch other people have gone after and so far been unable to replicate the combination of performance that we delivered. And so, that has actually been from a both pricing and a share point of view relatively unchallenged. And so, I think, when you look at specific sockets, like the RF pay function, like the adapter for, as power levels go up like the charger IC, those are pretty immune to integration and they’re really hard to do. So you might wind up with two people ultimately solving the problem. You don’t wind up with five people solving the problem which is what causes pricing to just disappear. So that’s some of the background to why it looks a lot better than, let’s say, three to five years ago.
John Pitzer: And Mark, just a quick follow-up on that, to help me better understand it, is there any concern that the new standards on USB would actually integrate some of the Fairchild technology? Is that something that we need to be worried about?
Mark Thompson: No, we certainly don’t see that happening. The Type-C controller is going to be standalone for the foreseeable future. It’s the same, so, I mean, what the difference between that and the last generation is the 30s can get integrated away, but the power piece will almost surely stay independent.
John Pitzer: Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Steve Smigie: Great. Thanks a lot guys. Just a follow-up on the appliance weakness and on the sort of the general slowness on the distribution channel, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how much of that is you see maybe is just due to some demand softness out there in China versus in the past you’ve seen government mandate sometimes create actually inventory that probably shouldn’t have been there, so that differentiation. And also, Mark Frey, you mentioned that the Europe looked a little bit weak. I’m sort of hearing mixed data points, sometimes hearing Europe strong. So is some of that weakness potentially just, sometimes you have and also it’s a wide business and you have fluctuations throughout time in a particular segment. Could you just address that? Thanks.
Mark Frey: Sure, China we don’t have any special visibility that we build a lot of inventory and at least based on government mandates, and we have those kinds of the disruptions. But in general it was week. Our appliance businesses is somewhat linked to housing and so we just sort of have to live within that environment. In terms of Europe, the euro made some contribution. As I said I think in the last call, the currency changes we’ve seen in the past year when you net them all they’re favorable to the company, but the euro specifically is unfavorable, it hits the revenue line. And then there wasn’t anything particularly noteworthy in Europe and I just noted that it was, if you compare Q1 and Q2, it was down and it was down off of a fairly strong Q1.
Steve Smigie: Okay great. And my fourth question is just, you guys had a, I think, a pretty meaningful MEMS announcement during the quarter. Just hoping we can get an update there and any opportunity for MEMS over the next couple of years?
Mark Thompson: Yes, sure. So, yes, so we’ve launched our very, very low power high accuracy integrated solution and we’re looking at a number of robotic kinds of applications, both the industrial and commercial consumer. The motion modeling business, the suits and the minor suits and the industrial piece of that is doing very well this year. And so we see very strong double-digit growth at very good margins across the year. So we’re very bullish about that business and it’s on the edge of having meaningful impact to the company and I think it will have meaningful impact starting in 2016.
Steve Smigie: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel.
Kevin Cassidy: Thanks for squeezing me in. On your infrastructure exposure, do you sell directly to that customer base or does that go through hubs or through distribution? Just asking about the visibility you have into that market.
Mark Thompson: Which infrastructure in particular?
Kevin Cassidy: Wireless telecom.
Mark Thompson: That’s mostly through distribution.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. But your comments were – you think that there is just a pause in the build-out and you’re expecting that to resume?
Mark Thompson: Yes, probably starting in the fourth quarter, in China in particular.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Gausia Chowdhury: Hi, good morning. This is Gausia Chowdhury calling on behalf of Shawn. Given that there is extra caution baked into guidance, how will the slow start affect calendar 4Q sales seasonality and margins? Should we expect much of a change?
Mark Thompson: Could you please repeat the question? I’m not able to hear you.
Gausia Chowdhury: Sure. I’m sorry. Can you hear me now?
Mark Thompson: Now I can.
Gausia Chowdhury: Okay. I’m sorry about that. I was saying that, given that there is extra caution baked into guidance, just wondering how the slow start will affect the fourth quarter in terms of sales seasonality and then margin. Should we expect any kind of major change to seasonality?
Mark Thompson: It’s very difficult. It’s very difficult to call. I think there are a couple of different models that you could use that I wouldn’t know necessarily how to pick one. So if you use historical and so again we have – it’s unusual to – we’ve never seen in the years we collected data. For example, a distribution point-of-sale in the second quarter that was flat to the first one. So does that mean that it’s a predecessor to a very soft year or just some minor correction that in fact will benefit the fourth quarter, I can make either case. So again, I think that’s why we use the term uncertain, because I think it’s, any time you have a new data point you just don’t have a framework to interpret it.
Gausia Chowdhury: Okay. And then secondly, just wondering what held you back from using all of the free cash flow towards the buyback and should we expect that the full $150 million will be completed by May 2016?
Mark Thompson: So, I think the – I wouldn’t say we were held back necessarily. So we – if you look at our – we adjust the matrix every quarter. And so, I mean, certainly if the stock price – we always early in the year want to be a little bit cautious and see – but we try always to buy at least three quarters of our quarterly allocation each quarter. So we try not to be overly optimistic, but if we go – get a little light one quarter, because of where we set the matrix, then we’ll be more aggressive in the following quarter. But yeah, I mean, we’re making sure that we meet our total year’s goals, we’ve done that I think effectively since we started and we expect no different in 2015.
Gausia Chowdhury: Right. Thank you.
Operator: And with no further questions at this time, I’d like to turn the call back over to Dan Janson for any additional or closing remarks.
Dan Janson: Great. Well, thank you for your interest in Fairchild. That will conclude our call today.
Operator: And this does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - Investor Relations Mark Thompson - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Chris Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Vivek Arya - Bank of America John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Steve Smigie - Raymond James Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fairchild First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder that today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead.
Dan Janson: Good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild's first quarter 2015 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's Chairman, President and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we'll be attending the Robert Baird Growth Conference on May 06 in Chicago, the Deutsche Bank Semiconductor One-on-One Day in San Francisco on May 12, and the JP Morgan Tech, Media, and Telecom Conference on May 18 in Boston. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our first quarter financial results and discuss the current status of second quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions-and-answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual report we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principles. We use non-GAAP measures, because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with the GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors, including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Frey.
Mark Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. For the first quarter of 2015, Fairchild reported sales of $356 million, up 6% sequentially and 3% from the first quarter of 2014. Adjusted gross margin was down 80 basis points to 31.6%, due primarily to higher inventory unit costs attributable to lower factory loadings in the prior quarter. R&D and SG&A expenses were $94 million, which were up 3% from the prior quarter but at the low end of our guidance range due to higher payroll related expenses, partially offset by ongoing cost controls and lower equity compensation. First quarter adjusted net income was $13 million and adjusted EPS was $0.11. The adjusted tax expense was $4 million for the quarter.  Now, I would like to review our first quarter sales and gross margin performance for our two major business segments. We changed our reporting segments effective at the start of this year to better reflect the way we manage the business. The new analog power and signal solutions segment or APSS contains our mobile, power conversion, and motion tracking product lines. This business focuses on developing innovative analog solutions including power management sensor and signal path applications.  The switch and power solution segment or SPS contains our low, medium, and high voltage switch product lines, integrated power modules, as well as our automotive and cloud product lines. This business provides a wide range of highly efficient discrete and integrated power management solutions across a broad range of end markets. Finally, our standard products group or SPG includes a broad portfolio of standard, discrete, analog, logic, and optoelectronic products. We will provide five years of historic financial data for these new reporting segments on our investor relations website. Sales were up 2% from the prior quarter for our APSS business driven by higher power conversion demand, especially in lighting and battery charger applications. APSS’ adjusted gross margin was down slightly from the prior quarter to 38% due primarily to higher inventory unit costs attributable to lower factory loadings in the prior quarter. In our SPS business, sales were up 8% sequentially due to normal seasonality, continued strong growth in our automotive business, and market share gains for industrial and appliance applications. Adjusted gross margin was down nearly 2 points sequentially to 30% due primarily to higher inventory unit costs attributable to lower factory loadings in the prior quarter. Turning to our balance sheet, we held internal inventory dollars roughly flat to the prior quarter as we offset the inventory build to support our manufacturing consolidation with reductions in other areas. This coupled with higher sales caused a 6-day sequential decrease to 100 days of inventory. We expect to complete the bridge inventory build in Q2, then gradually deplete this inventory to exit the year at roughly 90 days of inventory level. Days of sales outstanding or DSOs increased to 41 days and payables decreased to 40 days, which is in line with normal seasonality. Free cash flow was a negative $29 million for the first quarter due to normal year-end cash compensation expenses paid in the first quarter and the increase in DSOs. We repurchased 2.3 million shares of our stock for $39 million in the first quarter and ended the quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $80 million. Turning now to forward guidance, we expect sales to be in the range of $360 million to $380 million for the second quarter. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 33.5% to 34.5% due primarily to higher factory loadings in the prior quarter and improved product mix. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $97 million to $99 million due primarily to the annual merit increase, higher variable compensation, and temporarily higher legal spending in connection with upcoming patent trials. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 12% plus or minus 3 percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce second quarter results. Now, I will turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark Thompson: Thank you, Mark, and good morning everyone. We grew sales in the first quarter at the high end of our expectations while maintaining flat distribution channel inventory. We expect to build on this momentum in the second quarter as we benefit from design wins and market share gains coupled with normal seasonal demand strength. We are also on schedule to deliver significant cost reductions in the second half of this year once the manufacturing footprint consolidation is completed. I’ll begin with a brief review of the demand environment and some of the areas that are contributing to our sales growth. I’ll wrap up by discussing some current quarter results and our perspective on the second quarter. Let’s begin by looking at the current demand environment. Bookings significantly exceeded shipments in Q1 and that pattern continues into Q2 giving us a better backlog position at this point a quarter ago. Nearly 60% of our sales now come from the industrial appliance and automotive end markets which are seasonally higher in the first half. We also gained market share in the appliance market and benefited from strong sales growth into the auto sector. Sales of our products into the mobile end-market were sequentially lower in Q1, but we saw improvement as the quarter progressed due to the ramp of new smartphones at leading customers. We are also benefiting from higher content in the latest models. As we talked with investors last quarter, we had questions about impact from changes in currency we might be having on the end-market demand. Given the strong order rates we are seeing, there does not appear to be a material impact on our demand. The largest change in currency has been in the euro zone, where we sell primarily into industrial and automotive sectors, which are some of the more stable markets that we serve. In aggregate, a stronger U.S. dollar is a positive for our results as we have more cost and revenue in currencies other than the dollar. Let’s turn now to some of the specific areas that Fairchild is driving sales growth. Our automotive business once again reported robust growth to achieve record quarterly sales in Q1. Fairchild is a leader in delivering innovative power management solutions that enable greater fuel efficiency and lower cost of ownership. We expect continued strong growth in this market as the adoption rates of semiconductor control solutions within the automotive powertrain accelerates. The industrial and appliance markets posted strong sequential growth due to normal seasonal trends coupled with market share gains at some leading appliance makers. We also won new designs in a number of LED lighting, industrial fan, and pump applications, as well as solar inverters. We expect continued solid growth in this business for Q2. In the mobile market, demand is picking up as customers start building their new models. We have secured higher content in a number of leading new smartphone models, which we expect will drive solid sales growth as we progress through the year. Fairchild is winning content with our full line of battery charging solutions, voltage regulators and analog switches. Fairchild’s fast charging technology that enables the battery charger to vary its output to significantly reduce charge times is prominently featured on leading customer’s flagship smartphone. Fairchild is leading the revolution in creating intelligent adaptive battery charger that allows smartphone users to be truly mobile instead of routinely searching for a power outlet. Our sales into the computing end-markets are off to a good start in the first quarter as we gain market share at a number of large server customers. Fairchild has a growing portfolio of integrated power stage solutions that provide superior performance and efficiency to this demanding market. We also launched a full line of extended temperature power management solutions that have been well received by the market. Given our content gains in server, storage, and cloud applications coupled with our very low exposure to consumer notebooks, we expect steady growth from this business through 2015. Turning now to the first quarter results and our perspectives onto Q2, we maintain distribution inventory flat sequentially as our sales into the channel roughly matched the increase in point-of-sale. Weeks of inventory in the channel remained at a lean nine weeks. Lead times increased during the quarter, but still remain short with most of our businesses in the seven- to nine-week range. Looking forward to the second quarter, given our higher starting backlog and order momentum, we are guiding for another quarter of solid sales growth. We have many changes happening this quarter as we wind down production at three manufacturing sites and ramp activity at other internal and external factories. We expect margins to rebound strongly in the second quarter as we set the stage for this major transformation in our manufacturing cost structure in the second half. In closing, Fairchild is off to a great start and we look forward to an exciting 2015. We have a strong pipeline of design wins and our new product launches that we anticipate will accelerate our sales growth in 2015. Our manufacturing consolidation is on schedule and we expect to significantly reduce our cost structure beginning in the third quarter of this year. All these improvements are designed to drive higher earnings and higher cash flow. We repurchased 2% of our outstanding shares in the first quarter as we continue to drive higher shareholder value through effective capital allocation. Thank you, and I will turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks, Mark. We'll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up please. Thanks, and let's take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Congrats on the solid quarter and guide. I guess my first question for Mark Thompson is on the channel side of the equation. You mentioned that you are not seeing any signs of macro volatility, but can you walk through how the quarter stayed flat sequentially in the channel where I think you expected the channel inventory to actually rise a bit, and then what sort of channel inventory assumptions are embedded in your second quarter guidance?
Mark Thompson: So, Ross, we were never expecting a huge replenishment of the channel. So, while it was at the low-end of expectation, it wasn’t out of bounds. And I think normally it’s a little bit hard, especially towards the end of Q1 to exactly match point-of-sale because things are slow for Chinese New Year and then there is a bit of a catch-up. So getting exactly matching fill for the point-of-sale, it’s always a little bit challenging. And so, that’s really the reason why it wound up at the low-end of ship into the channel versus low-end of our range, but not out of range. If you look at the assumptions for the second quarter, it would keep the channel roughly flat.
Ross Seymore: And is that on a dollars or days basis in both the flat first quarter as well as the flat second quarter that you just talked about?
Mark Thompson: That would be in days. We had nine weeks as of the low-end of the range we want to run. So we seek to exit the quarter in the nine plus week range.
Ross Seymore: And I guess as my follow for Mark Frey, on the gross margin side of things, I know you guys, you only guide one quarter out, but given the volatility around what’s going to start to occur in the third quarter, just assuming the restructuring impact alone, think about loadings or anything associated with demand, can you give us any sort of quantifiable framework on how we should think about the pluses and minuses of the fab closures and what that means to the third quarter and maybe even fourth quarter gross margin please?
Mark Frey: Sure. The biggest plus is the elimination of fixed expenses after we closed the plants in June and early July, and just think of that as about 200 basis points as we’ve guided in the past. In the short-term, it will get a little longer in the longer term. What we don’t know is how efficiently the new processes ramp up both externally and internally, so it’s harder to put a crystal ball on that, but we see this playing out pretty much the way we’ve been modeling and presenting to the investors up to this point.
Ross Seymore: So all else being equal, the gross margin would grow 200 basis points sequentially in the third quarter?
Mark Frey: Yeah.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thank you very much.
Mark Thompson: Okay.
Operator: We will take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Great job on the quarterly execution. Post Chinese New Year, just wondering if the demand pull and inventory replenishment you saw was in line with expectations or were there any areas, sub-segments where there was a bit of incremental weakness or incremental strengths relative to your expectations?
Mark Thompson: I would say it roughly followed our expectations, so nothing out of balance in terms of overwhelmingly negative or positive. Broad-based health in demand is the way I would characterize it.
Harlan Sur: Great, thanks for that. And then on the mobile side, good to see the traction and content gains with your solutions – battery charging, voltage regulation, switching. You talked about – can you just roughly quantify, let’s say, on some of the upcoming flagship smartphones, what the rough dollar content increase is versus the same models last year?
Mark Thompson: So, what I will say is that across-the-board, there are content gains. Until they go into production, it’s always difficult a little bit to quantify them because normally there will be two suppliers for a share, and so the exact balances aren’t usually known until they go into production. But they range from kind of 50% to 75% increases in content for most of the handsets that we are looking at across-the-board if we get kind of expected middle-range share.
Harlan Sur: Great. And then just real quickly, I think you touched upon it, but what percentage of your COGS in OpEx are denominated in foreign currencies?
Mark Frey: I don’t have a clean percent. The two currencies that have been harmful have been the euro and the yen, and we look at that as how much revenue is denominated in the currency relative to the cost. And euro, for example, only about 25% of our revenue in Europe net of expenses is actually exposed to currency. Then we have a very large cost base in Korean Won, and I don’t have that as a percent, but if you net the impact of the Euro and Yen to the Won and the Malaysian Ringgit, you get a slight favorable overall impact. 
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights guys. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Chris Caso: Thank you good morning. The first question is regarding seasonality and obviously you want a guide for the second half right now, but given the increasing mix of your business towards industrial and automotive, should we be changing our expectations with regard to the typical seasonality we see in your business as we look into the third quarter and the fourth quarter?
Mark Frey: So Chris, it’s a little hard to answer that question. As I said, it’s sitting about 60:40 today. So, a 60:40 profile would give relatively muted seasonality given that the 60 is first half strength and the 40 is second half strength. I think somewhat confusing that this year is there are some significant program ramps in the second half in mobile, and so if all of the things being equal, we might expect in aggregate stronger first half and second half, but I think that’s likely to not be the case this year given the program ramps. 
Chris Caso: Okay, well, I was going to follow-on with regard to the expectations in mobile and you know I guess that makes it difficult, you know to talk about mobile with regard to the product ramps as well, but your commentary said that you had seen some better performance in mobile, late part of Q1, I assume that’s carrying into Q2 with the flagship ramp. I guess the question is, as we see there’s two factors, one being the hand off between the two customers in the first half and the second half. And then the second factor would be the new platform ramps, how do we balance all of those together to get an expectation for the mobile business as the year progresses? 
Mark Frey: So, Q2 better than Q1, Q3 better than Q2, Q4 better than Q3.
Chris Caso: That’s pretty clear. Okay thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes thanks for Mark Thompson. If I look at the computing segment for you guys, it is one that relative to the other segment seems to be kind of under the radar a bit and just want to get your sense in terms particularly for the data center what you are talking about, is this Greenfield opportunity for Fairchild, is it market share gain opportunities and you know relative to some of the other segments how would you put the growth in computing kind of mid-to-longer term?
Mark Thompson: So, I guess it depends on how you define Greenfield. So, there is sort of two classes of server out there. There is the custom server for the big data center guys like Google and so forth, where we are definitely seeing share gains and they of course do their own designs and that’s where really primarily where we are concentrated on the custom server portion of it. We do some of the standard server for sure, but the biggest incremental focus areas are on the custom server side. 
Craig Hettenbach: Okay.
Mark Thompson: One other thing I would add Craig to that is that we have seen the recent consolidation of two significant players, suppliers in the space, Infineon and IR, has created incremental opportunity because their combined share is more than some people prefer and so that’s freeing up some share that we are also accessing. So, it’s a mix of sort of pure design win and incremental share. 
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then one question on just the overall environment, I mean we’ve seen kind of mixed to even slightly negative data points out there, your tone is pretty constructive, particularly what you are seeing in bookings and just wanted to get a sense, it sounds like you have a number of company specific in terms of product cycles and wireless, you’ve had this sometime growth in auto, so are you able to kind of split in terms of what you are seeing Fairchild specific versus how you just kind of - the back drop of the semiconductor environment out there.
Mark Thompson: Sure. It is always hard you know we are a little bit part of the industry. So, we can vary quite a bit from the aggregated industry and sometimes do. So, if I were to take a look, the 2015 is really playing out consistently with the way we try to articulate it last year, which is that we’ve had some spaces where we have had multiple year growth and for example industrial plant, industrial motors appliance automobile. And there have been some place that are in kind of workout mode, right and those have primarily been mobile where we’ve had the concentration - certain customer concentrations content that has worked against us.  So, we actually went backwards in 2014 versus 2013, while we changed some of our strategy ramped some new programs and site. So, a part that’s been a strong grower for some people in 2014 was a headwind for us in 2014. That has - we’re highly confident has been reversed and so a big chunk for us kind of 20% to 25% is back in a growth mode that we expect to be a multi-year growth mode. And so similarly in computing is we have basically - basically there is two chunks of our computing business, one is a specialty computer maker on the other side of the valley that we’ve long had good content in, but it’s a small portion of the market, but it’s very performance oriented and we like the business.  We basically abandoned the standard notebook kind of business and we’ve been ramping some applications in server, which we spoke about. So, as we stand here today, we expect respectable growth from every significant segment that we’re playing in, by and large due to what I call an acceptably healthy market and just some good programs and program execution that are coming together for us and that’s really the best I can describe as to the operating model that we’ve got running right now in 2015.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay, very helpful color. Thanks Mark. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets.
Christopher Rolland: Hi guys, congrats on the quarter and nice to see that execution. So, for Mark Thompson, at the end of your prepared remarks you mentioned strong pipeline of design wins were those just the mobile program ramps that you were talking about or where there other needle moving wins and perhaps you can describe what the make-up of that pipeline looks like. 
Mark Thompson: Certainly the biggest for us is on the mobile side in terms of concentrated dollars, but the server one, the server will move more slowly, but we have some significant design wins and power stages in server. We have some very attractive content gains that we expect in automotive as well. 
Christopher Rolland: Excellent. And my second question is around the re-class, what was the philosophy behind it and are you sort of demonstrating a mix up story here as APSS might grow or is there something else to the re-class and how we should we be looking at your business here in areas of focus?
Mark Frey : Not really. I think we took a look at the old segments and they didn’t quite kind of reflect the way we were managing the business. The new segments, whereas the old segments cluster relatively around customers, the new segments cluster relatively around technologies. So, the APSS is analog ICs in both mobile and power conversion, sensor applications etcetera where the SPS is MOSFETs and modules etcetera.
Mark Thompson: So, another [indiscernible] I guess is there is really two intersecting needs that we sort to be. The first is that the SEC requires that you report the way you actually manage, which is what we’ve done here. And the second one is, I think gives investors a better ability to look at the two classifications of our business to build better evaluation models for the company as they look ahead and this meets both of those requirements. 
Christopher Rolland: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra: Hi, good morning. You talked about, earlier in your call about a sequential 200 basis point in gross margin benefit in Q3. Could you remind us whether this means that your manufacturing consolidation is going to be cut neutral by then versus the beginning of that consolidation or is it still going to be a drag on gross margin? And also if you could talk about some of the gross margin benefits that you expect beyond Q3 and I understand that some of this is unquantified at this point.
Mark Thompson: Yeah. We certainly do expected to be favorable in the second half because just think of our product set as X billions of units going out at a certain price prior to – or the second quarter and before, we were running seven full facilities and starting in the second half we were running kind of 4.5 full facilities. So as we said earlier, about $50 million of fixed overheads are eliminated and that same product set is now either being concentrated in the remaining internal sites or being manufactured by subcons or foundries who have given us very good pricing on those moves. And so you wrap that altogether and you get better gross margin profile. Is that what you are getting at Tristan?
Tristan Gerra: Yes. That is very useful. And then I guess directionally any sense as to what the continued improvement might look like beyond Q3 or is that pretty much done?
Mark Thompson: Well, no, as I said yields ramp up rates, the fullness of our dual sourcing. So we don’t on day one have everything qualified to go everywhere. There will be another year or two to really work into the carry on efficiencies of the new supply chain. And I think the number one influence or once we are past that stage is the level of growth on its own and the mix up. So if we continue to grow our 50% gross margin applications faster than our 30% applications, then that would be a further tailwind which we expect to see.
Mark Frey: So just on the biggest incremental cost we’ll peel off in Q3, there is another increment. I mean there is a lot of spend on decommissioning and so forth that will continue as a tail in Q4, but some of that will then peel off in Q4 and then we expect a very clean Q1. But we certainly expect it’s a little bit like [indiscernible] that gross margin in Q3 will be better than Q2, Mark size that in 200-ish basis points. We would expect Q4 to be better than Q3 and we’d expect Q1 of ‘16 to be better than Q4. And obviously as we get closer to it and know all the puts and takes on that, we will obviously quantify a better than that, and then basically mixed driving in 2016.
Tristan Gerra: Great, that sounded good. That’s very useful. And then could you talk about the initial outlook for the second half that you’re getting from your large customers. Would you say that the forecast is kind of similar to what they’ve seen in prior years or do you sense that people are either more bearish or more bullish on the second half outlook and then if you could talk about your utilization rate expectation for Q2? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: So it’s really hard to call in a broad basis second-half at this juncture. But they’ve probably the best proxy we have for it is incoming order rate although we are only a few weeks in, so that’s largely mapping. It’s about half mapping into Q3, half mapping into Q2 but that is ahead of shipment rate right, so a book-to-bill above 1%. And so that would say that there is certainly decent confidence in demand at least into the third quarter, but there is really no visibility into what the fourth quarter would look like at this juncture, virtually nothing is booking into there and people’s forecast are, they typically don’t give forecast to go that far. So I just can’t offer much other than the incoming order rate. If you look at the utilization, the plants that are closing are running flat out right now and so – but the new BKA plant is not yet fully utilized because there is a lot of engineering work that’s still going on. And then our Portland, Maine facility is running at least average or slightly better than average utilization which would put it well into the 80s right. So that’s kind of the picture.
Tristan Gerra: Great. That’s very useful. Thanks again.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question and for providing all the historical data on the new segments. The question for Mark Thompson, how should I think about the right growth trajectory for Fairchild? I think your Q2 outlook suggests roughly flattish year-on-year growth. What do you think is the right sustainable growth rate for Fairchild and what would be the trigger to consider boosting that growth rate through M&A?
Mark Thompson: So in the segments that we operate in, we would expect to roughly grow with whatever the market happen to be and so which we think will allow us to, basically we think there is more financial model progress available in gross margin than in top line. And so what we do is basically seek to grow with the markets, then we can produce more selective about the business that we take consistent with our gross margin improvement model. And so if you aggregated the growth rates in the sort of big areas that we play in appliance, automotive, server and mobile plus industrial, then that would be a reasonable model to use. So some number in the mid-single digit kind of thing is where we think the sustainable model will land.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And one specific question, Mark, on the end markets, could you remind us what your exposure is to the China smartphone OEMs and what you are seeing there in terms of trends?
Mark Thompson: They are doing well. There is two players in particular in China that are getting a disproportionate share. The way we look at the market is, a third of it a big American company, a third of it is a big Korean company, and a third of it are a pair of leading Chinese players. And so we’ve – our strategy has been to have strong distinguished content in those three categories.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Any concern, I think in Q1 there were some concerns about slowdown or excess inventories and so forth and perhaps slower start into Q2, have you seen any of that or do you think those concerns have passed us and then it’s now seasonal growth over the next few quarters?
Mark Thompson: I think in aggregate seasonal growth is reasonable. The mobile market is always going to be a little choppy right. Some handsets do really well, some don’t do really well, there is inventory correction, there are shortages, but overall I think there is certainly lots of data out there on expected growth rates for the total handset of the big three categories that I gave and everything we see is roughly consistent with the prognosticators.
Vivek Arya: Thank you so much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yeah, good morning guys. Thanks for letting me ask question. Mark, I guess I am going to try to ask the key two guide question a little bit differently. Clearly we’ve had some mixed data points in the semis space outside of you, but in earlier call I referenced you guys have company specific. I am just kind of curious as you look at the sequential growth you are guiding to in the June quarter, to what extent should I think about this as being sort of core business seasonal to below seasonal, anything that’s above that is sort of content growth for the company. How would I think about kind of those two buckets for the June quarter guide specifically?
Mark Frey: Sure, John. Historically, our Q2 growth is in the mid-4% range. So we are really guiding somewhat consistent with that. And I don’t think the drivers of it individually are any different than the drivers that have historically generated kind of the mid-4%. I don’t think there is one overpowering driver that’s accounting for it.
John Pitzer: But if it’s just seasonal kind of goes against the argument that you guys are gaining content, I kind of guess what my question is, is that you guys sort of giving a cautious kind of seasonal to below seasonal in the core business, but you’ve got this content growth and that’s why you are guiding the way you are? Yet another way to kind of ask the question is to whether or not some of the noise that we’ve been hearing from other companies is embedded in your guidance or not?
Mark Frey: Well, we are trying to be cautious. We do have content that’s incorporated in it, but most of the real content impact is second half, it’s just beginning in Q2.
Mark Thompson: But, John, if I were to answer your question little bit of a different, I mean, I know you’re trying to parse specific program from seasonal, but it’s really almost impossible to do that because there is never a true base case that you could analyze. But if you look at some quarters you head into and you say you are more worried about demand, some quarters you head into you are more worried about supply, rarely is there a perfect equilibrium of the two. I’m more worried about supply in Q2 than demand.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful, Mark. And then, maybe for Mark Thompson as my follow-up, historically investors have been not willing to give as good a multiple to kind of the consumer socket, the mobile sockets, I’m kind of curious that some of the socket wins that you’ve had, to what extent do you think these sockets are more sticky or have a longer life and if you do because I think you referenced an earlier question that you kind of feel like after multiple quarters of headwinds in some of these end-markets, you see multiple years of growth. I guess I would like to get a better understanding of why you think that.
Mark Thompson: So, let me give a very specific historical example of what has been sticky and mobile and what has not been sticky and mobile and then I will walk that over and look at our strategy that we got today. So we did an adapter control controller for a leading smartphone maker that has been the industry standard for going on five years now. And so that’s a case where it – while at one level, the adaptor can seem relatively mundane, in fact it’s really pretty important, kind of ignored part of the system. So that’s been as sticky as sticky it can be, it doesn’t get integrated away. We still have the best-in-class solution. Now that’s going to morph into fast charging and, of course, we seek to be the number one there and the industry standard as well. And so, if you can get a four, five-year life out of a design socket in mobile, then that’s – in my book, that’s sticky. So if you take a look at that is what we expect from adaptive charging. Adaptive charging is hard to do, it has lot – there is a lot of subtle aspects to make the designs work and work extremely robustly. And I expect the stickiness of our adaptive charging solution to be similar to our non-adaptive charging solution, which again is the industry standard. If I look at the opposite – the opposite side has been some of the interface products, which have been prone to integrate away. And so the retooling of our strategy has been to go after the more difficult system-level power management things with a certain twist, right. So, some of the pay applications, for example, that are coming out now require some very specific power management and it’s RF and it’s hard to do. So the stuff that we’re focusing on where we are trying to learn from our experiences of what is sticky, what isn’t sticky, what is prone to integration, what is not prone to integration, because again we don’t see ourselves as leaders in integration. We do some integration, but there is certain companies for example that have made it their strategy are very good at it, we don’t want to compete with that. So things that remain separate that are technically demanding that suite our skill set is where we are spending our dollars in mobile.
John Pitzer: Thanks, Mark. It’s very helpful.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Steve Smigie: Great. Thanks a lot and congratulations on the nice quarter and guide. Just to go back to clarification on the new segments, under the APS’, you have power conversion, is that strictly AC to DC power conversion or does that include DC to DC, I’m just trying to understand that versus what might show up in cloud and SPS?
Mark Thompson: Yes, the power conversion is AC to DC. There is DC to DC, but that’s in the mobile part, but it’s still within the APS’ segment. Generally speaking ICs and sensors and ASICs, whereas the SPS has most of our MOSFETs, rectifiers, IGBTs, and of course a big module content which then gets into driver ICs and some controllers, et cetera. But by and large, that’s the way to think about it.
Steve Smigie: Okay. And then, on the cloud business, congratulations on the success there. I think it was only about a year ago where you kind of said cloud is going to become a focus for you and you’ve seen apparently some nice ramp in that, so it’s a pretty quick time from when you sort of talked about it as being a focus area to when you got that. I’m just curious on that products where you’re having a success, again, is that more of a DrMOS type product or are you trying to enter the converter market for that as well or [indiscernible] controller market for that?
Mark Thompson: Today, it’s mostly power stage, so some combination of driver and FET.
Steve Smigie: Okay, great. And then just as we think about some of the new product introductions you talked about, could you give a little bit – I know to certain extent that you don’t want to let the cat out of the bag until after you’ve got the products out there and win some stuff, but can you talk a little bit about end markets where you will be coming out and/or capabilities that you’re looking to leverage in your next generation stuff coming up?
Mark Thompson: Could you be more specific, Steve?
Steve Smigie: I thought you said earlier in the call that there were – you obviously had some success across many categories, but you have a bunch of new products coming out. I’m just trying to get the sense of the direction, partly in the past you had have some folks in the analog switch and that wasn’t what you hoped to be but at the same time, you did focus resources in the area, for example, of fast charge or adaptor charging, that’s worked out very well. So I’m just – from that perspective, is it more you go back into analog switch or is it you focus more on doubling down in something like AC to DC conversion? That was kind of what I’m trying to get at.
Mark Thompson: So, I think there is two focus categories for us in mobile. So, we are maintaining the interface solutions, but that’s not where we are investing our R&D dollars, so that’s still an important business, it remains. Especially, if you look at, for example, the big Korean guys have been very, very focused on integration, which has tended to be bad for some of the interface solutions. On the other hand, the China makers have actually not been focused on integration. So there is a sort of a different – you almost have to get specific to the architecture to figure out, which is – what things are more important than other things. But if you look at the functions where we are spending our R&D dollars, which is probably the best descriptor of strategy, it is in the full end-to-end – we call it wall-to-battery for a reason, right. It’s from the adapter all the way to the battery interface, but all the pieces how to work together in order to make that work. So everything between the plug and the wall and the battery itself is a focus area for us. The second thing are specific regulation solutions. I mentioned pay solutions, for example, which are distinct and separate. Those also have some distinct regulation requirements. Typically, they’re run straight off the battery and so have some very –. So those are the two classes of things that we are most heavily focused on in mobile and are more in a harvest mode on the interface solutions although they are still important.
Steve Smigie: Okay great thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel. 
Kevin Cassidy: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Wireless charging seems to be a trend for the second half of this year. Do you have much exposure there, what dollar content would you have?
Mark Thompson: We don’t have a lot of exposure to wireless charging. I am not a big believer in its long-term strategic importance and I think it will be fairly quickly turned into a commodity.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. And you also had mentioned some benefits of disruption may be with Infineon acquiring International Rectifier. Do you see other benefits; it seems there is a lot of consolidation happening in the market, are you benefiting from that too?
Mark Thompson: Yes. So what I would say is, every time a competitor goes away life gets a little bit better, right. It’s sort of a moving, it’s almost like a moving part analysis right. Each competitor has a distinct strategy, so if you have to keep track of five company strategies and all of a sudden you have to keep track of four, it’s just easier. And similarly there is inevitably share concentration in most of these. And so when the combination gives a share and a certain socket, that’s above typical threshold amounts then that gets rebid and we’ve seen that. So what I would say is so far our observation has been – consolidation is good for the general market.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay, great. Thank you. Congratulations.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, morning. Couple of clarifications, first, just the legal expense in the second quarter, how much is that going to be and does that go into the third quarter?
Mark Frey: It’s up about $2.5 million from Q1 and it tapers in Q3 but doesn’t go away.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. Second, just maybe to make sure I have the numbers right, the 300 basis points to 400 basis points was the target from closing the fabs, you will pick up 200 basis points as you said give or take in kind of the vacuum in the third quarter, a little bit more in the fourth quarter. Should we expect then that 300 basis point to 400 basis point improvement entering 2016 was that what you’re articulating earlier?
Mark Thompson: Yeah. I mean it’s pretty consistent with the model we’ve got out on the web that we put out last September.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then two more quick follow-ups, you have $18 million left on the buyback, do you anticipate expanding that or I guess announcing a new buyback here this quarter?
Mark Frey: So we will have our Board meeting on the third week of May and one of the prominently featured ones will be a refresh on our buyback amount and strategy. We remain committed to returning excess share to our shareholders and so we will renew and announce the new program at the May meeting. And so the $18 million will carry us to May at the current pace that we’ve been buying, so there will be no disruption and we will have that data once we make our final choices.
Shawn Harrison: Gotcha. And then final question, I believe on the last call you thought the volumes in the mobile market would be essentially flat this year, do you think volumes will still be flat this year, maybe have a little bit more of a positive view on both unit volumes in addition to just your content upside?
Mark Thompson: So I would say probably there will be modest growth in total unit volumes. I think that’s the general view and we haven’t seen anything that is different than that. But there were some really big share shifts last year and so the share shifts long-term we’ve been successful keeping up with share shifts, short term they are always a little bit disruptive. So given the big movement on one of the big players last year, we thought it was prudent just to assume that the total available handset would stay flat. And so there is probably a little bit upside based on the things we see today. I mean certainly the most recent announcement looks like it’s been very favorably reviewed and in fact people love the adaptive charging which we love. It’s featured in their apps right, so that’s a neat thing to see.
Shawn Harrison: That’s always a good thing. Congrats on the results.
Mark Thompson: Thanks.
Operator: And with no further questions in the queue at this time, we will turn it back to today’s speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Thompson: Great, well, thank you very much. That will conclude our call today. We appreciate your interest in Fairchild.
Operator: And this does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - VP, IR Mark Thompson - Chairman, President and CEO Mark Frey - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Chris Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Vivek Arya - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Steve Smigie - Raymond James Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Financial Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Fairchild Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Just as a reminder, that today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead sir.
Dan Janson: Good morning. And thank you for dialing into Fairchild's fourth quarter and full year 2014 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's Chairman and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we'll be attending the Susquehanna Semi, Storage & Tech Summit on February 24 in New York then Morgan Stanley Tech, Media and Telecom Conference in San Francisco on March 4 and the Bank of America Small and Mid Cap Conference on March 17 in Boston. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our fourth quarter financial results and discuss the current status of first quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions-and-answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. A replay of this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principles. We use non-GAAP measures, because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with the GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors, including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now, I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. For the fourth quarter of 2014, Fairchild reported sales of $337 million, down 12% sequentially and 1% from the fourth quarter of 2013. Our adjusted gross margin was down three points to 32.4%. This was below the low end of our guidance, due primarily to lower sales and higher than expected inventory write-offs. R&D and SG&A expenses were $92 million, which was down 4% from the prior quarter. Spending was better than expected, due primarily to further G&A cost reductions and lower variable compensation. Fourth quarter adjusted net income was $12 million and adjusted EPS was $0.10. The adjusted tax expense was $4 million for the quarter. We reported a GAAP tax expense of $45 million, which was due primarily to a couple of non-cash tax asset charges. In Korea we concluded that the tax holiday available on profits from our eight-inch fab would limit our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets in the future. We recorded a full valuation allowance of $37 million against these deferred tax assets. In Malaysia we also adjusted down a deferred tax asset value associated with the expected sale of our Penang site after it was closed. Full year revenue for 2014 was up 2% compared to 2013 at $1.43 billion as sales growth in most of our businesses was partially offset by weakness at one large customer. Fairchild reported a net loss of $35 million or $0.29 per diluted share in 2014, compared to net income of $5 million or $0.04 a share -- per diluted share in 2013. Adjusted net income for 2014 was $76 million or $0.62 per diluted share, compared to $35 million or $0.27 per diluted share in 2013. Our adjusted tax rate for the full year 2014 was 9%. Now I would like to review our fourth quarter sales and gross margin performance for our two major product lines. Sales were down 13% from the prior quarter for MC Cubed business driven by lower demand from the consumer and computing end markets, coupled with ongoing weakness at one large mobile and consumer products customer. MC Cubed adjusted gross margin was up more a point from the prior quarter to 43%, due primarily to higher utilization in the prior quarter and lower variable compensation. In our PCIA business, sales were down 11% sequentially due primarily to normal seasonality as well as the impact of lower demand from one large mobile and consumer products customer. Given the core of the normal summer in China in 2014, customers are working through some excess air conditioner inventory, which also impacted our sales in Q4. We expect customers to clear this excess inventory in the first quarter of this year. Adjusted gross margin was down sequentially to 28%, due primarily to lower utilization and higher inventory write offs, partially offset by lower variable compensation. Turning to our balance sheet, we increased internal inventory by approximately $12 million or 5% sequentially in the fourth quarter. This increased days of inventory to 106 days as build bridge inventory to support our manufacturing consolidation. We expect to complete the bridge inventory build in the first half of 2015, then gradually deplete inventory to end the year below 90 days. Days of sales outstanding or DSOs were flat at 34 days and payables increased slightly to 42 days. Free cash flow was $33 million for the fourth quarter. For the full year 2014, we increased free cash flow 38% to $139 million. We ended the fourth quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $155 million, which was up $18 million from the prior quarter despite repurchasing $80 million in stock. For the total year 2014, we repurchased $142 million in Fairchild stock. Turning now to forward guidance, we expect sales to be in the range of $340 million to $360 million for the first quarter. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 31% to 32%, due primarily to lower factory loadings from the prior quarter and the resumption of some payroll related taxes. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $94 million to $96 million, due primarily to the resumption of FICA and another payroll related taxes. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 12% plus or minus three percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although, we may choose to do so before we announce first quarter results. Now I’ll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark Thompson: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We significantly improved our financial performance in 2014, while making steady progress on our manufacturing and consolidation, which we expect will drive much of the margin and earnings growth for 2015. I'll begin with brief recap of our progress in 2014 and discuss the actions we are taking to further deliver -- deliver further improvements in 2015. Finally, I'll review some current quarter results and our perspective on the first quarter. Let's begin by looking at our progress in 2014. We grew sales 2% in 2014 compared to 2013 despite a significant decrease in one major customer that impacted sales by roughly 3%. We posted double-digit sales growth into the automotive, battery charging, communication infrastructure and data center end markets. We expect to continue growing our exposure to these important sectors in 2015 and in subsequent years. Our results in the automotive sector are particularly impressive as we grew sales every year since the recession up 250% since 2009 and now represent 15% of total company sales. While our sales in mobile end market were lower in 2014 compared to 2013, this is driven by decreased demand from one large customer. We maintained or increased content in all key mobile markets in 2014 with solid growth at a number of leading Chinese manufacturers. We increased adjusted gross margin three points in 2014 compared to 2013 and nearly doubled our EBIT. Capital spending was less than 4% of sales in 2014 and we expect to spend a similar amount in 2015. Lower CapEx and higher profitability enabled us to significantly improve free cash flow in 2014. I'm particularly pleased that we're able to buyback more than 10 million shares of Fairchild's stock at an average price of just over $14 during 2014. Overall, Fairchild delivered a solid year of improvement while making important progress on streamlining our manufacturing. Looking toward 2015, our manufacturing footprint consolidation is on-track and we expect to have 100% of our qualifications complete during the current quarter. We plan to wind down operations at the affected sites in Q2 and close them on schedule this summer. In addition to the financial benefit, we also expect the manufacturing changes to increase our flexibility and responsiveness to customers. To illustrate the improvement in supply robustness, at the start of this process less than 25% of our products had two independent sources, while by the completion of the process 60% will have two independent sources. Our greater use of external capacity will also shift our cost to be more variable, which will in turn enable more consistent financial performance across the year in the business cycle. While we believe the primary driver of margin growth in -- an earnings growth in 2015 will be these manufacturing improvements, we are also excited about many design win opportunities in numerous attractive markets. We continue to expand our sales into the automotive sector with our industry-leading Powertrain solutions that enable greater fuel efficiency. We grew this business 15% in 2014 and expect similar growth in 2015. In the industrial sector we are leveraging our integration expertise to deliver power modules targeting high efficiency solar invertors. Our power management solutions for communication infrastructure and data enter applications are being well received by customers. Our mobile business, which has experienced minor contraction each of the last two years due to our shift in strategy from interface to power management, will resume growth in 2015. We have numerous new design wins in the mobile sector for 2015 across all major markets and all major suppliers. We will provide more details on these new products and design wins as they ramp across the year. Turning now to the fourth quarter results and our perspective on Q1. The larger than planned channel drain in the fourth quarter was primarily due to unexpectedly weak distribution orders in the second half of the quarter while POS remained steady. The situation changed dramatically at the start of the first quarter and we have seen strong bookings. We have booked more than $100 million in new orders to-date in Q1, or run rate in excess of $400 million a quarter. Our backlog is also ahead of our model of what is required to achieve Q1 guidance. This bodes well for the prospects for a strong first half. We are rapidly building backlog and increasing our factory loadings in the first quarter to address this higher demand. In closing, Fairchild delivered solid financial improvement in 2014 and will build on this momentum in 2015. In fact, this will be a transformative year for Fairchild. Our manufacturing consolidation is on-schedule, and will fundamentally improve our supply robustness, supply flexibility and profitability in 2015. 2015 is equally about design wins and new products, and we have the best new product pipe portfolio in memory, and we'll discuss these specifically as they impact our results. We delivered strong cash flow in 2014 which we used to buyback a sizable portion of our outstanding shares. We expect to improve our free cash flow again in 2015 and will continue to return 100% of our excess free cash flow to investors. Thank you. And I'll turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks Mark. We'll now open the call to questions. I would ask that allow -- in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks, and let's take the first question please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess the first one is for Mark Thompson. You talked about the bookings being a little softer in aggregate in the months of October and November then improving in December and thus far strongly in January. You gave a little bit more color on the disti side being a little bit different than that trajectory in your comment about a minute ago. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in true end demand? That volatility, what caused it and what sustainability you view in the current bookings and the implications for the first half of the year? So any more color on what truly caused the weakness and then the rebounding strength would be helpful.
Mark Thompson: Sure, Ross. So, I think the weakness -- primarily I interpret it as normal year-end caution, slightly exaggerated. And I don’t really have a good explanation for the reluctance on the part of distribution. Primarily in November and December actually it's a place filled to match out going POS, and so that resulted in the channel going down. And so, if I look at it the incoming order rate is catching up to that, right. I mean I didn't expect it to be as low as it was in Q4 and I didn't expect it to be as high as it was starting Q1. So it's just a little bit of an exaggeration of a normal effect, right. The normal effect is you see some slowdown at the end of the fourth quarter. It's always a little hard to match what -- to model what it is. And then you start Q1 a little bit slowly and then it builds across. So instead there was a bigger than expected in end of Q4 and a stronger than expected rate as we start Q1. If you net across it again, I think we always go back to POS and the POS was actually very steady in the distribution channel across Q4, so steady POS declining, matching order fill resulted in a big channel drain. And so that's really -- I think people don't worry so much about supply in early January, so if you want to meet -- if you're distributor and you want to meet your asset management goals, it doesn't hurt to draw down the inventory a bit. And I don't think it was anything more than that. As we look at the demand pattern as we stand here in Q1, it's very broad based.
Ross Seymore: Great. And I guess it's my one follow-up switching over to Mark Frey. You guys have a lot of moving parts in your gross margin for this year. I know you don't formally guide beyond the first quarter, but can you go through some of the levers that we should think of, utilization in the first quarter, what that might mean for second quarter gross margin? And anyway to help us size the benefits in the second half of the year from the restructuring program that you're putting in place. Thank you.
Mark Frey: Sure. The puts and takes in the first half of the year, a positive is the build ahead plan because that creates activity in the factory. But on the negative side, as you get close to the closure date, you do reach a point in time where you can't discontinue your fixed cost immediately, and so you get a bit of an underutilized facility. We're managing that very carefully. We'd love to run a facility that's essentially [debt-out] [ph] until the end of June and just make the transition. Your normal puts and takes is that second quarters and third quarters tend to be our peak revenue, so that they would provide volume for us, which obviously helps in the overall transition getting from period-to-period. Then in the second half of the year we have the -- biggest favorable is the discontinuance of a lot of fixed expenses. And we start to ratchet up our new capacity with a fair amount of utilization. And that depends on how efficiently the new capacity can develop yield and capabilities. Obviously, they're going to be making new customer sets. Plus another favorable is we'll actually begin to take products from the new external sources which have good cost structures and so we've negotiated good prices with them. I guess the only other thing would be a modest merit that we're going to do starting in the second quarter per normal. So those are most of the puts and takes. I'd say inventory E&O is -- we've allowed for a slightly higher than normal run rate in our running of the business just to coincide with the prebuilt, but it is an area that surprised us a bit in Q4 and we're keeping our eye on it for 2015.
Mark Thompson: Ross, the one detail I would add to what Mark just said is as expected we're taking up the build plan significantly in Q1, which obviously will benefit Q2.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Hi. Good morning; and thank you for taking my questions. On that last question on factory loadings in Q1 how much of that is due to the build ahead of the fab closures kind of middle of this year. And how much of that is anticipation of a seasonally stronger second quarter.
Mark Thompson: I don't think I can provide an exact partitioning, but what I would say is that the two fabs that are being closed are -- have been running flat out and will continue to run flat out as Mark said until they actually shut down. So there isn't a change in loading there. The change in loading is in other parts of the businesses where we did ramp production down considerably in the third quarter.
Mark Frey: Another way to look at is just look at the percentage increase in the midpoint of Q1 sales guide and that should correlate with the build plan related to the normal movement of revenue volume, and then add roughly a kicker for the prebuilt.
Mark Thompson: Right. So, if you look at our fixed structure the Salt Lake six-inch and Bucheon five-inch have stayed at constant maximum loading across this period, whereas our Bucheon eight-inch, which will be the primary recipient of capacity was taken down; and Maine is the other recipient of capacity it was also taken down. And so, it goes back to the comments that Mark made. Those two will receive the fill plus some foundry upon the closure of the five and the six-inch line. But the five and six-inch line today and through this will be running flat out.
Harlan Sur: Okay. Great. Thanks for that insight. And then, industrial and automotive are typically seasonally stronger here for the team in Q1, so first question is are you seeing that sort of normal seasonal trend here? And then, can you talk about some of the drivers of your double-digits growth outlook for the automotive segment this year? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: Sure. So, yes, we are seeing normal seasonal strength at least in Q1. We had some caution around some of the appliance in China which has strengthened considerably, so we feel good about that. Our automotive trajectory has been -- we have best-in-class solutions across a number of the key ways that automobile OEMs meet their either CO2 or fuel economy standard. And so, if you look at where we see growth, we see growth in acceptance of our products in electrification and electrification here isn’t hybrid or battery-powered cars, strictly speaking, although we do participate in that its removal of traditional parasitic loads like power steering and water pumps and replacing them with electric motors. And so that is in the main stream of where OEMs are going to achieve their fuel economy standards and we have best-in-class solutions there. In addition to that we have -- and the second area is integration of ignition drivers, so putting the entire control in IGBT solution right on the coil in a one coil per cylinder kind of application, and there we've taken that from simply supplying the IGBT to the integrated control module. So that's a kind of a tripling in content for us. And then finally, we are expanding our customer base. So whereas we've been traditionally concentrated in Europe and the U.S. for these kinds of solutions, especially Europe, we're increasingly seeing acceptance of design in at major Korean manufacturers and starting in China as well. So it's really -- it's a content, its content, it's customer growth and region growth.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Fin Group.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. If I could just go back to gross margins first and maybe ask in a little different way and tie back to what you said at the Analyst Day and at the Analyst Day you outlines a number of different initiatives with several hundred basis points of gross margin improvement, the biggest being the fab closures. Could you help us to quantify which one of those and how much hits in the second half of this year out of all the things you talked at the Analyst Day and then how much we would expect to be further as we go into 2016?
Mark Thompson: As I recall, there were about four major things we showed you, the cost reduction impact of the closures. The additional depreciation that happens over time simply because we are investing less and more depreciating in the business. Positive mix coming from some of the applications that Mark just mentioned and some of our emerging mobile applications and just general volume, which is a 4% growth kind of assumption. For the second half of the year obviously the major impact and it won't be a 100% of the impact because it comes out over time, is the cost reduction related to the manufacturing consolidation. The volume of let's say the revenues get into the $380 million, $390 million plus range, you saw what the impact was last year when that happened. So you can kind of use the same math. The depreciation happens over time. We'll work at giving you a schedule and try to give you a little more visibility on that because we really don't anticipate capital needs that would exceed say $60 million, $65 million per year in the foreseeable future. So essentially you can calculate what that would look like. And then the mix will happen as we get market penetration in that we'll get a little bit of it in Q2 and it will pick up steam and we expect that to actually be a fairly large contributor in 2016.
Chris Caso: Okay. Thank you. As a follow-up, if for some time we've been talking about distributors reducing inventory. I think last quarter was maybe the first quarter they raised dollars, but I think it was down in days if I recall correctly. Obviously there's a broader trend of distributors lowering inventory I guess that's the question again of -- is there something else underlying here that's indicated by distributors taking the inventory down? At what point do you think that likely has to flatten out and then what your expectations are for the first quarter? Are you anticipating further distributor inventory reductions in your guidance?
Mark Thompson: So first of all I didn't see anything special in Q4. I think it's really normal that customers try to manage their inventory going out of December because they report year end in many cases. More broadly speaking if you go back to the earlier part of the last decade, channels have tried to take about a day, a year out of inventory and they've been successful at that and I think it's been good for the industry. In terms of Q1, we'll seek to replenish some of it. So we at the very low nine-week range, we feel a bit discomfortable if we did a surge in end demand. So in our thinking it would be a bit of a replenishment.
Chris Caso: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. On the wireless front, can you talk about kind of where you are from a design to revenue perspective on things like rapid charging and then also any update on some of the traction that you're seeing within China specifically?
Mark Thompson: Sure Craig. So we're seeing the adoption today of a rapid/adaptive charging both in the large Korean manufacturer as well as the significant China manufacturers and that is occurring as we speak and adoption rates are going up. The early implementations have been well received. If you saw some of the reviews of the latest Samsung offering for example, there were a number of positive reviews about how rapidly it recharged and so it’s a thing that is getting positive attention. People see that and they know that’s a feature they need to add. So that’s one that will be a net positive across 2014. In general what we expect is that the -- we think the unit volumes will go up modestly overall in 2015, but our content position in every case will increase in 2015. So that will be a bigger contributor for us than unit volume.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then as a follow up, you guys have been very clear about use of cash in terms of going to buybacks. It sounds like that continues to be the case, but as you look at whether at some point later this year in 2016, how does the Company and the Board think about a dividend kind of entering the mix at some point here?
Mark Thompson: So we are open-minded about that. When we turned on the current share buyback program, we had active conversations with our major shareholders and so I would consider that to be the approach that we'll take this time. As we increase the amount of cash that we have that will -- there is obviously an opportunity for us to both buyback and layer in a dividend if that’s what majority of our shareholders prefer that we do. So what I would say is that I wouldn’t expect there to be a policy change certainly in the first half of the year, but probably mid-year say in the third quarter, we'll probably go back out and add that into our dialog with our major owners and then our policies will represent the center -- kind of the center of gravity of their point of view.
Craig Hettenbach: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets.
Christopher Rolland: Hey guys. Thanks for the question. You guys usually point to gross margins as a result of utilizations the quarter before and you guys also have a benefit of couple of weeks into the next quarter to judge loadings. So I was wondering -- I guess you guys talked a little bit about inventory write-downs, but what created a scenario where you missed the growth margin range like we had in 4Q and why not more accuracy in your guidance. Thanks.
Mark Frey: Well, most of the miss was inventory write-downs. Historically we have about 1.5% I believe of our revenue as excess and obsolete and that lines up pretty well with competitors, but it is not forecastable with huge accuracy because what we do is we have an algorithm like most of the companies that looks at run rates of demand and current inventory and tries to calculate a need. And it’s hard -- some of those rates are hard to predict because they are part -- number specific going forward and I think exacerbating it in this particular instance is when you close a factory all the way down, you get higher scrappage activity because people are beginning to prepare for closing the entire facility. And of course on the pre-build although we generally exempt the E&O calculation we do, on some parts that have low expected part life, we have taken special reserves for them. So it represented a surprise to us, but that was most of the impact on the gross margin.
Christopher Rolland: Okay. And now that we sort of have a new lower run rate here because of some sort of near-term gross margin pressures, I think a lot of us are having trouble figuring out where gross margins eventually settle out after the restructuring. Do we have a stronger snapback because of these near-term effects here? It seems like a bit of a moving target. I know before we were talking about maybe flirting with 37%, 38%, 39% gross margins by the time we settle out and now it seems more like 36%, 37%. Am I thinking about that right? Are those the moving parts?
Mark Thompson: I think you are thinking about it right. I don’t see anything in the fourth quarter or the first quarter guide that’s going to change the end point after we complete the consolidation program. So again the same material that we showed in September.
Christopher Rolland: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra: Hi good morning. As a follow-up to an earlier question, how much of the distributor inventory replenishment that you're expecting in Q1 is embedded in your Q1 revenue guidance and what would be your expectation for distributor sell-through sequentially in Q1?
Mark Thompson: Sure. So Tristan, there is a couple of moving parts there. So the net is that we think that we will take the dollar amount up approximately $4 million in Q1 is what’s anticipated in our guidance recall. So Q4 went down about $8 million, but we're also taking a -- one of the large China mobile customer's direct, which actually impacts so that we will not ship -- that won’t be a channel event any more. That will be a direct revenue event. So the net amount approximately $4 million of what you -- of what you would call classic replenishment right. So a pretty small number.
Tristan Gerra: Okay.
Mark Thompson: In terms of point of sale, point of sale -- the five-year average for point of sale in Q1 is up 1% or 2% versus Q4 and so we would normally model that right. So the only replenishment would be that $4 million and then basically we would follow point of sale up typically and match ship-in to ship-out and that’s -- that’s the framework that we use to create the guidance.
Tristan Gerra: Okay. That’s useful and then company’s last quarter has talked about the rebound in October following what was weakness end of Q3. Then we saw weakness again and now we're hearing about a rebound into the beginning of the year. What is the level of visibility you have into March post Chinese New Year holidays particularly given some signs of weakness potentially in the white good market in China? What gives you the confidence that -- and the visibility that the pick up that you're seeing continues beyond February?
Mark Thompson: So Tristan, one of the -- if you look, Q1 has an unknowable in the same way, the Q4 has an unknowable right. So we always know that there will be a bit of a slowdown in December and we always know that there will be a bit of a slowdown around Chinese New Year. What you can’t really do is model its depth and duration right and so we -- as a placeholder, we'll typically use five-year averages for that and so that’s the way we look at it this year. Now on the specific concern around weakness in China, I am less concerned about that there maybe your words reflect in the sense that we've got a lot better visibility into inventory situation than we -- than we had say a few years ago. We put a number of tracking systems in place. We’ve seen a big inventory reduction that people worked on in the fourth quarter that is now presently reversing. We think the inventory levels are okay and we see the resale activities there being quite healthy.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. I had a high level question and then one more detail. So Mark, on the high level question, I think investors are grappling a little bit with some of the macro volatility we're seeing and the need for stimulus in different places versus what the semiconductor companies are saying for example yourself and then Linear, which is at industrial and automotive and some of these macro drivers are holding up pretty well right now. Are we missing something here? Is it just a content gain opportunity that I think people might be underestimating? I am just curious what your views are on this disconnect?
Mark Thompson: So I don’t know if it’s a disconnect per say right. If you look at the -- if you look at the things that are driving our business, there are things that are typically influenced by one of two things. Either government requirements for things like energy efficiency for example and that in the case of automobiles and appliances really makes the content gains mandatory in effect right. And so if you look at the car example or the appliance example, the worldwide appliance demand isn’t growing that much and maybe 1% or 2% a year. If you look at the -- except for very, very cheap cars in China, the same is true for high content cars. The volumes are not going up. What is going up is the Silicon content drastically going up and so that’s -- so that’s I think part of the disconnect. So car volumes can have a poor year and people like us who are supplying the ability to convert to the electrification of traditional parasitic loads can see substantial growth as we have. So I think that’s one piece of the disconnect. I think the other one is -- is what are people doing with their money right, the discretionary income? And so far the mobile -- the high end mobile sector is experiencing a disproportionate share of people’s disposable income to the expense of some other categories right. And if you look at -- the thing to remember is when you look at a phone, it isn’t just a phone, it’s the whole infrastructure behind the phone. So it’s the -- it’s the Bay stations, it’s the data rates in the Bay stations, it’s all the server farms that make it run, it’s growing content and video, social networks are big part of that right. So there is an apportioning of the demand from those macro trends that I think is just -- is just gaining a disproportionate share of whatever discretionary income exists. So I think that's to the extent there appears to be a disconnect, I think that there are those two things. And then if you look at the industrial side, I think if you look at factories, if you have a factory, you have to make it as efficient as you possibly can. So people are continuing to capitalize and improve their -- the capabilities of their plants right. So a lot of that drives things like -- aspects of the so called Internet of Things and so forth. So I think that’s -- those are some of the reasons why they don’t exactly line up the way you might think.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Very useful. And then as my last question, I think late last year, you had mentioned some weakness at some gaming customers. If you could, A, give us some update on that and then B, I think you sort of alluded to it, but if you could give us some color around your large Korean customer. Do you see any improvement in trends? I know you mentioned more content, but are you seeing any improvement on the unit side as we'll? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: Sure. So the gaming customers have a tradition of making their suppliers life miserable in the fourth quarter and they did that again in Q4 and then normally, they -- once they built what they think they need, then they just turned it off and then launched new platform starting in Q1 and we are saying that exact plans right. So it was a hole in Q4 and it will recover toward the end of Q1 and then into Q2 and to the middle of the year. So that’s a -- that’s a kind of a normal thing. It was -- like several other inventory moves, it was a little bit bigger than normal exiting 2014, but the trend is -- it was more or less the same. In terms of the big Korean supplier, from a percentage point of view in 2014 they lost a lot of share. Everybody knows that. But the volumes actually were only down a little bit. And so our expectation is that the volumes will also only be down a little bit in 2015, but on a percentage basis of course that will given that the total is growing will appear to be a share loss. So -- but it was big pain for us and all their suppliers in 2014 because their models didn't reflect -- their models reflected more volume than they actually wound up selling and so they had big corrections that occurred particularly in the second half of the year. I would say -- I think their expectations are more aligned with what I think reality will be and more aligned kind of with 2014. So I think that that pain and correction that everyone experienced in 2014 will be substantially mitigated in 2015.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Mark I know you guys only guide -- Thompson I know you guys only guide one quarter out. But if I grow kind of revenues seasonally to the five-year medium off of the March guide, I am barely getting any revenue growth for all of '15, which is somewhat inconsistent I think with the qualitative guidance you've kind of given on the call. I guess can you help me understand are you expecting above seasonal quarters and beyond March and if you are what do you think the most likely drivers of that will be.
Mark Thompson: So I think there's a couple of drivers. So if you look at -- you can break it up in a couple of different ways. If you look at 2014, we had -- if all we had done is hold that one large customer flat, we would have been up 5% '14 versus '13. We remodel them as flat in 2015. So if you look at the uplift that comes I think -- so the other piece of it is that we've had -- we've been -- we've had as I mentioned in my commentary two years of mobile contraction because of some significant shifts in strategy that are done. So I guess -- I suppose I wouldn’t view it as seasonal as more reversal of trends in a couple of key places in our business, which have been a drag on our ability to move the top line. So we certainly expect a 2015 that -- if you look back to 2014 and held that large customer flat, it would have been a 5% revenue progression versus 2013, we expect something of that magnitude in 2015. And that’s what we're planning around driven by all the constant areas that we've been talking about and focusing on and I think that they will all align positively in 2015.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful Mark. And then longer term, as you guys execute to the restructuring any kind of hit the target margin you laid out at the Analyst Day last fall. You're going to end up being significantly more profitable than many of your direct competitors. And I guess my question is, how do you avoid customers using that fact to try to extract their pound of flesh relative to pricing and do your targets kind of contemplate passing some of those benefits on to customers or does it assume that all the benefits occur to you.
Mark Thompson: We haven’t changed the slope of expectation of price reductions from our customers, right. So that’s the way I would look like at it right is, if we had changed that, that might represent a risk element, but there is a -- to your point, there is an ongoing expectation that things costs less than they did before. So you have to keep both productivity in front of that, but you also have to have the quality of product that allows you privilege position with the customer right. So I think you have to have both the productivity and the product in order to sustainably have maintained those margins. If I look at our positions from Brushless DC motor control to electrification of vehicles and in places like travel adaptors, we've been able to sustain I guess what you might call an unfair share, disproportionate share of those for quite a while in large part because our product is better than any of our competitors and our customers value what it will do and then therefore the socket stays. And so it's predicated upon the quality of our products continuing to improve by quality. I don't mean defect level -- I mean the value to the OEM. We understand that we have to continue to improve the value of the product of the OEM in order to make that model work and that’s really the foundation of what we've been working so hard on over the years to put in place as a sustainable kind of engine.
John Pitzer: Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Steve Smigie: Great. Thanks a lot guys. Mark, assuming you could talk a little bit about the products further, you had pretty positive tone here on what's coming in 2015. And I know you probably want to go into more detail in the future, but could you give us some sense at least, is this more the fully integrated sets of solutions or is it some updated versions of some facts and stuff like that or some mix of that?
Mark Thompson: It's all the above.
Steve Smigie: Okay. And is there any particular end market you laid out, cloud and industrial as your new target markets, is that kind of the thrust there is that’s where the new product is coming or is it one of the those markets in particular?
Mark Thompson: No, it's very broad based. If you look at the approach that we've taken, it isn’t singular in its approach. It looks at place where people are really driving performance and efficiency and enables that to happen.
Steve Smigie: Okay. And for the facts or the discrete is it -- do you have newer versions of say high voltage facts, low voltage facts, IGBTs or is it just that you had already introduced versions and they're just -- you're going to benefit from design ends at this point?
Mark Thompson: Well we have -- we have generational versions of sort of all of our major platforms from low voltage through mid-to-high voltage. And so parametrically people expect progress on two fronts. One is switching efficiency and then the other is resistance per unit area right. So some pitches continue to get smaller. It’s a power switch version of Moore's Law though strictly speaking it's not driven by the process, by the pure feature size of the process technology, but the ability to construct the trench structures and ever finer pitches. And constructing the mix of inflating gate layers and poly to allow very, very high switching efficiencies to run at higher frequencies and reduce passives and so forth. So there is a lot of moving parts in the technology and we'll typically advance those about every other year. So it's not like one big thing. If you look across that, there is improvements in IGBTs, improvements in high voltages, improvements in mid voltage, improvements in low voltage and they hit at different times. Now those also increasingly we see are becoming highly integrated co-package with drivers and so specific improvements on drivers for unique application is all part of the package right. So we're seeing increasing need for what we anticipated, which is the switch needs a driver, needs a controller, needs a very high power density packaging capability to do system and a package. And those things just a piece at a time occur and so you can't attribute progress to a specific function. It's really -- you have to maintain competitive or super competitiveness in each of those and then the ability to integrate them as the customer platforms evolve.
Steve Smigie: Okay. And for the integrated solutions and is it -- what you're talking about is just like driver plus moss that integration or is there something more sophisticated generally?
Mark Thompson: Well I regard that as pretty sophisticated. But the driver plus moss, plus controller in advance package technology is where it's going.
Steve Smigie: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel Financial.
Kevin Cassidy: Thanks for taking my question. Can you say what the impact if any foreign exchange is for Fairchild?
Mark Frey: Yes, the Euro has been a headwind because we have more revenue dollars in Euro than we do expenses and the Yuan has been a tailwind. So we have more cost in Korea than we don't really do a lot of revenue in Yuan. And so our costs in Korea are translating back to smaller dollar equivalents. You don't see a lot of that in the current results because we hedge the Yuan and therefore the -- you don't see that move quarter-to-quarter very rapidly, but if the Yuan stays in this 1100 range, that would be a net tailwind to the financials in the second half of this year and 2016.
Kevin Cassidy: And just as a follow-on how about from competition, say from European manufacturers?
Mark Frey: Well for European manufacturers obviously, they're getting a cost reduction for European fabs. We tend to package in the same places. So our packaging is all in the same currency and the same is true with the Japanese manufacturing in Yen.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison: Hi, hopefully a quick clarification and two questions, I got on the call a bit late. Did you highlight a book-to-bill ratio for the first quarter and if so what was it so far?
Mark Frey: We didn't highlight a book-to-bill ratio quantitatively what we did offer was the booking rate so far, which is a run rate north of $400 million a quarter. So if you took our guidance on that, it would for that period if it was all liner, it would translate into some number around 1.2.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And the book-to-bill ratio must have been below one then in the fourth quarter.
Mark Frey: Correct.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then the two I guess focus questions I have, you took some incremental cost out of SG&A this quarter as you've been progressing through kind of the three structuring actions. Are you seeing additional cost to take out of the model and if so, how much is that in magnitude? And the second question is in '14 you essentially spend all your free cash generation on buy backs. Should we expect a similar dynamic in '15?
Mark Frey: So in real spend on OpEx, we took -- if you take out the variable pay component, which is can confuse the picture, is we took out about $30 million of real spend in 2014 versus 2013. I don't think that we'll be able to do quite that much in 2015, but it certainly every year we try to get more efficient on the whole bunch of fronts from our R&D efficiency to the infrastructure that we use to run the company. So that's just a constant of life that we try to get better at every single year. From a cash use point of view, we have no policy changes in 2015 versus 2014 and so as we generate cash we will return it to the shareholder.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue.
Mark Thompson: Okay. Well thank you operator. Well with that, we will conclude our call today. Thank you for your interest in Fairchild.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - Senior Director of Investor Relations Bernard Gutmann - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC, Executive Vice President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and Treasurer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC Keith D. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC
Analysts: Matt Diamond - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Dean Grumlose - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Vanessa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Parag Agarwal. Please go ahead, sir.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Vanessa. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's Third Quarter 2014 Quarterly Results Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay will be available at our website approximately 1 hour following this live broadcast and will continue to be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the third quarter 2014. The script for today's call is posted on our website. Additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels and share count is also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the third quarter of 2014. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements that reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors. I take this opportunity to remind you of our 2015 Analyst Day, which we plan to host on February 26, 2015, in Scottsdale, Arizona. We will be mailing formal invitations and further details on our 2015 Analyst Day shortly. Also, during the current quarter, we will be attending the Crédit Suisse Technology Conference in Scottsdale, Arizona on December 3. Now let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of third quarter 2014 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Let me start by providing an update on overall business results. For the third quarter, our core business was impacted by a slowdown in orders in the second half of September. This slowdown continued into October, but in the past few weeks, we have seen a recovery in orders for shipments in the first half of 2015. This recovery in orders leads us to believe that the fundamentals of our business remain strong, and we see no evidence to suggest a drastic shift in demand patterns for our products. We remain confident in strength of our -- in the strength of our business, and prevailing supply-demand dynamics in the industry remain favorable with low levels of channel inventories. However, we remain cognizant of developments on global macroeconomic and geopolitical fronts, and we are prepared to align our business with any changes in the demand environment. Integration of our recent acquisitions of Truesense and Aptina Imaging is progressing well. We remain on track to deliver projected financial results provided at the time of announcement of our acquisition of Aptina. For the third quarter, Aptina was slightly accretive to our non-GAAP net income, which excludes the impact of such items as costs related to restructuring, fair market value step-up of inventory, amortization of intangibles and other special items. Keith will provide additional color on the progress of Aptina and Truesense. Now let me provide you an update of our third quarter 2014 results. ON Semiconductor today announced that total revenue for the third quarter of 2014 was approximately $834 million, an increase of approximately 10% as compared to the second quarter of 2014. Included in our third quarter results is the contribution from our acquisition of Aptina Imaging, which closed on August 15, 2014. GAAP net income for the third quarter was $0.09 per diluted share. Excluding the impact of amortization of intangibles and restructuring, step-up valuation of inventory and other special items, non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $0.21 per diluted share. GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was 34.1% as compared to 36% in the second quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was 35.6%, down approximately 60 basis points, quarter-over-quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin in the third quarter declined quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to the inclusion of Aptina in our financial results. Gross margin for Aptina is currently below that of our core business. However, as we had indicated at the time of announcement of the acquisition, we expect to see a steady improvement in Aptina's margins going forward, as we integrate Aptina's operations with ours. On a year-over-year basis, our non-GAAP gross margin improved by approximately 80 basis points. This improvement in non-GAAP gross margin was driven by improved operating performance and significant progress in restructuring of the System Solutions Group, partially offset by the inclusion of Aptina in the third quarter results. Average selling prices for the third quarter decreased by approximately 2% as compared to the second quarter. GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2014 was 6.9% as compared to 10.8% in the second quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 13%, down approximately 40 basis points as compared to the second quarter of 2014. Inclusion of Aptina's results in our financial results was the key driver for sequential decline in the non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter. On a year-over-year basis, our non-GAAP operating margin improved by approximately 90 basis points in the third quarter. GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were approximately $227 million as compared to approximately $191 million for the second quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were approximately $189 million, up approximately $16 million as compared to the second quarter of 2014. The sequential increase in non-GAAP operating expenses was driven primarily by the inclusion of Aptina and a full quarter of Truesense in our results. We exited the third quarter of 2014 with cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $495 million, a decrease of approximately $106 million from the second quarter of 2014. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was approximately $92 million as compared to approximately $152 million in the second quarter. We spent approximately $67 million of cash for the purchase of capital equipment and approximately $372 million for the purchase of Aptina. We borrowed approximately $230 million from our revolving line of credit to finance the acquisition of Aptina. During the third quarter, we used approximately $33 million for the repayment of long-term debt and capital leases, and we used approximately $23 million to repurchase approximately 2.6 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $9.23. At the end of the third quarter, approximately $89 million remained of the total authorized amount under the current stock repurchase program. We intend to utilize this remaining amount of $89 million before the end of the current stock repurchase program in August of next year. We remain on track to generate annual free cash flow of $300 million to $400 million in the near to midterm. We define free cash flow as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures. We expect our capital expenditure should remain in the current range of 6% to 7% of revenue in the near to midterm. At the end of the third quarter, ON Semiconductor days of inventory on hand were 123 days, up 4 days from our prior quarter. Excluding the impact of fair market value step-up of Aptina's inventory, days of inventory at the end of the third quarter were 121 days. I would like to point out that in calculating the number of days of inventory, even though we used quarter-ending inventory number for Aptina, we used only 6 weeks of COGS, as the acquisition closed on August 15. Adjusting Aptina's COGS for the full quarter, days of inventory, excluding fair market value step-up, at the end of the third quarter would have been approximately 110 days. In the third quarter of 2014, distribution inventory was up approximately $12 million quarter-over-quarter, and distributor resales increased by approximately 1% quarter-over-quarter. In terms of days, distributor inventory was up marginally quarter-over-quarter and remained within the 9-week range in the third quarter of 2014. For the third quarter of 2014, our lead times were approximately flat as compared to the second quarter. In the third quarter, our global factory utilization was in the high 80% range as compared to the mid- to high-80% range in the second quarter. Now let me provide you an update on performance of our business units, starting with our newest reporting segment, the image-sensor group or ISG. This segment incorporates our acquisitions of Aptina and Truesense, our imaging business acquired from Cypress in 2011 and our optical sensor business. Revenue for our image-sensing group was approximately $104 million as compared to approximately $24 million in the second quarter. Included in ISG's results for the third quarter is the contribution of approximately 6 weeks from Aptina and a full quarter from Truesense. Revenue for our Standard Products Groups for the third quarter of 2014 was approximately $317 million, up approximately 4% quarter-over-quarter. Revenue for applications product group was approximately $266 million, down approximately 4% quarter-over-quarter. Revenue for the third quarter of 2014 for the System Solutions Group was approximately $147 million, down approximately 4% quarter-over-quarter. The performance of the System Solutions Group continues to improve steadily, and in the third quarter, SSG was accretive to our non-GAAP EPS, with contribution of approximately $0.01. In line with our stated goal, we expect SSG to be accretive to our non-GAAP net income for the full year of 2014. Non-GAAP EPS and net income exclude the impact of such items as cost related restructuring amortization of intangibles and special items. Now I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. Although our third quarter results and outlook for the fourth quarter were impacted by a slowdown in order patterns, we believe that our business remains strong. Based on the order activity during the second half of October, we believe that the recent pause in order activity was temporary. As Bernard indicated in his remarks, we've seen a recovery in order activity during the past few weeks. While the data thus far is limited and business conditions can change quickly, based on current trends, we believe that business conditions should improve significantly in early 2015. Despite the recent slowdown, supply-demand dynamics continue to be favorable, with lean inventories in the supply chain. In addition to normalization in business conditions, our design wins and a vastly expanded portfolio of image sensors from our recent acquisitions should enable us to drive strong growth. Our outlook for our key strategic markets, which include industrial, automotive and smartphones, remains intact and we will continue to invest to drive growth in these market segments. Customer response to our acquisitions of Truesense and Aptina Imaging has been very encouraging and has exceeded our expectations. A number of leading OEMs and integrators have reached out to us with intent to partner with us for next-generation of Image Processing Systems for automotive and industrial applications. The acquisition of Aptina and Truesense has opened new doors for us and positioned us to further increase our presence with key accounts in automotive and industrial end markets. With the heightened level of customer activity, and our existing design win pipeline, we are increasingly more confident of delivering strong financial performance for Aptina and Truesense. We believe, we now have in place an optimal operational structure, which will enable us to generate significant operating leverage from revenue growth. Restructuring related to the System Solutions Group is effectively complete, and we are beginning to see positive impact on our margins and earnings from SSG. We remain on track to realize full impact of the $4 million quarterly savings by first quarter of 2015 from the closure of our back-end manufacturing facility in Japan. Performance of our core business remains strong. We plan to complement the strength of our core business with strong performance by our recent acquisitions of Aptina and Truesense. We are looking forward to a higher level of EPS accretion from these acquisitions in 2015 and beyond. Now I'll provide some details of the progress in our various end markets. The automotive end market represented approximately 29% of our revenue in the third quarter and was up approximately 7% quarter-over-quarter. Contribution from Aptina was a key driver of sequential growth. Solid design win activity continued during the third quarter and included strong adoption for our SmartFET, LED driver, MOSFET, intelligent power modules, igniter and protection solutions. These wins specifically address body electronics, lighting, active safety and powertrain applications, which are at the core of our automotive customer alignment strategy. During the quarter, we received a commitment from a major Korean OEM for body electronics and lighting solutions for next-generation vehicles. Additionally, we secured a win at a key Tier 1 customer for body computer applications, in which our relay driver and SmartFETs have been designed into a high-volume program for a major European OEM. Our image-sensor business for automotive continued to gain traction worldwide, with acceleration adoption of our rear view camera solutions. During the quarter, we expanded our rear view image sensor product portfolio with the introduction of an innovative VGA system-on-chip for high-performance applications. Standard product revenues for automotive hit record highs this quarter, driven by MOSFETs, rectifiers, small signal, zeners and protection devices. On the new product front, a key milestone was achieved with the qualification of our latest IGBT igniter solution, which utilizes an Ignition IGBT from our Application Products Group and a control IC developed by our System Solutions Group. Revenue for the fourth quarter for our automotive segment is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, represented approximately 19% of our revenue in the third quarter and was up approximately 20% quarter-over-quarter, driven by ramps of new programs and contribution from Aptina. Despite an impressive 20% sequential growth, our communications revenue lagged our expectations due to softness in the Asia-based smartphone market. We continue to gain market share in the smartphone market with our battery protection, battery chargers, protection devices, filtering and power management ICs. Traction for our autofocus and image stabilization solutions for smartphone camera modules remains strong, with a ramp of new wins at Chinese smartphone OEMs. Demand for our lithium-ion battery MOSFETs continues to accelerate, led by broad-based adoption across various smartphone OEMs. Our DC-to-DC power management, protection and filtering products continue to maintain their momentum with strong ramp at global OEMs and at a Chinese smartphone vendor. We gained multiple design wins on Chinese smartphone platforms for display power, LED drivers, camera modules and battery solutions. Revenue for the fourth quarter for our communications segment is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. The consumer end market represented approximately 16% of our revenue in the third quarter and was up approximately 5% quarter-over-quarter. Contribution from Aptina was a key driver of sequential growth. Production ramps began during the quarter for our MOSFETs, ESD protection and custom VGA device solutions for several leading game console manufacturers for new holiday models. Shipments continue to ramp during the quarter for multiple imaging devices to customers, manufacturing action sports cameras, gaming consoles and various video applications. In particular, we are gaining traction among action, sports camera customers with our new 1.4 micron pixel sensor that features the speed to capture full 8 megapixel sensor resolution at a rapid 30 frames per second. Standard product sales in the consumer products were up quarter-over-quarter, specifically for home electronics, gaming and set-top box applications. We experienced declines in the consumer white goods market due to normal seasonality. However, our design wins in the white goods market should drive strong growth in the near to midterm. Design wins for our intelligent power modules and fan motor drivers at a key Chinese home appliance maker should begin to ramp in this current quarter. We are completing regulatory approvals for our newest intelligent power modules, which have been designed in by several white goods customers to replace products from a key competitor. Production of these intelligent power modules will be ramping before the year end. Revenue for the fourth quarter for our consumer segment is expected to be approximately flat quarter-over-quarter. The industrial end market, which includes military/ aerospace and medical, represented approximately 22% of our revenue in the third quarter and was up approximately 13% quarter-over-quarter. The sequential growth was driven primarily by the contribution from Aptina and Truesense. Within the industrial segment, we continue to see strong demand for industrial circuit breakers, medical imaging, security cameras and magnetic card swipe readers for mobile point-of-sale applications. Revenues during the quarter were driven by continued sales of mixed signal ASIC solutions to customers for building automation, health-care CT scanners, point-of-sale readers, meter-to-meter communications, machine vision for glass inspection and bar code scanning. During the quarter, we shipped our first production volume of PLC modem ASICs to a key smart meter maker in Asia. We continue to gain traction with our image sensors in 720p and 1080p security camera applications, and we are increasing market share with our top tier suppliers in China. Our now expanded image sensor portfolio continues to find new applications, including drones, smart vacuum cleaners, smart helmets and molecular sensors. Industrial-related revenue from our Standard Products was led by major customers for power supplies, control sensing and general lighting. In our Medical Product Group, we introduced a cutting-edge technology called Struix, which enables us to deliver semi-custom solutions to the portable and wearable medical market. Customers have been extremely pleased with this technology as it reduces design time, development risks and costs associates with fully customized solutions. Revenue for the fourth quarter for our industrial segment is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The computing end market represented approximately 14% of our revenue in the third quarter and was up approximately 7% compared to the second quarter. Aptina was a contributor to the sequential growth in the computing market. Sales in the computing end market benefit from stabilizing PC unit shipments and a continued migration to Haswell and Broadwell platforms, on which we see improved market share. We also benefited from our SAM expansion strategy, with ramping sales of VCore controllers commencing for channel motherboards. In addition, we continue to see strong demand for our MOSFETs and protection products in PCs and hard disk drives. Revenue for the fourth quarter for our computing segment is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to seasonality. In other news, our Ezario 7100 DSP system-on-a-chip for hearing health was named Promising New Life-Saving Technology of the Year by the Annual Creativity in Electronics, or ACE, Awards, sponsored by EE Times China, EDN China and ESM China. Also, Flextronics honored us with their 2014 Strategic Supplier Award. Also, Celestica recognized ON Semiconductor as an honoree in its 2013 Total Cost of Ownership Supplier Awards program. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Before I get into the details of guidance for the fourth quarter, let me draw your attention to various moving parts in our guidance for the quarter. First, the fourth quarter of 2014 is unusually long, with 96 days as compared to 91 days in the third quarter. The longer quarter should result in higher operating expenses, but we are not expecting much revenue upside from the extra number of days due to the holidays in various parts of the world. Second, fourth quarter results will incorporate the full contribution from Aptina as compared to approximately 6 weeks in the third quarter. Third, we plan to reduce factory loadings in the fourth quarter. And last, our results include recent acquisitions of Aptina and Truesense, which add more than $600 million of annual revenue on a trailing basis. Therefore, the range of our guidance for a few items, in absolute terms, is wider as compared to the historic -- to their historic trends. Now for the fourth quarter 2014 outlook. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns level, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $835 million to $875 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. Backlog levels for the fourth quarter of 2014 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated fourth quarter revenues. We expect that average selling prices in the fourth quarter of 2014 will be down by approximately 1% to 2% as compared to the third quarter of 2014. We expect inventory at distributors to fall quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $60 million to $70 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. For the fourth quarter of 2014, we expect GAAP gross margin of approximately 31.8% to 33.6% and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 33.4% to 35.5% -- 35.4%. The quarter-over-quarter decline in gross margin for the fourth quarter is driven primarily by the decline in organic business and the inclusion of Aptina's results for the full quarter. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $237 million to $249 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairment and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $32 million to $34 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $205 million to $215 million. The increase in operating expenses in the fourth quarter over the third quarter is driven by the inclusion of Aptina for the full quarter and a longer fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $9 million to $11 million for the fourth quarter of 2014, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $2 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $7 million to $9 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $7 million to $10 million, and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $7 million. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $11 million to $13 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2014 is expected to be approximately 442 million shares based on our -- the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Vanessa, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore.
Matt Diamond - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Actually, Matt Diamond on behalf of Ross. I'm -- I wanted to ask you about the Aptina gross margin. It sounds as though it left you some dilution in the gross margin this quarter now. I know that it was mentioned that you expect some -- that pretty steady increases there. But any sort of timeline you could give as to when Aptina could reach the corporate average gross margin-wise?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, if you look at what we announced at the time of the DA, we said that the gross margin was going to steadily improve and reach that by -- in about 1.5 years, and next year, it should reach, if I recall, 33% average. And we should deliver $0.08 of EPS.
Matt Diamond - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood. And just for a little bit of specificity. How much did Aptina contribute revenue-wise in 3Q? And how much do you expect it to contribute in 4Q?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, if you look at our segment reporting that we are publishing and we talked -- and I talked about in the prepared remarks, our revenue in the ISG group grew from $24 million to $104 million, of which the bigger -- biggest contribution is Aptina.
Matt Diamond - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Aptina, okay. And finally, just on a bigger picture, it was mentioned earlier in the year that about 65% of core on revenues, we're going to be from legacy products and 35% from, presumably, higher-margin new products. I'm curious, has that dynamic, is that still largely in play? And if it is, have those percentage changes -- have those percentages changed given the, one, the end demand dynamic, and two, the recent acquisitions of Aptina and Truesense?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I think I'm going to interpret your question literally. We had 65% coming from our core investment areas, industrial, automotive and smartphones, which had higher margins, not legacy versus more advanced or higher margin. So it's really -- margins are really driven more by the sectors that we service than by the age of the product. So net-net, we've given you the percentages there for Q3. We anticipate that automotive and handset revenues will continue to outpace the rest of the revenues in the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I think you had mentioned that there was some pickup that you saw in order activity. I'm curious, is it broad-based? Is -- what end markets? What geographies? And is that abnormal? Is that normal to be picking up at this time? If you could just give us a little bit more color on what you are seeing in real time in terms of demand environment?
Keith D. Jackson: Sure. It is relatively broad based. And the abnormal and normal, frankly, the slowdown was a little stronger than we normally see in September, and then the pickup is a little bit stronger than we normally see it in October. So I would say, in this case, the pickup is certainly stronger than we normally see.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And you mentioned that computing could be down in Q4 due to normal seasonality. Are you seeing any weakness beyond normal seasonality in PCs? Because a different vendor was implying big order cards and excess inventory of components tied to PCs and I was curious what you are seeing.
Keith D. Jackson: We saw their comments. We think the market is extremely normal in seasonality and will be down in the very low single digits quarter-on-quarter.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, very helpful. And then one last question. Where are you in terms of Aptina integration? I think when you had made the acquisition, you were planning to start in-sourcing some of the production and assembly and I was wondering where you are in that process. And overall, what are the next milestones we should look forward to?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So integration happens on many fronts. From a manufacturing perspective, the in-sourcing that we discussed will really start to hit fully in first quarter of 2015. Our people systems will be live in January 1, and the financial systems are in a range of completion that will be totally behind us mid-next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabriela Borges.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I would like to ask a follow-up on the Aptina questions. Just in terms of the gross margin, getting that gross margin up to the corporate average. With the acquisition now closed, maybe you could give us a little bit of granularity on the drivers of getting gross margins to get up and where that upside could come from?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, sure. So big factors there. We talked about the in-sourcing of manufacturing. The first stage of that actually kicks in early next year. But as we go through 2015, we will continue to in-source more and more of that product, which will give us kind of a quarterly improvement opportunity. Secondly, we do believe, from a growth perspective, we will be outpacing our automotive and industrial growth, where our highest margins are. So the mix will kick in. And then lastly, our new products, which they're coming out in very rapid fashion now, have much improved margins over the older counterparts that they're replacing. So manufacturing on the gross margin plus the markets we serve, plus new products.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And as a follow-up, if I may, just on the distributor inventory commentary from the prepared remarks. I think you mentioned it was up slightly in the September quarter and then would come down in the December quarter. Any additional color you could provide on what you're hearing from distributors in terms of resale of the channel inventory would be very helpful.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Yes, just the inventories, certainly, we're sell-through, so I don't want to mislead anything on there. But their inventory, they tend to be very closely managed, particularly in Asia. And as the order pattern slowed in the September time frame, their orders on us also slowed. So we're staying in a very lean 9-week range. We'd like to see more like 11, and as a result, we're carrying a little bit more internally than we normally do. From an order pattern perspective, I think the -- again, they're strengthening in the resales is what we're hearing as we've gone through October.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: I'd like to take a little bit deeper up in automotive, both on a near-term and a longer-term dynamic. Near term, can you talk about some of the gives and takes that you're seeing by geography in the sequential sales strength? And then longer term, the business looks like it should be up to about 30% of sales and it is one of your highest-growing end markets. So over the next 12 to 18 months, where do you see the mix of the business evolving to?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So from a geographic perspective, we saw slight weakenings in Europe, but the other markets were in pretty good shape and continue to grow. On the more midterm range, where do we see automotive? I certainly see that this could become 1/3 of the business in the next couple of years.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Then the follow-up, Bernard. On the -- on manufacturing utilization, prepared remarks indicated that it would decline in the fourth quarter. Can you quantify how much you'd expect it to decline? And then, given that there's some in-sourcing, can you comment on where that in-sourcing would occur and how that would impact utilization in the first quarter?
Bernard Gutmann: So the utilization, as we said, is in the high 80s. I would expect that it would tone down to the mid-80s during the fourth quarter. We're going to take advantage of certain of the holidays to also give preventive maintenance and also to do good inventory management. The in-sourcing of the CFA operation is not a significant component in terms of changing the overall total company utilization. It is just that we acquired this function or this manufacturing function from a third party and are going to run it ourselves.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. And then last from me on operating expense. Can you talk about some of the gives and takes as we look beyond the calendar fourth quarter? I'm not asking for specific guidance, but there would likely be synergies from the Aptina deal there, but there's also cost of living adjustments. So what are some of the pluses and minuses as we look at the intermediate term from where we are in 4Q?
Bernard Gutmann: So in general terms, I would expect the overall operating expenses to still remain in that 22% to 24% of revenue, about 23% being absolute dollars for next year. The synergies should be offsetting the -- any inflationary increases. They remain fairly flat.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: The question. So wanted to follow up there and understand what it is that gives you guys confidence that the slide's sort of over. Is it bookings for 1Q '15? I think you said you were 80% to 85% filled for this quarter. I was wondering, how does that compare to prior 4Qs that you've had? And then how are you doing on coverage for 1Q, backlog coverage for 1Q versus where you would normally be this far out?
Keith D. Jackson: So we normally enter quarters 80% to 85% covered and we normally take -- our bookings profile fills up fairly long based on the mix we have of industrial and automotive. So again, that's a very normal thing. I would expect that by the time we get to Q1, we'll also be in similar shape from a percentage coverage perspective.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. Also, in terms of lead times, we've been tracking those. They sort of rose all through the year and then downticked a little bit last quarter. I think a lot of that was back-end manufacturing related. That was perhaps the constraint there. Did you fix that? Did you put more online? Is that why lead times came down? Or is this partially demand related?
Keith D. Jackson: Lead times were very slightly down during the quarter, they're almost flat. And yes, we've been installing additional capacity all during the year. So obviously, revenues have been going up. Lead times didn't collapse dramatically from a market perspective, as you can see from our results, so really it's just capacity keeping up, capacity investments keeping up with what we're doing market-wise.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. If I could just squeeze one more in there. Aptina, I guess, if you just do the numbers, it sounds like an $80 million contribution from Aptina. That was just 6 weeks with, I guess, 7 more to go here rolling on in 4Q. That would put us at a run rate well beyond the $532 million that they did last year. Is that just the seasonality in the business? Or should -- or did we actually see an uptick in growth there?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, it is -- if you actually look at the Aptina number itself, it's about $72 million, a little bit less than $72 million. And indeed, it was also a seasonal pattern of -- in the August, September time frame.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Could you remind us what percentage of your production is currently outsourced? And how will that ratio change once you're in-sourcing Aptina?
Keith D. Jackson: So approximately 25% to 28% is outsourced in total. And with Aptina, even with the in-sourcing there, that number will not change appreciably.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. With Aptina, right now, the portion that we're in-sourcing is a very small fraction of the total manufacturing. Most of it will remain, at least in the short term, with the foundries and subcontractors.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then, sorry if I've missed it, could you tell us what revenue is embedded in your Q4 guidance for both Aptina and Sanyo?
Keith D. Jackson: Sanyo, fairly similar numbers to what you saw in Q3. And Aptina, I actually don't know. Our IC numbers, are we showing those?
Bernard Gutmann: It's fairly in line with what we had communicated when we did the DA, in that same range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Ing.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: The pickup you're seeing in recent weeks, how much is the -- how of it is the overall semiconductor cycle versus company-specific program ramps? And given now the visibility into 2015, obviously, that sort of longer-lead-time orders, is that for any particular products or applications? And why are you assuming that the first quarter is sort of broad-based visibility?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, it's fairly broad based. I think, earlier from our comments, you can see that the handset market, we believe, is a little softer overall, the normal seasonality. But all of the other markets are behaving seasonal or better.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. So it's overall semiconductor cycle, you think, for the December quarter?
Keith D. Jackson: I think -- I don't think there's a change in cycle. Like I said, I think there's some reaction to a slowdown in the handset market that's temporary and everything else is pretty seasonal, from what we're seeing.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then computing, driving that down seasonally. Remind me how much exactly is that in your mind. And how much of that is share gains, obviously, inner sales guiding PCs down towards...
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So normal seasonality there is low single digits and that's where we expect it to be.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Yes. Any exposure, OEMs versus distribution channel, in computing? Obviously, AMD saw some weakness in the distribution channel.
Keith D. Jackson: Again, most of the comments you'll hear from our competitors are because they're sell-in. Since we're sell-through, we see the end markets and we're just not seeing any corrections at all in the end markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question here on Aptina. Now that you've put together a pretty big portfolio of parts there between them and Truesense and other stuff you already had. How have the conversation been going with your customers? I mean, is it a realization that you're obviously focusing there and you become to a go-to player in that space?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. No, it's been really exciting and I've had the opportunity to personally get out and talk with some very big customers. They all see it as a plus. They see it as ON bringing some much-needed infrastructure and security of supply to a company that had some great technology but didn't have the critical mass that they like to see. So that combination has been really exciting and we're getting a lot of pull from the big customers out there.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. I think also during the quarter, you announced a joint venture with Transphorm. I think at APAC, you also demoed some products in conjunction with some nitride transistors. So I'm just curious, what does that JV do for you guys? What's the opportunity there?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. We're working together to basically accelerate introduction of products into the end market. And from our perspective, the internal manufacturing is not quite released yet, but we can get the wafer fab from a release source at our partners, and we're doing the packaging and working with our systems customers on in-solutions.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just on the gross margin, is there -- now that you have Aptina included, is there a particular revenue level that you might point to where you could potentially see yourselves get to the high 30s or some sort of milestone, I guess, now that you've got Aptina involved, as a way to think about gross margins?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. I think it's more. As Keith mentioned earlier, the achievement of the synergies on the CFA as well as the shift over time in margin more than an absolute revenue growth level. And I believe -- and we plan on addressing that in much more detail at the Analyst Day next February, with a more longer-term view of things.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy.
Dean Grumlose - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: This is Deam Grumlose calling in for Kevin. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit of color around your PC power management business, particularly around whether you're benefiting from Bay Trail, Ivy Bridge, various Haswell designs?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, the Haswell and Broadwell solutions have been ramping during Q3, so they're a bigger portion of the total. We think we have significant share gains there. And so I don't know what else you're looking for there, but we think the trends are favorable from a share perspective as we continue to go through the year.
Dean Grumlose - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Are you seeing traction yet in SkyLake? Or is that -- is it too early to comment on that?
Keith D. Jackson: It's really too early on that one. I mean, design-wise, things are exciting, but it's too early to get final decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Van Hees.
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: In regards to Aptina, when you guys had your conference call and you talked about the acquisition, you focused a lot on the industrial and automotive. And now that it's a part of the company, it seems like you guys are going to be focusing on the overall product line more into the computing area as well as the other more low gross margin. Is that how we should be looking at things, that the overall business is going to grow or...
Keith D. Jackson: No. Yes, I think the overall business will grow. The main strategy is you focus on automotive and industrial, which we think will help drive margins, but then you can sell the products you develop into a broader marketplace. And so there is no reason not to sell them into the broader marketplace. Our intent was never to completely exit other markets. It's just really focus the investment where the growth and the margins are.
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Bernard, you've typically given us the gross margin breakout for the System Solutions Group, Sanyo.
Bernard Gutmann: So for this quarter, the System Solutions Group was approximately 22% on a non-GAAP basis.
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And speaking of operating expenses, I was wondering, as we're looking at Q1 and synergies, are we going to get some synergies at all in Q1? Or are we going to obviously get the uptick that we're going to normally see from FICA and things like that? So how should we be looking at OpEx with the addition of Aptina and synergies there?
Bernard Gutmann: We're right now in the way to specifically guide for Q1, but the synergies in general should be gradually coming throughout the year, with the completion towards the half or back half of the year.
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my last question is, in your prepared remarks and you guys talked about it, you said the slowdown you saw was broad based and then the pickup, again, has been broad based. Is there any specific market that came back a little bit sooner or weakened faster and came back sooner? I was wondering if you could kind of help us there understand what's happening in the industry.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. In my earlier comments, we saw more slowing than expected in the handset market in Q3. But from a recovery perspective, it's pretty broad based.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes. Just looking at the automotive and industrial side, can you talk about what are the design wins there that you're seeing in both those key markets? And how do you -- what's your -- how do you see the overall market there as you look out into mass [indiscernible]? Any weakness in any geography?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So auto, in my prepared remarks, we went through quite a bit of details, but we have a very broad presence in automotive. We're seeing significant pickups from a revenue perspective in all of the lighting applications, the imaging applications and the safety applications at a faster pace than you would expect on the powertrain side. But generically, we're seeing good growth in every part of the automobile as they try and get more fuel efficiency as well as safety. Industrial, again, very broad market for us. We talked about lighting. We talked about controls in automation and, again, really good applications there. So I think the design win side of it is, it's just extremely broad because it's a big focus for the company. From a market trend perspective, I mentioned there's a little softening in Europe in the last quarter. We don't see signs that, that is turning into a malaise. I think the in-registrations there are actually fairly stable. And we see continued growth in both Asia and North America. So we've got a very positive outlook on that. And on the industrial side, we're seeing much more willingness by our industrial customers to upgrade their technologies, particularly incorporating some of the newer wireless standards and energy standards across our portfolio. So we see that as a positive trend as well. So having said that, I would say I would expect a little better performance in both of those markets next year than this.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. And last question here. When you look at the -- obviously, there's a sell-through, but when you look at the channel inventories in your auto, industrial, how do those look in the different geographies?
Keith D. Jackson: Again, order patterns are good across the board in industrial and automotive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Maybe I can just kind of go back to your overall comments, Keith, and you've been through a number of semiconductor cycles yourself. It sounds like some of the slower activity you saw was fairly brief and we've seen brief slowdowns before in industry, but this would seem to be exceptionally brief. Maybe comment on what you see now versus perhaps some of the more typical slowdowns and what sort of visibility gives you confidence in the brevity of some of the slower conditions that you identified?
Keith D. Jackson: Sure, and I have been through quite a few. I think what we're seeing really different pattern than in the past in the sense that we've had several years now of low GDP growth and so -- and that's reflected in low semiconductor growth, and, frankly, think that in the first half of the year, we got a little too exuberant in the handset market. And as a result, had great first half numbers and more normal performance in the third quarter, which people were expecting, again, more great performance. So I think it's more an expectation issue than anything else. Again, as I look across the broad markets, most of them are behaving seasonally. There was a little bit more of a correction on the handset side. I do see that as temporary. But I don't see a broad-based slowdown or the beginning of a down cycle in any of the numbers we're seeing.
Bernard Gutmann: And furthermore, the inventory levels at the [indiscernible] keep being quite lean, at the 9-week range, which, in prior cycles, they have typically crept up to higher levels.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: All right, okay. And just as a quick follow-on. I know one of the goals you guys have had this year was a -- some share gains in the handset market. To what extent have you guys been able to realize that this year? And has that been a contributor on a year-over-year basis now you're looking at the seasonal...
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, I think it has. I think it's been very positive. I think year-over-year, we're well up over 20% without acquisitions. And so we've been very pleased with our progress in that market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach.
Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Vinayak Rao calling for Craig. I had a question on China. Could you just talk about briefly in terms of demand trends you saw in September and especially as you move into October in China?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I mean, that is one of the primary places for the handset market, so we did see more slowing than expected on the resales in September. But we again have seen a pickup in order patterns in October that give us encouragement that it was a pretty short-lived correction.
Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And looking at the broad-based markets in China, like exposure you had to white goods?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. On the white goods market, seasonally, it's down in Q3. We provide a lot of products to things like air conditioners, et cetera, and so it looks to be fairly seasonal, looks very similar to what we saw last year.
Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it, that's helpful. So my follow-up is on like cash usage, like how are you guys thinking about cash going forward? Like, can we expect a step-up in buybacks post Aptina?
Bernard Gutmann: So as we mentioned in prepared remarks, we are poised to generate a good amount of cash, in the $300 million to $400 million, in the near to midterm. We will continue using our approved board share repurchase program. We'll have some debt that will be -- have to be paid down on a mandatory basis, approximately $40 million in the fourth quarter, and that's pretty much it for the short term.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Parag Agarwal for closing remarks.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Vanessa. Thanks for joining the call today. Please feel free to call us with any questions. Goodbye.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - Senior Director of Investor Relations Bernard Gutmann - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC, Executive Vice President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and Treasurer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC Keith D. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael C. Lucarelli - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Rachel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Parag Agarwal. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Rachel. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's Second Quarter 2014 Quarterly Results Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutman, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay will be available at our website approximately 1 hour following this live broadcast and will continue to be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the second quarter of 2014. The script for today's call is posted on our website. Additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies, channels and share count is also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections of other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our forms 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earning release for second quarter of 2014. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors. Please mark your calendar for our 2015 analyst day, which we plan to host on February 26, 2015, in Scottsdale, Arizona. We will be mailing formal invitation and other further details for our 2015 analyst day in a few weeks. Also, during the current quarter, we will be attending the Pacific Crest Technology Conference in Vail, Colorado on August 12 and the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference in Las Vegas on September 9. Now let me turn it over to Bernard Gutman, who will provide an overview of the second quarter 2014 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Let me start by providing you an update on overall business results. During the second quarter, we saw an accelerated sell-through in the distribution channel, and we continued to see strength in our key end markets. Distribution sell-through increased by approximately 10% quarter-over-quarter in the second quarter. Recall that in our first quarter 2014 conference call, we pointed to strong overall activity from the distribution channel, which we believe was the precursor to the strong sell-through we saw in the second quarter. Our margins continue to expand, driven by improving operating performance and a richer mix. Our design win momentum in our target markets of industrial, automotive and smartphones remain strong, and we are well positioned to benefit from prevailing secular trends and share gains in these markets. Global macroeconomic environment continues to be increasingly favorable, with improving trends across all geographies. Furthermore, supply demand dynamics currently prevailing in our markets continue to be benign with lean inventories, no significant expansions in capacity and a steadily improving demand environment. Now let me provide you an update of our second quarter 2014 results. ON Semiconductor today announced that total revenue for the second quarter of 2014 was approximately $758 million, an increase of approximately 7% as compared to the first quarter of 2014. GAAP net income for the second quarter was $0.20 per diluted share. GAAP net income for the second quarter was aided by a one-time benefit of approximately $21.5 million or $0.05 per diluted share, which resulted from the reversal of our previously established valuation allowance against U.S. deferred tax assets which, in turn, was the result of a net deferred tax liability recorded as part of the Truesense acquisition. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $0.20 per diluted share. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was favorably impacted by approximately $0.01 due to lower-than-expected cash taxes. The lower cash taxes in the second quarter will likely be offset by higher tax -- cash taxes in the third quarter of 2014. GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 36% as compared to 35.5% in the first quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 36.2%, up approximately 70 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin in the second quarter was negatively impacted by 40 basis point as compared to the first quarter due to the higher cost for overhead absorption related to the closure of the Systems Solution Group's back-end facility, which is also known as KSS. As operations at KSS have now stopped, we don't expect any further material negative impact on our non-GAAP operating results from KSS. On a year-over-year basis, our non-GAAP gross margin improved by approximately 250 basis points. This strong gross margin performance was driven by improved operating performance and a richer mix resulting from strong growth in higher margin industrial, automotive and smartphone businesses. Average selling prices for the first quarter decreased by a little over 1% as compared to the first quarter. GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2014 was 10.8% as compared to 10.4% in the first quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 13.4%, up approximately 100 basis points as compared to the first quarter of 2014. On a year-over-year basis, our non-GAAP operating margin improved by approximately 390 basis points in the second quarter. GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were approximately $191 million as compared to approximately $178 million for the first quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were approximately $173 million, up approximately $10 million as compared to the first quarter of 2014. This sequential increase in non-GAAP operating expenses was driven by the inclusion of Truesense and previously announced increases in variable compensation, which resulted from improved operating performance during the first half of the current year. We exited the second quarter of 2014 with cash and equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $601 million, a decrease of approximately $16 million from the first quarter of 2014. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was approximately $152 million as compared to approximately $75 million in the first quarter. We spent approximately $49 million of cash for the purchase of capital equipment and approximately $91 million net of cash received for the purchase of Truesense. During the second quarter, we used approximately $38 million for the repayment of long-term debt and capital leases, and we used approximately $11 million to repurchase approximately 1.1 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $9.59. As we were involved in advanced stages of discussions related to the pending acquisition of Aptina Imaging, we halted our repurchase program during most of the second quarter. At the end of the second quarter, approximately $113 million remained of the total authorized amount under the current stock repurchase program. We intend to utilize this remaining amount of $113 million before the end of the current stock repurchase program in August of next year. At the end of the second quarter, ON Semiconductor days of inventory on hand were 119 days, down 4 days from the prior quarter. Included in our total inventory is about $31 million or 6 days of bridge inventory. Most of this bridge inventory is related to the consolidation of System Solutions Group's manufacturing operations. In the second quarter of 2014, distribution inventory was up approximately $13 million quarter-over-quarter, and distribution resales increased by approximately 10% quarter-over-quarter. In terms of days, distribution inventory decreased by approximately 0.5 weeks from the first quarter to approximately 9 weeks in the second quarter of 2014. For the second quarter of 2014, our lead times were approximately flat as compared to the first quarter. In the second quarter, our global factory utilization was in the mid to high 80% range as compared to the low 80% range in the first quarter. Now let me provide you an update on our 3 business units. Revenue for our Standard Products Group for the second quarter of 2014 was approximately $304 million, up approximately 4% quarter-over-quarter. Industrial and consumer end markets were the key drivers of revenue growth for Standard Products Group. Revenue for our Application Products Group was approximately $301 million, up approximately 8% quarter-over-quarter. Wireless and industrial were the key drivers for Applications Product Group. Growth in Applications Product Group was also driven by Truesense, which was incorporated in the Applications Product Group at the end of April. Revenue for the second quarter 2014 for System Solution Group was approximately $153 million, an increase of approximately 14% over the first quarter. This strong quarter-over-quarter growth was in line with our expectations and was driven by a ramp of new programs and strength in consumer, including white goods. We continue to make strong progress towards our goal of stabilizing the System Solutions Group, and we remain confident that SSG will be accretive to our non-GAAP EPS in 2014. Now I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. The results of the second quarter clearly demonstrate the strong progress we are making towards achieving our key strategic goals, which are set at the beginning of the year. Our key strategic priorities for 2014 are to drive year-over-year revenue growth in the mid to high single digit range for our key targeted end markets of automotive, smartphones and a select area of the industrial; generate strong free cash flow; and stabilize System Solutions Group to be accretive to our non-GAAP EPS in 2014. Let me begin with the growth in automotive, smartphones and industrial end markets. I am pleased to report that our momentum in these markets continues to accelerate, and our year-over-year revenue growth in these markets, thus far in the year, has been in the double-digit percentage range, well ahead of our stated target of mid to high single digits. This strong growth is being driven by market share gains along with secular trends of increasing semiconductor content in these applications. Our design win momentum in our targeted end markets remain strong, and we believe that we will continue to add to our momentum in these markets. We believe that our systems knowledge, scale and broad product portfolio, along with the most competitive product offerings will enable us to become the supplier of choice for our customers. We expect our momentum in these markets to further accelerate as our design wins begin to convert into revenue. Our cash flow generation continues to improve, as System Solutions Group-related restructuring costs have been subsiding. We remain on track to generate annual free cash flow of $300 million to $400 million in the near to mid-term. Despite our continuing growth, we should be able to maintain capital expenditures in the current range of 6% to 7% of revenue. The recently announced foundry agreement with Fujitsu Semiconductor should further help us optimize our capital expenditures. Moving on, after hitting a small speed bump in the first quarter, our System Solutions Group delivered a stellar performance in the second quarter by posting quarter-over-quarter revenue growth of 14%. SSG second quarter results were in line with our guidance and were driven by strength in smartphones, consumer electronics and white goods. SSG's design win pipeline remains strong, and we expect to see increased contribution from ramps of new programs in the second half of the year. We remain on track to ensure that SSG is accretive to our EPS in 2014. With the restructuring measures implemented in the last few quarters, we are confident of achieving significant improvement in SSG's profitability in the second half of the year. During the second quarter, we saw broad-based strength across most of our end markets, driven by the healthy order trends and strong sell-through in the distribution channel. Distribution sell-through in the second quarter was up approximately 10% quarter-over-quarter, following strong order activity from a distribution channel in the first quarter of 2014. Based on the current booking trends in our design win pipeline, we remain optimistic about near to mid-term business trends. Along with strong top line performance, we continue to post significant improvement in our operating performance. Our gross and operating margins improved significantly during the second quarter, and we expect to see additional improvements in the near term. We believe that we now have in place an optimal operational structure which will enable us to generate significant operating leverage from revenue growth. In addition to the operating leverage, restructuring measures related to SSG should continue to contribute to margin expansion in the near to mid-term. As previously announced, we closed down the back-end facility in Japan, and we should now begin to see savings, which should reach $4 million per quarter by the first quarter of 2015. We recently announced signing of a foundry and investment agreement with Fujitsu Semiconductor. These agreements help us secure strategic manufacturing capacities for our future growth at attractive economic terms without straining our balance sheet and income statement. Furthermore, these foundry and investment agreements enable us to further strengthen our industry-leading manufacturing cost structure. As a result of these agreements, we don't expect to see a steep -- step function rise in our capital expenditures to support our revenue growth. Now I'll provide some details on the progress in our various end markets. The automotive end market represented approximately 29% of our revenue in the second quarter and was up by approximately 4% quarter-over-quarter. We saw a broad-based strength in our automotive segment with strong sales across all product areas. In particular, we saw record sales for our standard products in a number of automotive-related applications, such as lighting, infotainment, transmission and control applications. We believe that we are gaining share for Standard Products in the automotive market. In the second quarter, we saw continued traction for Ignition IGBT business, voltage regulators, switch mode power supplies and application-specific ICs or ASICs for customer-specific applications such as antilock braking systems, engine management and position sensing. We continue to increase our sales for our igniter products, as design wins with a tier-1 Japanese customer begins to ramp in our commercial production. Our design win momentum in the automotive market continues to be strong. Key design wins in the second quarter include a win at a Japanese customer for our integrated power module for an oil pump. Additionally, we have been selected by a key German luxury vehicle manufacturer as a partner in the development of next-generation integrated power modules for fan and pump applications. The integrated power modules come from our System Solutions Group. Finally, our momentum in LED lighting continues to accelerate, with wins in Korea and Europe, for front and rear LED drivers for model year 2016 vehicle launches. I am pleased to report that earlier this month continental Automotive Group awarded ON Semiconductor its 2013 Supplier of the Year award in the Electronics category. Continental conducts a wide-ranging appraisal every year. Suppliers are assessed and awards are given based on a list of predefined criteria including quality, technology, logistics and purchasing conditions. This award from Continental is additional proof of the strength of our product portfolio and customer relationships in the automotive market. Revenue for the third quarter for automotive segment is expected to be approximately flat to up slightly quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, represented approximately 17% of our revenue in the second quarter and was up approximately 6% quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality, ramp of new programs and continued momentum in the Chinese smartphone market. We continue to gain share in the smartphone market with our battery protection, battery chargers, protection devices, filtering and power management ICs. Traction for our autofocus and image stabilization solutions for smartphone camera modules remain strong with the ramp of new wins at Chinese smartphone OEMs. Demand for our lithium-ion battery MOSFETs continue to accelerate, led by broad-based adoption across various smartphones OEMs. Our DC-to-DC power management protection and filtering products continue to maintain their momentum with strong ramps at global OEMs and at Chinese smartphone vendors. We gained multiple design wins on Chinese smartphone platforms for display power, LED drivers, camera modules and battery solutions. Revenue for the third quarter for our communications segment is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter despite the negative impact from much publicized weakness in a few spots of the market. The consumer end market represented approximately 18% of our revenue in the second quarter and was up approximately 11% quarter-over-quarter. The white goods market grew strongly during the second quarter, driven by strong demand for intelligent power module solutions. We saw accelerating demand for our fan driver solutions for refrigerators, in our ASIC, IGBT and 8-bit microcontroller solutions for applications such as induction cooking. We replaced a competitor, a key air conditioner maker, which is now using our energy-efficient IGBT modules. Overall, consumer-customer orders for our Standard Products rebounded nicely during the second quarter. The largest standard product revenue ramps upside came from demand in China for our EEPROMs, OpAmps, comparators and MOSFETs. We also saw production ramps of our LDOs and rectifiers by a major Chinese air conditioner maker during the second quarter. Revenue for the third quarter for our consumer sector is expected to be slightly down quarter-over-quarter due to seasonality of our white good business. The industrial end market, which includes military/aerospace and medical, represented approximately 22% of our revenue in the second quarter and was up approximately 12% compared to the first quarter. In addition to solid organic performance, growth was driven by Truesense, which contributed revenue for 2 months during the second quarter. Within the industrial segment, we continue to see strong demand for industrial circuit breakers, medical imaging and magnetic card swipe readers for mobile point-of-sales applications. Production ramps during the quarter included an ASIC for circuit breakers for residential and commercial buildings at a key customer. We also had strong sales for our newly introduced PLC modem for meter-to-meter communications for the smart grid market in China. Within our now-expanded image sensor business, second quarter revenue growth was driven by our CMOS and CCD image sensors targeting high-speed surveillance and intelligent traffic applications. Currently, our image-sensor business does not include the pending acquisition of Aptina Imaging, which is expected to close in the third quarter. Industrial-related revenue for our Standard Products was up again this quarter, led by general distribution customers in China and by a major power supply customer for rectifiers and small signal devices. In the medical market, we received strong orders for newly launched R3110 hearing aid processors. In the cochlear implant space, a key customer launched a new product based on our DSP chips, and we now serve 100% of the players in this niche market. Revenue for the third quarter for our industrial segment is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. In the third quarter, our industrial segment will benefit from contribution from one full quarter by Truesense. Second quarter results incorporated Truesense's results for only 2 months, as the acquisition closed at the end of April. The computing end market represented approximately 14% of our revenue in the second quarter and was up approximately 3% as compared to the first quarter. Sales in the computing end market benefited from stabilizing PC unit shipments and Vcore market share gains as Haswell and Broadwell platforms continue to ramp. We also benefited from our SAM expansion strategy with initial sales of Vcore controllers commencing for channel motherboards. Vcore shipments increased by more than 10% sequentially, driven by a richer mix of Haswell and Broadwell platforms. In addition, we continued to see strong demand for our MOSFETs and protection products in PCs and hard disk drives. Revenue for the third quarter for our computing segment is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter due to seasonality. In other news, ON Semiconductor was awarded the 2013 Best Partner Award from ASUSTeK Computer Inc., a leading global provider of notebook computers and motherboards. The award recognizes ON Semiconductor for its innovative solutions and outstanding performance in technology, quality, service and delivery. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Before I get into the details of guidance for the third quarter, let me draw your attention to the changing seasonality of our business. As mix of our business has shifted towards automotive, industrial and white goods, which now comprise of approximately 55% to 60% of our total revenue, the seasonality of our business is much more balanced between the first half and the second half of the year. The impact on seasonality for the second half of the year is further compounded by moderation in historically strong second-half seasonal patterns for computing and consumer markets due to secular trends. Therefore, the impact of seasonality for the second half of the year in our business will likely be minimal as compared to historical trends, and our guidance for the third quarter is indicative of changing seasonality of our business. Now for third quarter 2014 outlook. Our guidance for the third quarter does not include any contribution from our pending acquisition of Aptina Imaging. I must point out that a comparison between our guidance and consensus number for the third quarter may be challenging, as consensus numbers include a few estimates that incorporate contribution from Aptina in the -- for the third quarter. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $765 million to $795 million in the third quarter of 2014. Backlog levels for the third quarter of 2014 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated third quarter 2014 revenues. We expect that average selling prices in the third quarter of 2014 will be down by approximately 1% to 2% as compared to the second quarter of 2014. We expect inventory at distributors to rise on a dollar basis. We expect our total capital expenditures of approximately $55 million to $65 million in the third quarter of 2014. For the third quarter of 2014, we expect GAAP gross margin of approximately 35.6% to 37.6% and non-GAAP gross margins of approximately 35.9% to 37.9%. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $184 million to $196 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which are expected to be approximately $14 million to $16 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $170 million to $180 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $9 million to $11 million for the third quarter of 2014, which include noncash interest expense of approximately $2 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $7 million to $9 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $8.5 million to $11 million, and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $6.5 million to $8.5 million. Cash taxes are expected to be higher for the third quarter as compared to the second quarter due to the timing of certain cash payments which were pushed out into the third quarter from the second quarter. This pushout results in a headwind of $0.01 to our third quarter non-GAAP EPS as compared to the second quarter. Beyond the third quarter, we expect our cash taxes to normalize in the range of approximately $5 million to $7 million per quarter for the near term. We also expect share based compensation of approximately $11 million to $13 million in the third quarter of 2014, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the third quarter of 2014 is expected to be approximately 444 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our annual -- in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And Rachel, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Ross Seymore.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question is on the System Solutions Group. Can you talk a little bit about what your growth expectations are for that going forward? And maybe, I know it's in your 10-Q, but can you maybe tell us what the gross margin was for that segment and how you expect that to progress going forward?
Keith D. Jackson: Of course. We do expect continued growth into that business segment. We expect the 360 -- excuse me, $160 million kind of range per quarter as you get into 2015, but to remain in the $150-plus million range throughout the rest of this year.
Bernard Gutmann: So the gross margin for the third quarter was 20.3% on a non-GAAP basis.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And I guess as a bigger picture question, Keith, you talked a little bit about your changing seasonality. So I wanted to see what that means not only for the fourth quarter but also the first quarter, which I assume the first wouldn't go down as much. But even a little bit bigger picture than that, there's recently some concerns about the cycle peaking. People worry that demand is going to start to slow down from here. Can you just talk about what you're seeing out there and how it compares to other cycles? And basically, where do you think we are in a fundamental cycle?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we have not seen the order falloff that we normally see as a cycle peaks, and so we're encouraged by the continued strength of new orders. I do think from a -- we're seeing seasonality. And maybe the seasonality has changed, where it's a bit more muted second half over first half. So our expectation, I guess, would be a little better Q1 and a little less growth in Q3, with Q4 being kind of flattish is still a normality there. But we're just not seeing a big falloff in the order patterns like we normally see before the market turns over.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had a clarification and then a question. How much was Truesense in June? And what do you expect it will be in the September quarter?
Bernard Gutmann: It was approximately $13 million of revenue in the second quarter. And we expect it to be in the $19 million to $20 million in the third.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then for my question, you know your stock is trading at a fairly low valuation relative to this sector and you are expecting to generate very strong free cash flow, right? Close to 9% free cash flow yield. My question is, what will it take to accelerate some of the buyback activity?
Bernard Gutmann: So we remain committed to buying back the amount that we have out there. And obviously, as we mentioned in the prepared script, we had to halt our trading due to the impending Aptina Imaging acquisition. That is obviously now out in the air, in the public, so that basically gives us the opportunity to continue resuming. And we plan on exhausting that plan, as we have said in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gabriela Borges.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe I'll ask a follow-up to the earlier question on the cycle, but specifically, what you're seeing at distributors. Maybe if you could just elaborate on the prepared remarks on refills and inventory as we try to reconcile the orders being up 20% in 1Q and the refills being up about 10% in 2Q. So maybe you can just comment broadly on what you're hearing as you're going to the back half in terms of distributor resale forecasts.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So our distribution sector continues to forecast growth into the second half. As we mentioned, we did shift the more total dollars in the second quarter, but the resales increased at a faster pace. So the net of it is less weeks of inventory, and that's normally how they manage their business. So we expect the second half to continue strong and be increased over the first half.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And as a follow-up, if I may. Specifically on the communications segment in 3Q, maybe you can talk about what's driving the growth there, whether it's the cost that we have exposure to and maybe some on-specific market share gains. And any commentary either by region or the performance segments where you're seeing the strength.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we're seeing good growth in our China handset makers offsetting some of the more public lack of growth other places. And just in general, see continued growth of the smartphone segment at the expense of other cellphones. So the net of that is good for us. We have more content. And we believe we've got much better positions in the folks that are growing in the third quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from Craig Ellis.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: I'll start with a follow-up to the earlier question. With the leverage that you have to China smartphone OEMs, Keith, is that both in 3G and 4G models or is your content biased to one or the other?
Keith D. Jackson: No, we have good penetration in both places. Higher dollar content in 4G.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. And then on the consumer white goods opportunity, you've been talking about increasing your refrigerator penetration. It looks like you're starting to see that. Can you size where you are relative to the air conditioners? And how do we think about the relative growth rates of those 2 businesses going forward?
Keith D. Jackson: Air conditioners, from a dollar content, is still much larger for us. And so what we've got in some of the other applications like induction cooking and refrigerators is a very high rate of growth from a small base. And in the air conditioner side, we are seeing good growth, but it's from a very large base.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. And then last one is a question related to this morning's announcement with Fujitsu. What are the products that would be manufactured with Fujitsu? And what's the timing with which we should think about you really being engaged with that partnership?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So we have already begun to qualify and transfer products over there. I expect to be in manufacturing next year, so nothing this year, with basically CMOS, ICs and some of our discrete MOSFETs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A quick follow-up on the Fujitsu acquisition. By how much does this sway your total production if it does? And is there any potential impact on gross margin going forward?
Keith D. Jackson: So very competitive costs. In fact, I would say there -- I don't know that we've done the calculation on margin changes, but they would continue to provide competitive costs for us. From a volume perspective, next year, it adds another roughly 10% of our 200-millimeter wafers.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then a quick follow-up. Given the level of tightness that we're seeing in the channel and lead time's still a little bit above normal levels. Given the order patterns that you're seeing, when do you think there is an opportunity -- or the first opportunity for the supply chain to start replenishing inventories?
Keith D. Jackson: That's still a mystery to me, Tristan. It continues to get leaner. Some of the recent data I just looked at says it is at its leanest point in a couple of years now after the second quarter. So the question is how much longer can that go on? I am not sure. If there's, I guess, moderate end economy growth, it can continue a little longer. But again, I don't know where the practical limits are. It's got to break at some point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Ing.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: So given the comments on changing seasonality and being more balanced, how long do you think the auto, smartphone and industrial markets can run ahead of their target of mid to high single digits year-over-year? Do you expect it to sort of revert back to target in the second half?
Keith D. Jackson: I think I'll have to take them separately. The industrial market seasonally is down in the second half. So certainly it won't be sequentially up as much, but year-on-year, it should still be running very close to the direction we've been headed. And I would say the same thing is true for automotive and handsets. So if you're doing a year-on-year comparison, that should continue, but sequentially, it won't be quite as strong as you saw in the second quarter.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then for the Fujitsu deal. I mean, it is known that Fujitsu is trying to get out of the fab business and try to sell their fabs. Are there scenarios where you eventually would own the whole fab or do you want to co-own the fab? And to help address investor questions, Spansion disappointed yesterday. They were supply constrained at Fujitsu. Anything you can do to better control or -- the execution on the fab relationship?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So I will -- we'll say we're in different factories than Spansion is, so I can't, of course, comment on them. But we don't see any issues with the factory that we've done the JV on. The JV does allow for ownership changes over time. But where that goes, we don't have a clear idea right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Rolland.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I know you guys had lead times were approximately flat. We had them up a little bit in the quarter from our checks. But where are we on those average lead times? And then we also heard about some constraints, perhaps, in the back end on the packaging side. Is there anything to that as -- at all?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So lead times were around 10 weeks. That is not a big change. We do have certain products that have some constraints, and those are in the back end. But it's really relegated to a very specific product lines and is not broad-based.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. Also on the Fujitsu deal, from what I understand, I think it's still 200 millimeters. Some of your competitors have moved to 300. Some are in the process to moving to 300-millimeter wafers. Can you guys consider this at all, and do you have any sort of a timetable at all?
Keith D. Jackson: No, we still like the economics of the 200-millimeter for the types of products we do, and so we don't have a timetable for changing.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Great. And just one last one. Maybe back-end and front-end utilizations.
Keith D. Jackson: We're kind of mid to high 80s across the board.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Smigie.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Bernard, you commented a little bit on some people sticking Aptina in. Did you do any math on adjusting those guys out, and what you think consensus would have been without the people who adjusted for Aptina?
Parag Agarwal: [indiscernible] What is the consensus number at Aptina? 784, I think.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, we think it's about 784.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I look at -- I mean, I know you talked about changing seasonality. But it looks to me, on assets, seasonality is about 1.6% and you guided 3%. So it seems like you're guiding better than seasonal. Does it make sense? You seem to have a pretty bullish tone. Just general order trends are pretty decent overall.
Keith D. Jackson: We, I mean, obviously, are feeling pretty good. Orders continue to grow. But part of that, as we mentioned, is the full quarter of Truesense. So it's not all just organic.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then if I could, just on the Fujitsu deal. What should we think about it in terms of any revenue contribution, et cetera, will you guys get from that? I mean, how should we -- is that -- how will that be handled?
Keith D. Jackson: So that will be next year's -- in next year's revenue growth. Again, we won't get any wafers out of it this year. But next year, it should enable us to get some significant growth in our CMOS and MOSFET areas. So I don't know that I can give you a specific number from a revenue perspective, but it does allow us to get another 10% of our 200-millimeter wafers.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then last, if I can sneak one more in just on Aptina. I know it hasn't closed yet, so I'm not sure what diligence you've been allowed to do since you announced the deal. But I understand you do want to focus more on the industrial side, but there's still a decent piece there that's non-industrial, I think it's more of handsets. Do you still like that business? You just want to emphasize the industrial? Or can you just help me understand your thoughts there?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we manage for profits. And so we're not anti or for any specific market, we just like getting returns. So after we close, we'll see the situation and see what directions we need to take.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike McConnell.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Looking at OpEx, starting off here, we obviously had a nice big step up in Q2 which, at the time, was kind of surprising to some folks. How do we kind of view that trending here versus kind of the mid-point of $175 million that you gave out for Q3? Are we looking at flattish from here? Anything we should be thinking about going forward regarding OpEx?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. In general, we don't expect a significant change. We just have to look at the number of days in the quarters that, in Q4, I think we have a few more days. Other than that, it should be in line with what we have for the third quarter.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Bernard, can you just give us a breakdown on SANYO, just how much now sales are outside of Japan and how much are in Japan? I think last update you had said roughly, I think it was down almost 1/3 was in Japan. But I wanted to make sure if we had that breakout?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, I think that we continue increasing the share outside of Japan. Although in this quarter, consumers in Japan were a little bit stronger, so the numbers are very similar to what we communicated last time.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Is there a goal you've stated on the split you'd ideally like to have?
Bernard Gutmann: No, we don't have a specific goal. We do continue with our focus outside of Japan, but there's no specific goal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Berger.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I wanted to -- just since there are moving parts, you're still doing some restructuring stuff, can you just remind us what the benefits are? Is it still the $4 million a quarter in Q1? Is there anything more beyond that?
Bernard Gutmann: For the most part, the $4 million from the -- in COGS from the quarter KSS. The OpEx reduction are, for the most part, is done. There is a few drips and drabs, but nothing material.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And can you remind us when Aptina is expected to close?
Bernard Gutmann: What we said is that it's sometime in the third quarter.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. And then regarding sort of your M&A strategy, you've done some bigger ones and some smaller ones. Kind of what's your appetite at this point towards consolidating the discrete sector further or looking at other things?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we have been -- I guess, if you look at the pattern we've set, we're really looking at bringing in new technologies to the company that have content specifically where we think there's good margins and good growth. The absolute just acquisitions for consolidation purposes have not been on the radar screen.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Hettenbach.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On the computing market, you saw a little bit of a lift there and that market stabilized. Can you talk about what you're seeing into the back half? And then also, last quarter, you talked about just managing that business, focusing on profits, just kind of the approach you're taking in computing here.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Yes, so the second half should be stronger than we've seen in the first half. That is the normal seasonality. I mentioned that we grew about 10% in Q2 versus Q1 on our Vcore, and that is really the mix of processors that is being sold and our share gains on that. We expect that to continue into the second half. And then relative to the balance of the business with the MOSFETs, et cetera, again, we just manage that for profit. So net-net, we expect to be outgrowing the market. And, from a gross margin perspective, continuing to increase our margins from that sector.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And if I can follow up, you talked about some inventory in the channel. What's going on there? How about internally in terms of how you're managing that, you still have some bridge inventory. What do you expect kind of from a days basis looking out a couple of quarters?
Bernard Gutmann: So we should be seeing a slow burning of that 6 days of inventory, as we have concluded the restructuring of the factories. And for rest of the business, it'll probably stay around the same days except for that bridge reduction.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Mike Lucarelli.
Michael C. Lucarelli - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: On the distribution side of things, is there any one of your segments, whether it's the SANYO business or application, that's more exposed or use your distributors more than another?
Keith D. Jackson: So on a business unit basis, our Standard Products Group has the highest concentration of distribution at a little over half of their business.
Michael C. Lucarelli - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then the strength you guys saw in the SANYO business, was there one standout segment in the quarter? I mean, if you look out for the rest of the year and into early next year, which areas of growth are you most excited about?
Keith D. Jackson: So yes, in the actual Q2, it was the white goods segment and the handset markets that did most of the sequential changes. We like both of those through the rest of the year, but we also see some growth as we get into the second half on the more traditional industrial side with motor control.
Michael C. Lucarelli - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Then last one here. On that business, was it a loss last quarter, still? And do you think it will be profitable next quarter?
Bernard Gutmann: Actually, for this quarter, we were breakeven at EBIT level and just a few hundred thousand loss at net income. And we should be accretive for the third quarter.
Operator: And I am showing that there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Agarwal.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We'll be around to take your follow-up questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark S. Thompson - Chairman and CEO Mark S. Frey - CFO, EVP, PAO and Treasurer Dan Janson - VP of IR
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder that today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Janson: Good morning, and thank you for dialing in to Fairchild Semiconductor's first quarter 2014 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's Chairman and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we'll be attending the Robert W. Baird's Growth Conference on May 7 in Chicago, the JPMorgan's Global Technology Media and Telecom Conference in Boston on May 20, as well as the Bank of America Technology Conference in San Francisco on June 3. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our first quarter financial results and discuss the current status of second quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with the GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors, including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark S. Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. We delivered better than expected gross margin in the first quarter while reaching our lowest inventory levels in three years. Demand is strong across a broad range of our products giving us the higher starting backlog position entering the second quarter. We are increasing factory loadings in response and expect continued improvement in margins and earnings. Let's review some of the details starting with the income statement. For the first quarter of 2013, Fairchild reported sales of $344 million, up 1% sequentially and slightly higher than the first quarter of 2013. If we had shipped in line with distribution consumption and not reduce channel inventory, we would have exceeded the midpoint of our sales guidance range in the first quarter. Adjusted gross margin was 30.3%. Recall that we expected gross margin to be between 28% and 29% due primarily to the low utilization in the fourth quarter, resumption of some payroll-related taxes and ongoing manufacturing streamlining costs. Gross margin was better than expected due to higher factory loadings in the first quarter and improved product mix. R&D and SG&A expenses were $96.6 million which were higher than forecast due to increased legal spending and additional costs associated with our recent sensor business acquisition. First quarter adjusted net income was $5 million and adjusted EPS was $0.04. The adjusted tax rate was 25%. Now, I'd like to review first quarter sales and gross margin performance for our two major product groups. Sales were up 3% from the prior quarter for our MCCC business driven by a partial quarter of revenue from the newly acquired sensor business and higher demands from the mobile and computing end markets. MCCC adjusted gross margin was roughly flat with the prior quarter at 37% as better product mix was offset by the impact of lower factory loadings from the prior quarter and higher payroll-related taxes. In our PCIA business, sales were roughly flat sequentially as higher industrial, appliance and automotive demand offset weaker consumer and power conversion sales. Adjusted gross margin was down approximately 2 points sequentially to 28% due primarily to underutilization charges from the prior quarter and higher payroll-related taxes. Turning to our balance sheet, we reduced internal inventory by approximately $6 million or 3% sequentially to the lowest level in more than three years. Days of inventory decreased about five days from the prior quarter to 84 days. Days of sales outstanding or DSOs increased to 42 days and payables increased to 40 days. Free cash flow was a negative $5 million in the first quarter. We ended the first quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by a $118 million which is lower than a quarter ago due to our recent all-cash acquisition of a private sensor company, stock repurchases and normal annual variable compensation payouts. Turning now to forward guidance, we expect sales to be in the range of $355 million to $375 million for the second quarter. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 31% to 32% due primarily to higher sales and factory loadings as well as improved product mix, which more than offset the impact of our merit increase. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $97 million to $99 million due to higher R&D and legal spending as well as the impact of the newly acquired sensor business. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 15% plus or minus 3 percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices we are not assuming any obligation to update this information although we may choose to do so before we announce second quarter results. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark S. Thompson: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Demand has been robust all year as Fairchild focused on improving energy efficiency in a wide range of industrial, appliance, automotive and mobile applications accelerates our growth. The strength in orders is broader based than a year ago especially in the mobile end market. We booked 375 million in new orders in Q1 and our current backlog is up 20% from a quarter ago. Higher backlog coupled with our lean inventory position enables us to guide for strong sales growth in the second quarter. I'll begin my prepared remarks with a review of the demand environment and provide more color on what is driving the strength in bookings. I'll then update you on our efforts to improve operational efficiency and increase our manufacturing flexibility. Finally, I will review some current quarter results and operations metrics. Turning to demand by end markets, sales in the automotive sector were up 14% sequentially in the first quarter. Demand was strong for all of our powertrain solutions including ignition power management and electronic power steering controllers. Order flow was strong in the first quarter, signaling a strong sales growth in the second quarter. We have a great pipeline of business opportunities and a variety of existing and new powertrain applications that should drive continued growth in 2014 and beyond. The industrial and appliance end markets, which accounted for 41% of our first quarter sales, continued to benefit from strong demand. We won additional designs with our extensive portfolio of high-voltage power management solutions at a number of leading Chinese appliance manufacturers. In the solar end markets, we benefited from growing demand for our advanced IGBT power switches which are used in the power invertors. We expect continued growth for our high-power discrete and module solutions during the second quarter. Our sales into the mobile market increased from the prior quarter, despite being a seasonally weak period. We gained share on a number of mid-range reference designs for Asian-based systems with our extensive phone-side battery charging and power management solutions. We also won designs at a leading Asian-based manufacturer that makes many popular low-cost mobile phones. We expect strong growth in this market segment as these reference designs ramp into production. In the high end segment of the mobile markets, we gained share on major new platforms with our voltage regulators and analog switch solutions. In rapid charge for adaptive charging applications, our lead customer remains on track to adopt a flexible adaptive battery charging solution using Fairchild's innovative wall-to-battery portfolio of power management solutions. We are also working closely with other leading Asian customers to adopt this technology in the future. Our book-to-bill for mobile has been positive all year and increased further as we entered Q2. We expect solid growth in this market segment for increased content across full range of mobile devices coupled with growth in overall end market unit sales. Demand from the computing end market rebounded from a weak fourth quarter of 2013. Sales into the notebook market benefited from a more favorable competitive dynamics and better than expected demand from one major customer. We saw steady growth in other sectors of computing including performance computing, cloud applications and servers. Sales in the consumer market were seasonally lower and we expect this trend to continue for the second quarter. In summary, we see broad-based demand strength in all our key markets. We're growing share in the mobile sector and making steady gains in industrial, appliance and automotive. The order strength that began in December of last year continues which indicates the potential for solid sales growth going forward. Next, I'll give you a brief update on our efforts to increase operational efficiency and manufacturing flexibility to better support our customers while improving financial performance. We made good progress across offline processes in our new 8-inch wafer fab in Korea as well as other internal fabs and external foundries during the first quarter. We also developed detailed actions to increase our flexibility and streamline our assembly and test functions. These projects are on track to enable us to streamline our internal manufacturing to deliver greater supply flexibility and a significantly lower cost in mid 2015. We plan to provide quantitative detail on the plans later this year. Turning now to Q1 results for our sales channels and other operational performance. Distribution sell-through is roughly flat sequentially and we reduced channel inventory approximately by a $1 million sequentially. Sales into the OEM and EMS channels were up about 2% due primarily to higher demands from automotive and mobile end markets. Factory utilization increased in Q1 even as we reduced both internal and channel inventory. Lead times remained short for virtually all of our business. In closing, we see broad-based demand strength driving our guidance for higher second quarter sales. We expect this growth to be driven primarily by increased demand for our products supporting the industrial, appliance, automotive and mobile end markets. In the mobile sector, we're winning designs across a range from low to high-end platforms which should enable us to more consistently grow this business. Inventories are lean and lead times remains short, so we are well positioned to capitalize on demand opportunities. We're also progressing well in our efforts to streamline our manufacturing operations to increase flexibility and reduce costs. With this combination of sales growth, improved product mix and lower manufacturing costs coupled with low capital spend will enable us to continue improving margins, earnings and cash flow going forward. Fairchild is also committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders as we repurchased nearly $31 million of stock in the first quarter and plan to purchase at least 25 million in the second quarter. Thank you. I'll turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks Mark. We'll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks, and let's take the first question, please.
Operator: We'll go to Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess a question on how backlog and bookings have gone. You talked about them being strong. At least for the first quarter you mentioned that the backlog at the time was sufficient to hit the high end of the range. Even if I put in the channel inventory burn, you guys still would have – you would have been above the midpoint, so solid but not at the high end. And the 20% increase in backlog also seems like you could have lead to a little better guidance in the second quarter. I guess what are you seeing from the demand side of the equation to the first and second quarters that has led to good news but not really significant upside as some investors had expected?
Mark S. Thompson: So, Ross, probably the biggest thing – I mean certainly the current trajectory of incoming orders points to the high end of the range that we put out. As I think you know, for the last three years, everybody has seen the softening in demand in the second quarter in terms of incoming order rate, and so that's the thing that causes us to put a bit of a bigger range out there. We have seen no evidence of it yet, but by the end of Q2 for the last three years there has been a significant pullback in incoming orders. The other piece of it is, is that we are very careful to ship not to backlog but to point-of-sale, and so point-of-sale forecast are always a little bit rough in the form that we get them from our distributors and the end customers, and so we also want to be very meticulous about not growing the channel at all in the second quarter which creates some cleanup in the back half of the year. So those are the caution elements, so they're more a planning nature and not at all about the current observe dynamic in the market.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Got it, that seems prudent. I guess as my one follow-up, just shifting to one of your sub-segments. The mobile market, you did better than expected in the first quarter. You sound pretty optimistic going forward. Can you talk a little bit about what you see for the second half there? And maybe a general question, do you expect to be able to grow revenues in that segment year-over-year for full year 2014? Thanks.
Mark S. Thompson: Sure, Ross. I guess two key moving parts there. So the first is that we feel very – we as others have been a bit whipsawed by the big two in terms of shifting demand and so forth. So, for example, last year if we look at the strength of incoming orders in the first half, it was heavily driven by the big two. We don't plan on much incremental growth for the big two in the second half, although if it comes we can support it. What we have done is concentrate a lot of effort on the Chinese players where we think a lot of the volume growth is going to occur. And there we see both steady gains in content as well as steady gains in the total volume of phones that are being built. And so we do think that that will provide an opportunity to grow across the year.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group: Thank you. Good morning. I wondered if you could talk about the impact of the sensor acquisition both on revenue and OpEx for both the first and second quarter and what we should expect on that as the year progresses.
Mark S. Frey: Sure. The revenue is in the few million dollars per quarter range and a high margin profile and generally higher OpEx ratio than the rest of the company, but yielding strong EBIT. So it's coming out of the gate contributing strong profits.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group: But between the first and second quarter in terms of organic Fairchild revenues against the acquisition, was there any significant impact on that?
Mark S. Frey: Well, in the first quarter it was only part of the company for two months and so in the second quarter, obviously it will be a full quarter. So it will ramp up by a third more in all of those categories.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Yes, yes. Okay. As a follow-up to that then, perhaps you can talk about OpEx and you mentioned the goal to keep the OpEx below 95 million and it's obviously – looks like it's guided higher than that. And I think you knew about the acquisition impact at the time when you set those goals. So what's different here and what should we expect going forward with respect to OpEx?
Mark S. Frey: Yes. Although we had concluded the acquisition, most of our preparation work for the quarter had been done, so we went with the guidance we had which didn't really factor in. And so when we approach it, we take that 95 and add the OpEx from the acquisition. We are also trending – approaching 1 million more in legal expenses because of the ongoing IP dispute more than we had planned. And then as we see in the year as a totality, be better than our basic planning model, we are accruing. We have done so in Q1 and plan to continue to do so in Q2, accruing variable compensation for those results. Obviously, we don't produce the EBIT to qualify for the payouts we would end up reversing those notes.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group: And so then bottom line of the guidance for Q2, the sort of 97 million and 99 million, that's what we should expect for the rest of the year?
Mark S. Frey: Well, Q2s tend to beat the peak for the year if you look back at the last few years and there's a couple of reasons. The merit hits on April 1. We do a special grant that approaches $1 million that has to be fully expensed in the quarter and people don't tend to take vacations. So, by the time you get into Q3 and Q4 you get to see some of the natural headwinds of the FICA contributions falling out, the vacation time being taken and the equity comp actually trends down a bit too. So I would expect this to be the high point.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. In the wireless space, can you talk about your sales and design efforts? You mentioned some traction in the Chinese market. I mean typically you've had exposure to the big two, so just wanted to get a sense of kind of what you're doing differently and the focus you're putting on the Chinese market and kind of the trajectory you see in that space?
Mark S. Thompson: Sure. A couple of different things. The first is that on the reference design side, we have been in the past very concentrated on U.S.-based chipsets and we have expanded that a lot to include some of the leading Chinese chipset providers, and that has provided a really good path into a broad base of applications. The other thing that we know is that many of the designs, the product designs that have been done for the big two have a lot of relevance to the sub-Chinese manufacturers which tend to be less highly integrated in a lot of the functions, so it's really the combination of those two things that has put us in a good position to have that be in aggregate as important as the big two if you look over the next year.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just staying on wireless, you mentioned the rapid or adaptive charging. Can you talk about implications for kind of content and what that means for growth?
Mark S. Thompson: Sure. So, there's obviously a very high level of interest in adaptive charging. No one is satisfied – everybody wants to get a bigger battery and no one is satisfied with the current charge designs. So that's one that I'm very confident will be ultimately implemented everywhere. So there's still work going on wide communication protocols between charger IC, how the charger IC talks to the fuel gauge. Does the fuel gauge get integrated or not? And we already have a strong position in the adapter. So, we expect to see the first wave of implementations in the second half. We think that those will be careful effort – everyone is making them in careful effort because you always have a big learning cycle the first time you completely change an architecture like this. But in terms of content, it's I think a minimum of $1 content between the charger IC, the potential for fuel gauge integration and the adapter.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then as my follow-up, on the inventory side it's nice to see that that worked down. It looks like you're set up much better than the peer group where inventory remains elevated. That said, I just think about business picking up. Any risk of being caught short product or how are you managing that?
Mark S. Thompson: Well, there's always a risk of being caught short. It really depends on how long an up cycle lasts and whether shortage has emerged in other places. We've actually – for example, we have seen lead time extend a little but only from like six to seven weeks, so there is nothing that looks like overeating in that sense. We've put in a great deal of work into our supply chain forward-looking models looking at what we call our pressure [taps] (ph) for availability of supply in a variety of demand scenarios. So, we feel comfortable that we're in a good position to keep up with any increase in demand in what I'll call the foreseeable range.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley: Got it. Thanks for that.
Operator: We'll go next to Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thanks for letting me ask a question. So, I'd like to drill down a little bit more on CapEx here. So it's come down really nicely in 2013 and '14 is starting off really well here. How should we think about intermediate CapEx needs here? Is this at all sustainable at these levels here? And what do you see in terms of CapEx that you might need to, let's say, equip the Korean fab and just to institute this whole fab consolidation plan more generally that you guys have?
Mark S. Frey: We're comfortable thinking that we can sustain at around the current level in the $80 million range including finishing off the bottlenecks in the 8-inch fab in Korea. Remember there is a lot of [reaves] (ph) of equipment that's available from our core capacity and we will be moving a fair amount of capacity to foundries and therefore that's a lower – just an inherently lower capital model. So when we look into the foreseeable future, we don't see a change for that. We're sort of in the – our classic band is 6% to 8% of sales but we've been operating on the very low end of that and expect to continue to do that.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, great. I guess flipping it around a little bit when we think about depreciation, how do we sort of think about linearity of that? First of all, is it a one-time step-down that we're going to see when you write off all of that old equipment? And then also what might the trade-off be on the depreciation side when you start equipping the Korean fab, let's say? What are the puts and takes over the next few years? Thanks.
Mark S. Frey: Well, most of the equipment in Korea is being depreciated right now. We do have some other equipment that would increase the current wafer capacity in Korea that's not been put in service yet, but it's not a huge impact. You'll see all of the things. When we do get a final determination that we can close the facility, then you'll see accelerated depreciation on those assets for the remainder of their lives. And from time to time you'll see one-time impairments although accounting makes that kind of hard to do. And then you'll then see the gradual bleeding down of other depreciation as it naturally falls of.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Hi, good morning. You mentioned that OEM and EMS revenue was up 2% sequentially in part due to mobile. How should we quantify the incremental revenue from the mobile design wins for Q1 and Q2? Any quantification that you could give us?
Mark S. Frey: So we think that we'll be at least that or better.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: And so is it fair to assume that OEM, EMS would have been settled down in Q1 sequentially excluding those wins?
Mark S. Thompson: Let's see, I mean consumer was the only thing that was materially down in Q1 relative to Q4.
Mark S. Frey: In Q1 the OEM mix tends to be mobile in automotive, so automotive obviously had a good step-up in Q1. And mobile was a bit better than seasonal as well. But when you do it with some of the Chinese houses, we'll do that to distribution. If you do it with the big two then we'll tend to do it direct. So, it's hard to exactly answer your question.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. That's actually very useful. And then in terms of the product that potentially you're infringing on patents, what percentage of revenue could be potentially impacted? And does any of this pertain to any of your AC/DC products at tier 1 OEMs or adaptive charging?
Mark S. Thompson: So first I'll answer the second half of that is no, there was no accusation of any of the current business in the tier 1 mobile for any of the mobile nor any future products are not involved either. So the total revenue impact we believe is very small for the company. In fact the total amount accused was very small, so by definition it tends to be a small overall impact.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from [Aashish Rao] (ph) with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Hi, Mark Frey. A question on the revenue contribution from Xsens. So if I recall correctly, the acquisition was completed on January 22, the day before you announced results and any revenue contribution was not included in guidance you provided. So if I assume a few million in sales from Xsens, that would suggest that sales came in pretty much at the low end of guidance. Given the improving outlook for autos, industrial and appliance into Q2, I mean why the mid-quarter decision to drawdown channel inventory?
Mark S. Frey: We don't 100% control that. The distributors also have a say on it and the orders that we received were very late in the quarter. So although we went into the quarter expecting to be channel neutral, $5 million is not a huge amount of uncertainty and it made the difference between whether that $5 million of product left on – or formulated in this case left on a Wednesday versus a Tuesday. And so had we adjusted for channel neutrality we would have been slightly above the midpoint.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And also could you quantify the impact of underutilization charges on 1Q and 2Q gross margins? I thought we would expect a little bit more than the typical 50% incremental gross profit fall-through given the improving – the higher revenue levels, but why are we not seeing that in the first half of this year?
Mark S. Frey: Well, in the fourth quarter you're seeing about 150 basis points of write-off of the underutilization related to essentially what went on in Q4. And you'll see a small number build into our guidance in Q2 but it's still a net drained on margin which kind of sets Q3 up for another move up. So, the way it works is actually as you begin to build your load plans, if they continue to increase, let's say, multiple quarters in a row, you're always moving some kind of benefit into some future quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Good morning. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess my first question is what is the expectation for channel inventory going into the June quarter? And I guess I'm trying to understand given how much channel inventories worked out, it seems like every quarter you guys are doing a better job. You're either keeping that flat or down. Am I supposed to view that as just a structural improvement or should we at some point see some sort of cyclical recovery where growth and channel inventory will actually start to help the top line?
Mark S. Frey: There's a couple of things. First is, I think it's always prudent to operate at the lowest inventory level as you can for your service targets. And so that's really what we've been trying to do. And so it might cost you a little bit in the short term, but it robustens your performance through the cycle. So, that said, I think we are probably reaching the bottom of where we think we can constructively operate. And so we think something in the nine to ten weeks which is where we are is the optimum place to be. So, certainly, as the market strengthens, we're going to need to keep track in others words not keep dollar flat but keep weeks flat for service reasons. So, if the current strength that we see keeps up, certainly we're going to have to keep up with the inventory levels in the channel in terms of weeks.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Got it, that's helpful. And then Mark, can you talk a little bit – you mentioned in your prepared comments, backlog up about 20% sequentially. If I'm doing the math right, it means that your backlog coverage is north of 40% of the guided midpoint for June. If that's not right, can you help me understand where that backlog coverage stands absolutely? And relative to a normal Q2, would you put that backlog coverage as better than normal, in line with normal or worse than normal?
Mark S. Thompson: So, the difficult period in answering that question is that last year, we did a lot of work on our planning systems and in bringing down our lead times. And so if we were to compare our lead times to – as I said there were currently about seven weeks, they would have been more like ten to 12 weeks in Q2 of last year. And so we know that the backlog that you carry winds up being proportional to your lead times. So the only real comparison that we have is Q2 versus Q1 because that's where we're basically operating in the same lead time environment. And we are – I mean obviously if you look at the 20% statement of backlog versus Q1, we're obviously not guiding up 20% on the top line. So the backlog coverage of our Q2 guidance is significantly higher than the backlog coverage of our Q1 guidance. That's not necessarily reflected in thinking about going over the top in terms of revenues but it does – as Mark said, we had a few cutoff challenges late in the quarter. Q1 is often rear-end loaded and so what it does is I think it makes it a much more straightforward for us to service the demand without disrupting our supply chain.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Thanks guys.
Mark S. Thompson: So backlog coverage for our guidance in Q2 is definitely healthier than the backlog coverage for our guidance in Q1.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thanks a lot. Mark Thompson, I was hoping you could comment a little bit on some of your recent rebranding of the company, March 17 where you changed the logo and you changed your motto. You guys presented at a conference where you laid out that your focus going forward is going to be cloud, mobility and industrial. And I'm just curious what – and it seemed like from the conference that you're going to do maybe more focus on ICs and on systems versus just maybe discrete. So, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what we should expect in terms of product changes going forward and also end market changes, what will be not focused on anymore?
Mark S. Thompson: So, I think it's – any rebranding effort is image-related and somewhat forward-looking by nature. So we have the same logo for a long time and there's a couple of things about it. One is, is that we wanted it to be a bit simpler, a bit more dynamic, so that's the logo. The power to amaze I think embraces the concept of us moving beyond just power. So, if you look for example at the things that we're doing and sensing, position sensing, motion sensing, those things coupled with power to provide some really, really unique solutions and you'll see more over the next couple of weeks on our sensor offerings which are going to be rolled out in Europe in May. And so I think we're really trying to emphasize that while we are specialists in power, we're also doing much more than power and providing things that really have a lot of impact to the user and that's the amaze part. We've been on a steady trajectory away from tiny discrete standard product kind of things towards things that are much more architectural in nature. So if you look at what goes into one of our sensor solutions, for example, or what goes into one of our power steering modules is more and more of the things that we do are actually integrated subsystems either at the die level or integrated at the package level. And so we see that trend continuing and again just try to embrace that we aren't just selling tiny little devices to people, we're actually really comprehending – while the battery is a perfect example, really comprehending all aspects from the plug all the way to the battery in conceiving products that are integrated both from application point of view and also from a physical implementation point of view.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then as you said that you have your new end markets, one of which is cloud which I think is – I don't know, you've never really specifically laid out cloud. Is that just going to be – you're going to try to do more business on server? And then again, since you're doing this sort of focus on these three end markets, what gets cut out; consumer?
Mark S. Thompson: Yes, consumer is the thing that we've seen steadily shrinking and we expect to continue to steadily shrink. We don't think that there is enough value in those that we can provide or that people are willing to pay for to make that a focus segment.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: If I could sneak one more in just on the PCIA business, it was I think flattish here sequentially, a typically seasonal strong quarter there. And I think you may be touched on some of the points, but I just want to clarify. So part of that's probably why it's not up more seasonally is because of inventory. And then the other part was there was some sort of power conversion part that was a little bit soft in the quarter. First of all, is that accurate? And then as far as the power conversion stuff being soft, could you give a little more color on what exactly that means?
Mark S. Thompson: Yes. So power conversion was a little bit soft. So there's a couple of things. So there have been some inventory reductions on the adapter side that have been a part of that and also if you look at some of the China business for power conversion, that also has been a little bit soft for some of it, so I mean that's the only place that we've seen softness.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi. Two brief questions. Just on the consumer weakness in the quarter, it was down almost I think high teens year-over-year. Was any of that Fairchild walking away from business or was all that market weakness? And then the second question is tied to the higher-than-normal legal fees right now, about $1 million. How long should we project that $1 million to continue to negatively impact the P&L?
Mark S. Thompson: So, on the consumer side, it's a little bit of each I would say. For example, big displays are one of the areas that represent a lot of the consumer piece for us and there have been some huge pricing moves in those and some content reductions in terms of the – on the engineering side, just less to look in some of the new implementations. But also just from a volume point of view, they are pretty challenged. Those markets are – they're certainly not growing and in many cases they're shrinking. Large displays have a very long life. There really hasn't been since 1080p anything compelling that caused people to go do upgrades. And so that's just some of the – it isn't a thing that we're planning to stop doing, there's some good content and some good technology in those things, but there is no compelling upgrades out there and the equipment that kind of everybody bought some years ago is still running just fine.
Mark S. Frey: On the legal OpEx, although the expense tends to vary with the court date, so we do have a court date either very late this year or early next year. In general, we would expect that $1 million to continue for a while.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. And just a brief follow-up. Pricing this quarter, my guess is it was relatively flat. What was it?
Mark S. Frey: That was typical.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Mark S. Thompson: Okay. Then with that, we'll conclude the call for today. We appreciate your interest in Fairchild.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal - Senior Director of Investor Relations Bernard Gutmann - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC, Executive Vice President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and Treasurer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC Keith D. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Cole Patterson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Michael C. Lucarelli - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sharon, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Parag Agarwal, Senior Director of Investor Relations for ON Semiconductor, you may begin your conference.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Sharon. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2013 Quarterly Results Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay will be available at our website approximately 1 hour following this live broadcast and will continue to be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2013. The script for today's call is posted on our website. Additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographic and channel splits is also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors, which can affect our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2013. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors. Moving forward, our business segment formerly known as SANYO Semiconductor Product Group will be referred to as System Solutions Group, or SSG. This name change has been necessitated by the expiration of our license to use SANYO name. Later this quarter, we will be attending Goldman Sachs technology conference in San Francisco on February 13 and Susquehanna Financial Group conference in New York on March 4. Now let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann who will provide an overview of the fourth quarter 2013 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Let me start by providing an update on overall business results. Our business is gaining momentum as our design wins in our targeted areas of automobile, smartphones and select areas of industrial end markets begin to translate into revenue. At the same time, improved -- improving global macro environment, especially in developed markets, and favorable supply-demand dynamics are contributing to improving trends in our business. Most importantly, we have achieved much awaited success in stabilizing System Solutions Group, formerly known as SANYO Semiconductor Product Group. Our cash flow performance has improved significantly, and we have returned substantial portion of this cash to the shareholders in form of stock repurchases. Let me provide you a brief update on System Solutions Group. For the first time since the 2011 Thailand floods, which drastically hampered SSG's back-end manufacturing operations, we have achieved breakeven on non-GAAP operating income basis for SSG. We define non-GAAP operating income as non-GAAP gross profit less non-GAAP operating expenses. SSG's contribution to consolidated adjusted EBITDA was approximately $5 million in the fourth quarter. We remain confident that SSG will be accretive to our net income in 2014. We are making progress in completing restructuring measures announced in October of last year. We expect that the ultimate headcount reduction associated with such restructuring to be lower as compared to our targeted range. We are retaining a sizable part of SSG's manufacturing workforce to support manufacturing of product for our legacy business in the Niigata fab, which until recently had manufactured products only for SSG. We are currently running trial wafers on products for our legacy business in the Niigata fab, and we expect to begin commercial shipments of this products in the second quarter of 2014. Despite the lower-than-targeted headcount reduction, we expect to achieve cost savings within the range previously disclosed. With improving results and outlook, we also continue to focus on returning cash to stockholders. During the fourth quarter, we took advantage of attractive valuation of our stock and used approximately $59 million to repurchase approximately 8.3 million shares of our common stock at an average share price of $7.11. During 2013, we deployed approximately 60% of our free cash flow towards stock repurchases. At the end of the fourth quarter, approximately $143 million remained of the total authorized amount under the current stock repurchase program. We will continue to take advantage of undervaluation in our stock price and our improving cash flow to return cash to our shareholders. Let me now provide you with an update of the fourth quarter 2013 results. ON Semiconductor today announced that total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2013 was approximately $718 million, an increase of approximately $3 million over the third quarter. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $0.09 per diluted share. Excluding the impact of amortization of intangibles and restructuring and other special items, non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $0.17 per diluted share. Non-GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 34.8%, flat as compared to the third quarter. Average selling prices for the fourth quarter decreased by less than 1% as compared to the third quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were approximately $165 million, up by approximately $2 million as compared to the third quarter of 2013. This sequential increase in operating expense was due to higher stock compensation and bonus accruals, driven by our improved results. We exited the fourth quarter of 2013 with cash and equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $626 million, an increase of approximately $72 million from the third quarter. Net cash provided by operating activities for fourth quarter was approximately $127 million as compared to $60 million in the third quarter. We spent approximately $20 million on the purchase of capital equipment. We used approximately $98 million for the repayment of long-term debt and capital leases and for the redemption of convertible notes. We received approximately $128 million from the issuance of debt, including $120 million drawn from our line of credit. As noted earlier, we used approximately $59 million for the repurchase of our stock. At the end of the fourth quarter, ON Semiconductor days of inventory -- or inventory on hand were 119 days, up approximately 4 days from the prior quarter. We believe that the current distribution inventory levels are low to support customer demand. Therefore, in order to adequately service our customer, we have raised our inventory levels. Included in our total inventory is about $32 million or 6 days of bridge inventory. Most of this bridge inventory is related to the consolidation of System Solutions Group's manufacturing operations. In the fourth quarter, distribution inventory was down by approximately $5 million quarter-over-quarter, while distribution resales were approximately flat quarter-over-quarter. In terms of days, distributor inventory declined to slightly below 9 weeks from approximately 9 weeks in the third quarter. Now I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. Let me start with laying out priorities for ON Semiconductor for 2014 and then I will address the overall business environment and various end markets. For 2014, there are 3 main objectives for us: First, we have to realize our full cash flow generation potential; second, we should accelerate our momentum and targeted growth segments of automobile, smartphones and select areas of industrial; and third, complete the transition of SSG to be accretive to our consolidated results on a sustained basis. Now let me expand on each of these objectives, starting with our capacity to generate substantial free cash flow. We believe that in a normal growth environment for the semiconductor industry, ON Semiconductor can generate annual free cash flow of approximately $300 million to $400 million in the near to mid-term. We define free cash flow as a net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditure. We characterize year-over-year growth of low- to mid-single-digit percentage points as normal growth for the industry in the current macro environment -- economic environment. This growth, coupled with margin expansion, substantial progress in restructuring activities related to our SSG and lower working capital requirements, are the key contributors to our improved free cash flow outlook. Moving on, in 2014, we are aiming for mid to high single-digit growth in our targeted segments of automobiles, smartphones and select areas of the industrial end markets. We have made substantial investments in these markets over the last few years, and our design wins have now started to convert to revenue. Specific product lines that should drive growth in 2014 include intelligent power modules, autofocus and image stabilization and motor drivers from the System Solutions Group, ESD protection, common mode filters, automotive-related products and power conversion products from the Standard Products Group and in-vehicle networking, LED lighting, power management for mobile devices and applications for smart homes from our Applications Products Group. Lastly, in 2014, System Solutions Group should achieve a cost structure to deliver sustained profitability and we expect this group to be accretive to our earnings in 2014. Now let me address the current business trends. The overall business environment continues to improve steadily, as evident in our improved order rates. Macroeconomic environment, especially in developed economies, continues to improve. We have not yet seen any negative impact on our business from recent trepidations in the global financial markets, but we remain cautious. For the fourth quarter, our lead times declined by less than a week as we eliminated supply constraints in a few areas. We expect lead times to remain at the current levels. In the fourth quarter, our global factory utilization was in the mid 80% range as compared to the high 80% range for the third quarter. Utilization declined in the fourth quarter due to holidays-related shutdowns of our manufacturing facilities. Now I'll provide some details of the progress on our various end markets. The automotive end market represented approximately 27% of revenue in the fourth quarter and was up by approximately 4% quarter-over-quarter. Revenue in the fourth quarter were driven by robust increases in every region, with the exception of Japan. The strength was broad based across product lines, but was most notable in protection, power MOSFET, drivers, ignition IGBTs and switch mode power supply solutions. We continue to experience solid growth within our focused customer base, especially in front-lighting applications, in which our LED driver and motor control solutions are supporting new vehicle releases in Europe. In the Americas, our rear lighting solutions continue to be adopted by several key OEMs across a broad range of vehicle offerings. Key design wins for the quarter included a significant power driver win for a seat control at a key industry leader. Also, our integrated power module solutions have been selected by leading Japanese motor manufacturers for use in drive fans and pumps in European and Japanese vehicles. As a testimonial to our strength in the automotive market, I am pleased to announce that ON Semiconductor received the Supplier Quality Excellence Award for 2013 from General Motors. Revenue for the first quarter for our automotive segment is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, represented approximately 18% of revenue in the fourth quarter, down approximately 4% quarter-over-quarter. The sequential decline was driven by a broad-based inventory correction in the smartphone market. During 2013, our wireless-related revenue grew approximately 10% year-over-year. We continue to gain market share with our battery protection, battery chargers, protection devices, filtering and power management ICs. Traction remains strong for our autofocus and image stabilization products. Also, we saw strong demand in smartphones and base station applications for many of our standard components, such as protection devices, EEPROMs in chip scale packages, high precision LDOs, logic, operational amplifiers and discrete devices. Revenue for the first quarter for our communications segment is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to normal seasonality. The consumer end market represented approximately 20% of revenue in the fourth quarter and was up approximately 2% as compared to the third quarter. During the quarter, we saw strong demand for our intelligent power modules in the consumer white goods. We also had strong orders for our standard products and power management devices, driven by volume production ramps of next-generation gaming systems, wearable electronics, portable video cameras, digital media players, LCD televisions and white goods. Also, we captured a significant growth opportunity in white goods with 2 key design wins, including our first design win with a key European customer. Revenue for the first quarter in our consumer segment is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to seasonality. Our industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace and medical, represented approximately 20% of revenue in the fourth quarter and was down approximately 2% quarter-over-quarter. Timing of shipments in our medical business and softness in certain areas of our military and aerospace business contributed to the quarter-over-quarter decline. During the fourth quarter, we saw ramps for our newest ASICs for both medical and mil/aero applications, ranging from ultrasound equipment and diagnostic monitors to aerospace engine control and military guidance applications. Products for mobile point-of-sale equipment also remained stronger in the fourth quarter. We secured our first motor control design win in North America for one of our intelligent power module solutions. During the fourth quarter, we secured multiple design wins from medical industry leaders for custom products, which integrate medical-grade discretes and miniature system package solutions. Also, our new image sensor was selected by a leading manufacturer of high-speed digital imaging systems. Revenue for the first quarter for our industrial segment is expected to be up quarter-over-quarter. The computing end market represented approximately 15% of revenue in the fourth quarter and was up approximately 1% compared to the third quarter. VCore power management share gains on Haswell notebook platforms contributed to above-market performance in computing segment during the fourth quarter, as this new platform ramped into volume production. We experienced strong growth in MOSFET revenue from several motherboard and hard disk drive manufacturers. Revenue for the first quarter for our computing segment is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to seasonality. In other news, I am pleased to announce our NCP6338 processor power converter for smartphones and tablets won the Leading Power Devices and Module Award from EDN China. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Now for first quarter of 2014 outlook. While booking trends and end market demand outlook remain healthy thus far in the quarter, we are being cognizant of a rather mixed macroeconomic outlook in our first quarter guidance. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $695 million to $725 million in the first quarter of 2014. Backlog levels for the first quarter of 2014 represented approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated first quarter 2014 revenues. We expect that average selling prices in the first quarter of 2014 will be down approximately 2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. We expect inventory at distributors to rise on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditure of approximately $45 million to $55 million in the first quarter of 2014. For the first quarter of 2014, we expect both GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins of approximately 33% to 35%. The quarter-over-quarter decline in gross margin is primarily due to temporary closure of a few of our manufacturing facilities for infrastructure upgrades, preventive maintenance, lower utilization at Asia-based manufacturing facilities due to Chinese New Year holidays and fewer days in the first quarter of 2014 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. The first quarter of 2014 comprises of 87 days, making it the shortest first quarter we have had in the last 13 years. The fourth quarter of 2013 comprised of 95 days. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $171 million to $184 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairment and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $13 million to $16 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $158 million to $168 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $9 million to $11 million for the first quarter of 2014, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $2 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $7 million to $9 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $7 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $3 million to $5 million. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $7 million to $9 million in the first quarter of 2014, of which approximately $1 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the first quarter of 2014 is expected to be approximately 445 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Sharon, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Keith, one question about the targeted areas of the company that you expect to grow, and I think you said the mid to upper single digits this year. Can you help us determine what percentage of your total business that represents? And then what sort of growth rate roughly you expect for the remaining portion of your business?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So that represents a little over 60% of the total. And again, we think the rest of the business will grow fairly similar to the overall market rates, would be in the low single digits.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And I guess, as my follow-up, Bernard, in your commentary you talked about this quarter being the shortest quarter in 13 years. What sort of implications does that have for any semblance of seasonality for 2Q?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, in that sense, it should help a little bit. It should help our seasonality. Q2 should be the normal 91 days. Q2s are always 91 days.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer from Crédit Suisse.
Cole Patterson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Patterson dialing in for John. Probably being a little too critical here, but relative to your December quarter gross margin, I would've probably expected a little bit of a better beat [ph] considering the revenue upside. Can you help us understand the puts and takes of that, that's in the quarter gross margin?
Bernard Gutmann: Are you talking about the first quarter or the December?
Cole Patterson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: December quarter. So what you guys just reported.
Bernard Gutmann: So in -- pretty much what we have is with fairly flat revenues, we have also the same flat gross margin. So it's pretty much, I would consider, in line.
Cole Patterson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess you've guided the end markets mid to high single-digits year-over-year growth. Specifically within the SSG segment, how are you guys viewing revenue growth in that segment in CY '14?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we have stated that we think for SSG, their growth in CY '14 will be lower than the corporate average. They are doing some rebuilding. And while we're growing very quickly outside of Japan, there's not as much growth inside Japan. So as a division, that should grow slower.
Cole Patterson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then I know you guys put this inside your 10-Q, but what was gross margin within that segment for the December quarter?
Bernard Gutmann: The SSG gross margin was approximately 23.
Cole Patterson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And do you guys kind of view that as being a linear progression to your low- to mid-30s target? Or will that be something you'll see a lot of -- quite a bit of pickup mid-year 2014?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, there is some lumpiness in that. There is obviously the seasonality on the top line and also some of the savings, including the closure of the KSS factories to come later in the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Keith, I was just sort of curious, on the pricing in the quarter, you -- so it's less than 1%. I mean, I think that's a lot better than I would typically expect to see. Was there -- anything unusual going on there?
Keith D. Jackson: No. Actually, we have seen the environment steadily improve as we went through the quarter, and we actually had the opportunity in a few areas to increase prices. And so the net of that was one of the most favorable environments we've had in several years.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then for your overall reporting guidance, you seem to have -- certainly in the guidance, you've seemed to perform somewhat better than comparables years since certain other people seem to have been caught by Chinese New Year or other impacts and guided below expectations. Just curious, is there anything specific you see here that might differentiate you from other guys in terms of the environment? Or do you think that some of it might be just revenue recognition where for many other folks, they're sell-in, you're sell-through?
Keith D. Jackson: Well, certainly the sell-through piece of it, I think, gives you a closer look to what the markets are actually doing rather than sell-in. So we think we're a good proxy for that. But frankly, I think it is the focus that we've had in the markets that we've been going after, frankly, are a little bit stronger. So people that have a different mix of markets may not fare as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just kind of following on with respect to the comments on order activity. I guess, the strengthening of order activity in Q4 seasonally just seems a little unusual and very encouraging. Could you talk about how much of this you think is unique to ON, how much of this you'd attribute to the markets, kind of what your customers are telling you about the environment as we go into 2014?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I would say without question on the computing side it is specific to ON. We outgrew the market significantly in Q4, and I expect that Q1 will be similar although lower than Q4. And that is the VCore story. I think we've talked about that quite a bit. So basically, Haswell continues to ramp. It will continue to ramp in Q1. And so you should see ON specific share gains going on in that market. You also probably have some share gains going on in automotive and industrial where we've had those focus for the last couple of years, which may be company-specific. So I guess, the way we would look at it is I think we're -- those markets are healthier than normal going into the first quarter, and we're doing a little better than normal in those areas.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up to that, I think last quarter, you termed the inventory levels in distribution at dangerously low levels. Do you still feel that at this point? And I guess, it's been one of the hallmarks of the last year, where distribution channel has been reluctant to restock. Do you think that's likely to happen? And then as a follow-on to that, what sort of visibility you might have into end customer inventories, I suppose some of the OEM customers that you serve? Do you think that they're following similar patterns?
Keith D. Jackson: I do think that. I think the supply chain is quite lean. And significant growth will cause some consternation. That's one of the reasons we've been carrying a little bit more inventory internally. I expect that we should start to at least level out in the distribution channel going forward, hopefully be able to restock a little. But at this stage, none of that has played into revenue forecast.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Ellis from B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Bernard, I think in your prepared comments you talked about using SSG as a vehicle for manufacturing that it started at legacy ON fabs. Can you talk about what's possible intermediate to longer term, as you port more of the legacy ON parts over to that fab? And what are the implications for longer-term gross margins?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, it definitely is something that we're focusing on. It's not only for Niigata. We are also doing the same thing on some of our back-end facilities, like Vietnam. We are basically moving away from having SANYO factories -- SANYO-specific factories now or SSG-specific factories now. We are basically have 1 single manufacturing network. And the usage of the SSG factories for ON obviously is healthy in terms of capital avoidance and also allows to improve the gross margin on the SSG front by [indiscernible] overhead costs.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up to that, what's the export percent of the SSG business in the fourth quarter? And as you flex that manufacturing capability, where should investors expect it would go, say, exiting 2014?
Bernard Gutmann: When you say export, you're talking about revenues outside of Japan?
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: That's right.
Bernard Gutmann: It's now about 65% of the total footprint of SSG is outside of Japan in -- on a growing pattern.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. And any stab for where it would be exiting this year?
Keith D. Jackson: It should be less than 50%. I mean -- excuse me, less than 30% inside Japan.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: And then a follow-up on CapEx, Bernard. What should we think about with respect to CapEx this year? And I'm sorry if you mentioned that on the call, and I missed it.
Bernard Gutmann: No, we haven't made a prediction on that. We're still using the same model of 6% to 7% of revenue. In 2013, we did actually underspend some. We spent $155 million or 5.7%. But the long term, well, it keeps being the same, approximately 7%, when you look at it over a medium period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aashish Rao from Bank of Conductor (sic) [Bank of America Merryll Lynch]
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Bernard, could you talk about OpEx expectations over the course of the year and specifically timing of the warranty of retirement program savings and the magnitude of that? And any other puts and takes as we look ahead?
Bernard Gutmann: So the -- for the first quarter, our midpoint of our guidance is $2 million less than the current actual. So what we're seeing there is the benefit of the SSG restructuring coming to fruition -- or partially coming to fruition, offset by small increases in variable comp, and we expect that to continue throughout the year. In general, we'll see a reduction in SSG expenses offset by variable stock comp and some other minor expenses, in general, to have a yield that's fairly flat, maybe a smidge increase in the back half if results are very good.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then, Keith, you highlighted the expected free cash flow improvement in 2014 hitting the $300 million to $400 million or so. Do you still intend to pay down the maturing debt? Or do think it's a better use of the cash to do more buybacks given where the stock is -- where it is?
Keith D. Jackson: We certainly will be looking as we did in the fourth quarter for good times to buyback more stock. But in general, we will be paying off debt as it's due.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Schneider from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering with respect to SANYO or SSG, could you state whether you still expect to take the breakeven level for SANYO to $150 million? And do you still expect that to happen in Q3 of this year?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes.
Keith D. Jackson: Correct.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then maybe Keith, an end market question for you. Specifically on the consumer white goods, washing machines, the air-conditioners, things like that, relative to normal seasonality you see at this point in time, do think that's a little bit stronger or a little bit weaker than normal for Q1?
Keith D. Jackson: A little bit stronger than normal. But again, it will be down from Q4 but it's stronger than normal. And what we're seeing there, again, is the push to the higher-efficiency models gaining share within the total sales of white goods.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Ing from MKM Partners.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: ASP is expected down 2% in March. Does that reflect year-end price adjustments or more of a prevailing pricing environment going forward? It seems the gross margin guidance is pretty reasonable, given you've got a 1-point-plus headwind in March here.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, that is basically implementing all of our annual contracts. They all go into effect January 1. So we get the biggest impact for the year in January on a regular basis.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it's reasonable to think it could be not as aggressive going forward?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. Actually that -- again, that is actually good results because normally those annual contracts have bigger impacts in the first quarter than 2%. So we're still seeing a continuation of a more favorable pricing environment.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: That's good news. And then there's comments about raising inventory levels because of customer inventory, is this based on any specific feedback or signals that customers are going to replenish? Or is this just anticipating GDP is going to look good? Or -- and also could you update the China distribution business entering Chinese New Year, was it in sort of a burn or replenishment mode?
Keith D. Jackson: So distribution remains in a burn mode. There's no replenishment at this stage in sight. And in general, customers are -- have not yet, I think, started ordering more than they need out of fear, but there are certainly heightened concerns being given to us by the customers as they are looking at their 2014 and looking at growth and their levels and becoming a bit cautious.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Rolland from FBR Capital Markets.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So can you guys talk about your optical image stabilization products? So how should we think about revenues currently? What kind of margins are we talking about there? And how do you view uptake this year? Would it be linear? Or are we perhaps talking about an infection point at some point during the year?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. Margins are higher than corporate average. And we would expect to see growth in 2014 stronger in the second half. Basically, we've gotten a significant number of big wins in China Mobile handset vendors, and those are for new models that will start ramping here at the end of Q1 and Q2 and be in full production by Q3. Total revenues there, I don't know that I have just the OIS piece of that. So we can follow up with that at another time.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. Just a follow-up on that. I was just wondering if there are any developing developed -- excuse me, world handsets. And then my second question is you guys talked a bit about the compute market. How do you sort of view your share there now? How many points do you think you could sort of take in 2014? And then given the competitive dynamics in the market, do you like your prospects to pick up more share in '14 or in '15?
Keith D. Jackson: So on the computing front, I -- we like our prospects both years. We think we'll continue to increase. We've got some great products at great prices there and great positioning with the processor platforms. I think we still have another 10 points of market share to go in the notebooks. We're kind of in the low to mid-30s right now. I think that number can get up into the 40s over the next 12 to 18 months, I think is a reasonable expectation. On the camera side, yes, there's developed country phones with that in there, several of the Windows phones that are made by the big European company use those and several other phones made by North American suppliers use them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Rakesh from Sterne Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I was wondering on the automotive side if you could give some color on the design wins and how you see that picking up through the year. And also on your SANYO business, how that looks in terms of design wins for the year?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So design wins in automotive, we had record design wins 2013. Those were after very good year in 2012. So from a production perspective, you see most of those gains happen in the fourth quarter of the year with the new model ramps. And so we're feeling pretty good about continued automotive increases as we get to the end of '14 and then even stronger based on the '13 wins we had in 2015. SSG, we've mentioned several times, we're getting great traction outside of Japan, with our key focus areas there and no major changes in Q4 from a momentum perspective. We continue to strengthen that and see that as an opportunity for us to really return to at or above market in 2015.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. And last question here, I joined late, but any thoughts on how you look at your operating -- OpEx going out, what level is there?
Bernard Gutmann: So OpEx, they should be fairly flat with a minor increases in the back half of the year associated with variable comps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Wang from Evercore.
Michael C. Lucarelli - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: This is actually Mike for Patrick. In the prepared comments, you talked about increasing channel inventory. How much of a bump are you baking into your guide from that?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So we're on a sell-through, so the answer is none.
Michael C. Lucarelli - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: All right, easy answer, was perfect. For SANYO, where is the upside coming from last quarter? And maybe how should we model it in the first quarter?
Keith D. Jackson: So last quarter, as we mentioned, we saw stronger-than-expected pickup in our power module business for the consumer white goods. And again, it was just -- it was unseasonably stronger than we expected. And as you go into first quarter, there's normal seasonal patterns that will bring both consumer business in general and then the white goods business also down a bit. But in general, that continues to exceed expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just following up on SSG and the comments for slight growth. Can you talk about what applications you do expect to drive that growth and then what applications are still lagging a bit at SSG?
Keith D. Jackson: So the mobile handset business should lead the growth with the intelligent power module business right behind it. Those should be the strongest 2. What continues to not grow as quickly is the balance of their consumer entertainment businesses.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then as my follow-up, you talked about improving free cash flow, can you just talk about your increasing the buyback a bit, what your thoughts about dividend longer term and then if M&A could come back into the mix at some point?
Bernard Gutmann: Okay. So in terms of share buybacks, as I said, we still have $143 million available under the approved program. And we think it is still a good way to return cash to shareholders, it's our primary way to do it right now. We intend, as Keith mentioned, to continue paying down the debt as it matures. It's about $100 million or so for this year, and that will get us closer to a net debt, which -- at which point of time we could look at other means, including the dividend. But for right now, pretty much it's share buybacks and pay the debt as it gets -- as it matures. On M&A, our first priority was to fix SSG. We have mentioned in previous occasions that small tuck-in M&A or areas where we could increase our value to our customers are things that we would consider.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Keith, in the renaming of the SANYO business it's called the Systems -- it had the word Systems in the name there. Why did you choose to put Systems? Are they more system-oriented than standard semiconductor businesses?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. It is, these are internal nomenclatures. We don't market those externally. The team spent a lot of time on it. There's lots of advantage to keeping the same initials, and I wouldn't read much into it.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Just on the discussion of the fab. I was just trying to -- the SANYO facility, you're just -- you're basically putting -- you're using those facilities for other ON products. It's not necessarily that you're changing anything relative to what you're seeing on the core SANYO in terms of ultimately taking cost out. Or is there some change? I guess, it seems like maybe there are some change, but you're...
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, let me explain. So as part of the reductions, when the guys first look at the program, they looked at basically all the capital spend for that group. And the wafer fab in Japan was a big piece of the cost and they had targeted taking a lot more cost. Well, since our business activity across the board has been going up dramatically, we relooked at that and said it's a much less -- or much better cost effectiveness for our growth to put ON products into that factory to absorb the cost with the other growing businesses. So the net impact to SSG will be the same, and for the corporation we should save capital and be able to grow faster in an easy fashion because we had underutilized space.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a quick one on the auto business. I think 10 years ago, it seemed like for the auto business, you'd have to get a design win many years in advance and then ultimately you'd finally get the payoff. Have we seen that time to payoff for your investment shrink? And it seems like maybe -- you talked about some wins here recently that's only a year, so from when you got the design win to when it's showing up in models.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, it really depends where that application win is, and things like engine and powertrain is still a 3-year cycle. There's not much that's changed there. But in more of the customer convenience or consumer experience pieces of the automobile, that can go quicker, that can be a 1-year or 18-month cycle as opposed to the traditional 3.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Van Hees.
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I just had a follow-up question on the gross margins. Bernard, you talked about the puts and the takes, and I just wanted to make sure that as we're looking forward, we're going to kind of get back to more of a gross margin expansion, especially given the strong performance you guys have with the new SANYO operations. And then my follow-up question would be in regards to the ASPs being down 2%. How does that track in line with typical seasonality for you guys?
Bernard Gutmann: So let me address first the second one. The ASP decline of 2% is low, as Keith mentioned earlier, compared to our normal first quarter decline where we have the annual contracts coming. It's normally 3% to 4%, now it's 2%. So it's a more benign environment. On the gross margin, yes, our plans are to continue expanding gross margin. The focus on the higher than -- on the areas of automotive and smartphones and industrial are areas where we have higher-than-average gross margin. The first quarter, indeed, has some peculiar items, including the shortness of the quarter and the fact that we have some shutdowns associated with Chinese New Year, as well as some preventative maintenance that are making the absorption of overhead of the factory activities a little bit less than normal. But in general, we should be seeing improved gross margin as we go throughout the year.
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then can you remind us please what your long-term gross margin model is?
Bernard Gutmann: So our long-term gross margin model is at 41% at about [indiscernible] of revenue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. Bernard, you mentioned earlier that you thought OpEx would be pretty flattish through the year but ramp a bit in the second half with variable comp. How do we reconcile that with the timing of some of the cost cuts that you put in that, I think, the $40 million savings that were supposed to be fully realized in the back half. I would think that would be an offset against an otherwise rising OpEx?
Bernard Gutmann: It is a big offset. Otherwise, we would see a bigger increase. The back half growth is based on our assumption of a substantial improvement in the top line. If that doesn't materialize, then you will not see that increase I mentioned.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have no further questions at this time. Mr. Agarwal, I'll turn the call back over to you.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Please feel free to call us with any questions. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Parag Agarwal Bernard Gutmann - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC, Executive Vice President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and Treasurer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC Keith D. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC
Analysts: Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jamie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ON Semiconductor's Third Quarter 2013 Financial Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Parag Agarwal, Senior Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you, Jamie. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's third quarter 2013 quarterly results conference call. I am joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relation section of our website at www.onsemi.com. A replay will be available at our website approximately 1 hour following this live broadcast and will continue to be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the third quarter of 2013. The script for today's call is posted on our website. Additional information related to our end markets, business segments, geographies and channels is also posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release, which is posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, may, expect, will, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors which can affect our business including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the third quarter of 2013. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors. Later this quarter, we will be attending the Crédit Suisse Technology Conference in Scottsdale, Arizona on December 4. Now, let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of the third quarter 2013 results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Parag, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Let me begin by updating you on the progress on our key financial objectives. Let me start with our SANYO Semiconductor Products Group. We continue to make progress in our efforts to improve profitability of our SANYO Semiconductor operations. During the third quarter, we were able to reach breakeven on a non-GAAP EBITDA basis for SANYO Semiconductor on revenue of $157 million, but we still faced headwinds of $0.01 to our overall non-GAAP EPS as compared to a headwind of $0.05 in the second quarter and $0.07 in the first quarter. To further accelerate the progress towards an optimal cost structure for SANYO Semiconductor, we recently announced additional measures to further align SANYO Semiconductor's cost with its near-term -- near- to medium-term revenue outlook. These actions involve the closure of a test and assembly plant in Japan and the initiation of a voluntary retirement program for a significant number of employees. The primary goal of these measures is to achieve sustained profitability for SANYO Semiconductor in quarterly revenue range of approximately $150 million to $170 million. With these actions and additional efficiency measures, we are taking steps to further lower the break-even point on a non-GAAP net income basis for SANYO Semiconductor to quarterly revenue of approximately $150 million in the second half of 2014 and to approximately $140 million by mid-2015. The comparable break-even point in the third quarter of 2013 was approximately $170 million. We believe that in near- to medium-term, we can run SANYO Semiconductor business at quarterly revenue ranges of approximately $150 million to $170 million. With this revenue range and with the optimized cost structure, we expect SANYO Semiconductor to be accretive to our earnings for the full year 2014. Keith will provide additional details on SANYO Semiconductor product group in his prepared comments. Now let me update you on the core ON Semiconductor business. Our legacy business remains strong, and we continue to make progress in key growth areas such as smartphones, automobiles, white goods and select areas of industrial market. Our design win momentum in our target growth areas remains strong and we expect continued growth in these segments. We also continue to focus on returning cash to share -- to stockholders. During the third quarter, we used approximately $30.2 million to repurchase approximately 4.1 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $7.41. At the end of the third quarter, approximately $202 million remain of the total authorized amount under the current stock repurchase program. Now, let me provide you an update on the third quarter 2013 results. ON Semiconductor today announced that total revenue for the third quarter of 2013 was approximately $715 million, an increase of approximately 4% from the second quarter. GAAP net income for the third quarter was $0.11 per diluted share. Excluding the impact of amortization of intangibles and restructuring and other special items, non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $0.17 per diluted share. Non-GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 34.8%, an increase of approximately 115 basis points quarter-over-quarter, driven primarily by contribution from SANYO Semiconductor. Unlike the second quarter, we did not have any benefit from insurance proceeds or other items in the third quarter. Excluding the impact of insurance proceeds in the second quarter, gross profit -- gross margin improved by approximately 240 basis points quarter-over-quarter in the third quarter. Average selling prices during the third quarter declined by approximately 1% quarter-over-quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were approximately $163 million, down by approximately $4 million as compared to the second quarter of 2013. The sequential decline in operating expenses was driven by a decline in stock-based compensation, in addition to tight control on costs and on discretionary spending. We exited the third quarter of 2013 with cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $554 million, a decline of approximately $25 million from the second quarter. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was approximately $60 million. We spent approximately $50 million of cash on the purchase of capital equipment and approximately $32 million for the repayment of long-term debt and capital leases. As noted earlier, we used approximately $30 million for repurchase of our stock. At the end of the third quarter, ON Semiconductor days of inventory on hand were 115 days, up approximately 3 days from the prior quarter. The increase in inventory was driven by builds to relieve supply constraints in certain product areas, especially those related to automobiles. And included in our total inventory is about $30 million or 6 days of bridge inventory, primarily related to consolidation of certain factories. In the third quarter, distribution inventory was down by approximately $8 million quarter-over-quarter, while distributor resales grew by 5% quarter-over-quarter. In terms of days, distributor inventory was approximately 9 weeks in the third quarter, down by approximately 1 week as compared to the second quarter. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. Let me start with comments on SANYO Semiconductor and then I will address the overall business environment and various end markets. We are increasingly confident of attaining sustained profitability and stable revenue within 2014 for SANYO Semiconductor. As we stated earlier, we intend to run this business at an acceptable level of profitability, and we are aggressively taking steps to achieve our profitability goals for SANYO Semiconductor. With the measures we announced recently, we are realigning SANYO Semiconductor's cost structure to attain sustained profitability in quarterly revenue range of approximately $150 million to $170 million. As Bernard indicated in his earlier remarks, we are targeting a breakeven on non-GAAP net income basis at a quarterly revenue of approximately $150 million in the second half of 2014 and then approximately $140 million by 2015. We believe that our target revenue range is well within our reach. Along with improvements in cost structure, we are making progress in stabilizing the revenue for SANYO Semiconductor. We've had success in growing SANYO Semiconductor's revenue outside of Japan, as we have leveraged our relationship with our existing customer base to sell SANYO Semiconductor's products. From first quarter to the third quarter this year, SANYO Semiconductor's revenue to customers located outside of Japan has increased by approximately 11% as opposed to an increase of approximately 4% for SANYO Semiconductor's total revenue. As a result of changes we implemented over the last 2 years, SANYO Semiconductor's product pipeline has significantly improved, and we expect to see increasing revenue from new products starting in 2014. We have identified key technologies within the SANYO Semiconductor Group, and we are leveraging these technologies to target a broad set of markets. We have realigned SANYO Semiconductor's R&D efforts and product lines to target applications in the areas of handsets, autos and motor control. We are leveraging relationships with customers outside of Japan to drive sales of products from SANYO Semiconductor. With improved visibility into revenue potential of current product pipeline, we believe that we can sustain quarterly revenue in the range of approximately $150 million to $170 million in the near- to mid-term for SANYO Semiconductor. Now let me address the current business trends. The overall business environment continues to improve, but the recovery continues to be choppy and demand continue to lag historical seasonal trends. Similar to many of our peers, we have noticed weakness in the smartphone market due to inventory corrections. We've also noticed some broader weakness in China, especially in the distribution channel. However, current bookings trends continue to remain relatively healthy. For the third quarter, our lead times were flat quarter-over-quarter, and we expect lead times to stay at the current level. In the third quarter, our global factory utilization was in the high-80% range as compared to the mid-80% range for the second quarter. Now, I'll provide some details of the progress in our various end markets. The automotive end market represented approximately 26% of revenue in the third quarter and declined by approximately 2% quarter-over-quarter. Revenue in the automotive segment was negatively impacted by a customer platform transition related to certain mature car audio products from SANYO Semiconductor. We've been shifting our focus to higher-growth and higher-margin products in the automotive segment. And as car audio is a mature product segment, it is not an area of strategic focus. Capacity constraints in a few product areas also negatively impacted revenue. We have taken steps to alleviate these constraints, and supply has now returned to normal levels. We continue to see strong design-in activity in automotive lighting, and we have secured wins for our integrated RGB controller and LIN communications interface at a North American OEM and at a key European Tier 1 supplier. In addition, we secured our first high-volume design win for rear combination lights at a key Korean OEM. We have content of more than $10 in this solution. Our In-Vehicle Networking portfolio continues to experience strong design activity, with recent wins at a key German OEM for our FlexRay transceiver that supports the latest high-performance automotive communications protocol. We also secured significant wins with our LIN and CAN products at a key body electronics supplier in North America. Revenue for the fourth quarter for our automotive segment is expected to be slightly up quarter-over-quarter. The communications end market, which includes both networking and wireless, represented approximately 17% of revenue in the third quarter, up approximately 4% as compared to the second quarter. Sales in the handset market lagged our expectations due to inventory corrections at major smartphone OEMs and also at indigenous handset suppliers in China. We continue to gain market share with our battery protection, battery chargers, protection devices, filtering and power management ICs. We continue to see increased traction for our autofocus and image-stabilization products. We expect to see ramp of our high-precision LDO in the fourth quarter resulting from a win on a key baseband reference design. Also we expect to see increased demand in the fourth quarter for many of our standard components, such as protection devices, E-squared memory, logic and discrete devices, driven by releases of new smartphones and tablets. Revenue for the fourth quarter for our communications segment is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter due to year-end inventory corrections at major handset OEMs. The consumer end market represented approximately 20% of revenue in the second (sic) [third] quarter. It was up 11% as compared to the second quarter. We saw significant growth in revenue from the standard products and power management devices driven by volume production ramp of next-generation gaming systems. We also earned a design win with our integrated power modules at a major air conditioner supplier in Japan. Revenue for the fourth quarter for our consumer segment is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. Our industrial end market, which includes military, aerospace and medical, represented approximately 20% of revenue in the third quarter and was up approximately 5% quarter-over-quarter. In the military and aerospace market, we secured design wins for digital ASICs supporting commercial aerospace customers in Europe and onshore military programs in the United States, as well as wins in mixed-signal foundry services. In the medical segment, we continued our success in the third quarter with our hearing health audiology products, earning 6 design wins during the quarter. During the third quarter, ramp of new ASICs drove robust quarter-over-quarter growth for our imaging products for medical applications. Revenue for the fourth quarter for our industrial segment is expected to be slightly up quarter-over-quarter. The computing end market represented approximately 16% of revenue in the third quarter and was up approximately 5% compared to the second quarter. Vcore power management share gains on Haswell notebook platforms contributed to the above-market performance in computing during the quarter as this new platform ramped into volume production. We experienced strong growth in MOSFET revenue from several motherboard and hard disk manufacturers. In addition, we secured a custom Vcore solution win for a major motherboard manufacturer that expanded our served available market to the channel motherboard market. Revenue for the fourth quarter in our computing segment is expected to be down quarter-over-quarter. In other news, Electronic Products China has named our NCP1850 series switching battery chargers for smartphones and tablets as a winner of the Top-10 Power Products Award. In addition, ON Semiconductor was presented with the 2012 excellent development award by Yanfeng Visteon Electronics, China's largest automotive infotainment manufacturer. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for other comments and other forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Now for fourth quarter 2013 outlook. While booking trends and end-market demand outlook remains healthy thus far in the quarter, we're being cognizant of a rather soft macroeconomic outlook in our fourth quarter guidance. Based upon product bookings, booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $675 million to $705 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Backlog levels for the fourth quarter of 2013 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated fourth quarter 2013 revenues. We expect that average selling prices in the fourth quarter of 2013 will be down by approximately 1% sequentially. We expect inventory at distributors to rise on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $30 million to $40 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, bringing the total capital expenditures to approximately $170 million for 2013. For the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins of approximately 33.8% to 34.8%. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $198 million to $218 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $40 million to $50 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $158 million to $168 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million to $12 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $3 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $7 million to $9 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $6 million to $8 million, and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $2 million to $4 million. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $7 million to $9 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, of which approximately $1 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2013 is expected to be approximately 450 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. Now, an important update on our corporate entity structure. We are in the process of seeking regulatory approval to migrate our principal-controlled foreign corporation from Bermuda to Switzerland, which, if approved, will be effective during the first quarter of 2014. This change is driven by a variety of factors including feedback from customers, suppliers and governments, as 0 tax jurisdictions such as Bermuda continue to lose favor within the global business and regulatory communities. We anticipate that this change will likely result in an incremental increase to our annual cash tax expense in the range of $3 million to $5 million. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Jamie, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Christopher Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the SANYO restructuring, can you just give us a sense of how much cost is going to come out of OpEx and/or gross margin and what sort of a pace that will be over the next 4 quarters or so?
Bernard Gutmann: So I need to break it down into 2 things. First one is the back-end closure of our back-end factory in Japan. That should generate approximately $16 million in annual savings or $4 million per quarter, primarily in COGS or pretty much all in COGS. But -- and that is scheduled to be completed by the second quarter of 2014. With inventory bridge builds that we're doing, we will not see the full benefit of that until 2015. The second portion is a little bit more variable because it's a voluntary program that we have in place with -- we are targeting 600 to 700 people, and that should yield savings of approximately $36 million to $45 million, probably 75% of that in OpEx -- 70% to 75% of that in OpEx and the remainder in COGS. We don't have a precise timing because these discussions take time with -- in the Japan culture. But we expected to see some of the benefits in the first quarter and fully then in the second half of the year.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. And for my follow-up, maybe you guys could address why sort of the SANYO revenue has not recovered and just continues to bleed? And then maybe give us a few reasons why you're confident you can stabilize it now.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, I will comment on that one, Chris. This'll be our third quarter above the $150-million mark. We think we've got the floor. Predominantly, that decline was driven by the Thailand floods and all of the customer reactions that happened as a result of that, plus the decline in the Japan consumer suppliers. So our customers losing market share dramatically. And I think to the first one, the flood stuff's now completely gone. We don't have to worry about anymore leakage. And on the second one, our exposure to those customers is now very minimal. Most of the products we're selling in Japan is in other markets, other than the consumer goods. So that combination gives us comfort in a floor. And then the pipeline we've got for smartphones, automotive and motor control gives us a strong indication that we should be able to grow it back from these levels.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: For the first question, I guess I ask a little bit of the bigger-picture question with regard to demand. And I'm sure you guys have had the opportunity here, what some of your peers had said -- have said about what's going on now. And I think the commentary kind of ranges from demand being seasonal to, perhaps, a muted recovery. And again, I guess there's always the fear of a cyclical correction -- could be starting. What's your view of what's going on here with regard to the market?
Keith D. Jackson: Clearly, our view is that there is not a cyclical downturn in the making. The inventory levels in the channel and at our customers are near all-time lows. So there's really no -- nothing that would cause a cyclical downturn or frankly, much room to fall. So we think most of the impact here is seasonal. It certainly has some choppiness in the market recoveries, particularly in the China consumers, which I think is showing up as a little bit of an inventory correction. So overall, what we would call Q4 in the broader market is a slightly more seasonality in Q4 than we have seen in the past, but not anything significant.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up, maybe you could expand on the weakness that you're seeing in China right now, and I guess the magnitude of the weakness, where it is and how long do you think that lasts.
Keith D. Jackson: So we're seeing a little bit more, a point or 2 of weakness in China over what we have seen normally as seasonality. Again, I think it is based on the consumption in China being a little bit off the expectations. So people kind of overbuilt a little bit in Q3, and they are correcting it in Q4. We don't see that sustainably going down. We think Q1 should see the consumers behaving, again, fairly normally around Chinese New Year, and there's no indications that this will bleed over into 2014.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Schneider from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you can maybe talk about the March quarter seasonality, Keith. Maybe remind us of what it typically is. And then given the muted seasonality commentary you provided earlier, maybe talk about whether you think that this March quarter will be better or worse than seasonal, given all the things you're seeing right now.
Keith D. Jackson: Our typical seasonality has been in the minus 2% to 3% range. And again, at this stage, we're seeing pretty good fill into the quarter and nothing that would indicate that it would be substantially different than normal.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then as a follow-up on gross margins, you talked about the fact that industrial and automotive, you're expecting to be up in the fourth quarter. And you talked about the fact that your factory utilization is also up in the third quarter. So I would've expected gross margins to be better than the down 50 basis points sequentially that you guided to. So can you help us understand what's going on there with the gross margin?
Keith D. Jackson: Well, there may be some opportunity, Jim. But frankly, you're getting about a 50% fall-through on the revenues that are down sequentially quarter-on-quarter in our guidance. So it's pretty much in line with the operational metrics that we've had and talked about in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: When we think about the OpEx side of the equation, I realize, Bernard, you don't know exactly how the retirement is going to flow in. But from the $163 million mark you're guiding to in the fourth quarter, should we assume that, that number should bleed down through the course of the year, starting in the first quarter?
Bernard Gutmann: From the SANYO point of view, yes, it should be coming down. And it will be partially offset by variable comp expenses throughout the year, but not to a significant extent.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then as we look into the 3 segments, could you tell us -- and forgive me if this is in the 10-Q already, but can you tell us what the gross margin is by the 3 product segments that you break out, please?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, hold on one second. So in the -- I'll see if I can pull it up. The Application Product Group for third quarter is 44.2%; Standard Product Group, 33%; and SANYO, 21.9%.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And do you expect the SANYO to go down because of seasonality? Or does some of the cost saving actions and efficiencies you put in allow that to continue to rise in the fourth quarter?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, for the short term, we have a small reduction in -- expected in revenues similar to the overall guidance, maybe even a little bit less. And so gross margin, I expect them to be flattish to what we have right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Last quarter, you expected a greater than 1/3 Haswell mix hitting in Q3 and over 1/2 before Q1. Is this still in line -- the trends that you're seeing now, are they still in line with your expectation from last quarter?
Keith D. Jackson: I think it may be slightly less than that ramp-wise, so not quite as quick but the ramps did start. I don't have precise numbers for that. The ramps did start and will continue into Q1.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then if we look at your core business, what are the opportunities for gross margin expansion outside of rising utilization rates into next year?
Keith D. Jackson: So yes, the big few I guess that we've got, one is mix. As we, again, grow our target markets a little faster than the overall numbers, we've talked about that, we get great ASPs from the industrial side, the automotive and the handsets, which will be the quickest growing. So the mix is a big piece of that equation. You've heard about some of the closures that we're making there on the SANYO side. So you should expect some more expansion there as we close factories and again, ramp automotive and smartphones for those guys. And beyond that, it's really the next-generation platforms. As our new products become a larger percentage of the total, you get better margins on those.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Keith, in your prepared comments, you talked about the non-Japanese SANYO business being up, I believe, 11% sequentially. Kind of curious what percent...
Keith D. Jackson: Go ahead. First 3 quarters of the year.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First 3 quarters. So I'm kind of curious, how much revenue is coming outside of Japan today? And kind of given the SANYO pipeline that you see, how much would you expect it to be a year from now?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I believe the numbers are approximately 65% outside of Japan today, and I would expect that number to move up to the 75% range as you exit next year.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then specific to Tristan's question about gross margins, I'm just kind of curious, as you look at the pipeline for SANYO, how we should think about gross margins progressing there, both with the product mix and what you're doing on the cost side.
Keith D. Jackson: There will be a good progression there, faster than for the overall business because there are still a lot of operational inefficiencies that are being worked on through 2014. Plus as we mentioned, the new product pipeline is in more favorable areas than the traditional consumer background. So I actually don't have it in front of me nor do we project more than one quarter at a time. But I would expect a significantly steeper ramp on that than the total business.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Do you think -- is there a target level we should be thinking about just for the SANYO business?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, what we said in the Analyst Day, and I think that still holds true in terms of gross margin for SANYO, is just in the low to middle 30s as a medium-term goal.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then, guys, quick on my last question. You guys recently did an $800 million revolver. I'm just kind of curious, Keith, is that -- the use of proceeds there, are you comfortable now that SANYO's behind you? You've always been somewhat of a growth-by-acquisition story. What's the view on acquisitions in the current environment?
Keith D. Jackson: Certainly, we are feeling that we've got the SANYO problems behind us. That has been keeping us from doing anything. We're not necessarily anxious to get back into the marketplace, but certainly open.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was just hoping you could comment a little bit on your business from -- more strategic on the applications products versus the standard products, in terms of is there a particularly one of those that you're putting more emphasis on going into the future? So if I look at the standard products, for example, it has really great EBIT margins, so would you harvest there though to put R&D into applications? Or given the strong margins, would you keep ramping up, say, standard products? So that's both organic. And then if -- as you consider an acquisition, which side would you prefer to add from an acquisition perspective?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So I guess I'll give you a slightly different look at the strategic thought pattern on that. Clearly, our standard product's getting much lower level of investment, which is one of the reasons they generate some outstanding cash for us. That will continue. However, when you're talking about growing the businesses, every time we've taken apart applications, you find the kind of ASIC or application-specific piece surrounded by an almost equal number of dollars of standard products. So we're actually not looking to change our course and we're looking to use the kit approach, if you will, of influence with our customers to increase sales in both categories around the key applications we're going after. But the good news is it doesn't take more R&D to do that with the standard products.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just looking at your auto business, it's, I think, your largest category. You guys have been fairly successful there. You seem to be kind of across the board. You talked about auto infotainment products, but also doing in-body products like FlexRay. Could you talk a little bit about -- even if you don't know the exact percentages, generally, do you see yourselves more focusing on sort of infotainment or more on the body engine and power steering-type applications?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. The infotainment actually will be the smaller portion for a long time. The applications in the body and engine are going to be much better dollars, and so that's where the bulk of the work will be.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Cassidy from Stifel.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Your capital expenditures, you're saying that you expect those to be $170 million. Can you say what -- where that capital expense is being used? And then do you have a view into what 2014 would be?
Bernard Gutmann: So 2014, in general, our philosophy is to spend 6% to 7% of our revenue on capital expenditures, and we are not changing that approach. For the most part, the expenditures we are incurring in 2013 are capacity related, with some more minor portion in cost reduction and just legal and environmental.
Operator: The next question comes from Aashish Rao from Bank of America.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Keith, the auto sales have been flat for 2 years in a row now, flat or slightly up, while most of your competition has been faring better. Production is still robust, and there's chip content growth. And you highlighted exit from audio products as being one of the headwinds. So just wondering are most of these headwinds out now? Or do you still see some legacy business that could decline next year that could help prevent a return to the double-digit growth targets that you have?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. No, I think all of those events are behind us now. We had a number of flood-related impacts that are now out of the system, along with the obsolescence in the radio business. So Q3 really marked the end of the declines and you should see us at or above market rates going forward.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Okay. Bernard, another question. Just looking ahead, you're shaping up to achieve kind of like a net cash positive milestone sometime in the next year or so. You still have a little bit of debt coming due in 2014. Now could you just provide some color on minimum cash level you're comfortable with and uses of cash for paying down further debt versus buybacks?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, right now, we intend to pay back our debt as it matures for the next year. We do have a share buyback program in place, which we have $202 million at the end of the third quarter still available, and we have been active on that and we will continue on that front. We can operate the company with the cash levels substantially below where they are right now. Obviously, we don't want to go to levels that are too low. But we are quite comfortable where we are right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Keith, can you talk about opportunities in the industrial market? You said you're looking to be -- some selective growth there. If you can just highlight where you see the best opportunity, and also comment on just how design activity is there.
Keith D. Jackson: So I think the fastest-growing market in our industrial segment is LED general lighting. So you should be seeing the most rapid growth, revenue-wise, in that segment from that. But we're also seeing some good growth from design-ins in basically energy-efficient building controls, which will accelerate as industrial buildings pick up with the global market.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up, the end-market commentary for Q4, can you rank them in terms of the markets? Are they going to be down, some that might be down moderately versus more? And then more specifically, to the consumer market, the builds for video games, does that take a little bit of a pause here? What's your outlook there?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So actually, the consumer builds do slow down and we would expect that toward the higher end, if you will, of the declines. Computing also traditionally will come down as well. And then on the better side, cellphones or communications won't come off as much, and we're expecting flat to up in industrial and automotive.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Ing from Lazard Capital Markets.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: First of all, some of these temporary headwinds in automotive, how much car audio applications are left that you plan on exiting? And have you fully lifted the capacity constraints in some of the new applications?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. Capacity constraints are all behind us. And from an audio perspective and the radio, that's down to $1 million or $2 million a quarter, revenue-wise.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: $1 million or $2 million. Okay, great. And then sort of a larger question here, I mean, absent an immediate end-market recovery, what do you feel is going to drive the top line here? Is it really the design win pipeline or some of the exposure to the better end markets or some share of content gains?
Keith D. Jackson: It -- continued share gains on the computing side certainly will provide some growth as that Haswell platform ramps next year. But in the handsets, it's continued content increases, which we think will have a significant impact as you go into early 2014.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: In terms of Bay Trail for Intel, that push out, is there any -- is it too early to call any impact for that? They talked about more second half 2014.
Keith D. Jackson: Too easy -- too early, but there shouldn't be a significant change there from -- at least positioning-wise from the Haswell, so probably not a major event.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Ellis from B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Keith and Bernard, as we looked at the ASP trends in the business year-to-date, they have moderated a bit. And my question is as you look out to next year, given how lean the channel inventory backdrop and given where your utilization is, do you see an environment where those 1% headwinds that are impacting the business in the first quarter could actually neutralize? And if so, what do you think the drivers are to get pricing to be more of a neutral factor?
Keith D. Jackson: So pricing is definitely improving. You saw that in our Q3 numbers and in our Q4 guidance. We still expect Q1 to be down more than any other quarter because of our annual contract performance. But right now, I would say because of the leanness in the inventories, we are actually expecting a better-than-normal year next year on ASPs.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. And then there was a comment on MOSFETs, and I wasn't sure if that was on PC MOSFETs or more broadly. But there has been some discussion of a key manufacturer moving out of the PC MOSFET business. Is there an opportunity for ON in that regard. And if so, how significant would it be?
Keith D. Jackson: We limit our performance in that market, frankly, based on margins. And so we just manage the business that way. If there is more demand and the price is firm, then we certainly are able to participate in that.
Operator: The next question comes from Vijay Rakesh from Stern Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes. When you look at your 2013 OpEx you're running at a 22% range. As you look at 2014 with all the tweaks that you're doing at SANYO, do you expect to get the OpEx down, back to the 18% to 20% level as you exit 2014?
Bernard Gutmann: What we have said is that our long-term model is to operate in that 21% to 23%. So I'm not expecting that to go down to 18% next year.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. And on the SANYO side, I know you said gross margins are running at 21%, 22% -- 21.9% level and you expect it to go up to mid- to low-30s in the midterm. That's about a 1,000-basis-point improvement. How does that -- when you put that into the equation, how does your overall gross margin look for next year? How should that look for next year?
Bernard Gutmann: Well, again, we don't guide out more than 1 quarter. Again, what I would say is the main drivers for gross margin will be threefold next year. One, as we said, is the closure of some factories including KSS on the SANYO front. The second one is the normal fall-through on incremental revenue at about a 50% rate. And the third one is the mix effect that Keith referred to as we focus and outgrow selected markets, including smartphones and automotive, and that's the way I would look at it.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick Wang from Evercore.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: First question is a clarification for Bernard. I think earlier when you were talking about OpEx, I wasn't quite sure if you were implying that OpEx would be up or down on an absolute basis when we take a look at Q4, the Q4 run rate.
Bernard Gutmann: You mean compared to Q4?
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: That's right. You'd said that you've got some cost savings going on at SANYO, partially being offset by increases with core ON, which would imply that, I think, OpEx should be at a lower rate next year.
Bernard Gutmann: So first, OpEx for the third quarter pretty much, our -- the guidance is sequentially flat, the midpoint of the guidance. And then as we get the benefits of the voluntary headcount reductions at SANYO, we should see some benefit, and it will be partially offset. Depending on business performance and revenue, based on this variable comp, net-net, I expect them to be flattish in absolute dollars.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. And for my follow-up, Keith, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about China. It sounds like China has been a little bit disappointing for just about everyone. You talked about some handset problems out there. Can you go to a little bit more color with what you think is going on, when you think that handset correction is going to complete, and then also when you think that, generally, that demand environment's going to improve, whether it's ahead of Chinese New Year or kind of your thoughts there?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So overall, I think there's a couple of things going on in China. Clearly, they, on a broad basis, continue to lean out their inventories. So there is a cash preservation behavior going on pretty much everywhere in China, and that is a negative drag, if you will, on any component sales. From a handset perspective, generally, we have not seen these things take more than a quarter or maybe a little bit longer, 4 months or so, to correct. And the Chinese New Year typically is a great time to increase the demand on the handsets. So my guess is you'll be through the inventory-correction piece in the handsets in -- sometime in Q1.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Rolland from FBR.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So despite an uptick in revenues this quarter, inventories were still up in dollars and days. And I know you guys mentioned auto supply as a reason there, but perhaps you can talk about inventory levels, sort of long-term, days you guys are targeting. And if you could, remind us on fab utilizations now and where we might be for next quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: I'll make a comment then I'll let Bernard take over. In general, you've been seeing our days of supply and distribution drop precipitously. They are, I think, at dangerously low levels. And so we have certainly looked to see how we can offset some of that and held a little bit more internally than we have in the past models. So frankly, if something doesn't turn around, I would say we're in about the right range. But it is a much higher level than we used to run strategically.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. I would say that if you look at the trend over the last decade or so, inventories in the semiconductor -- at our competitors and us, have risen as more of the inventory has been pushed back to the semi manufacturers. At 115, we are a little bit on the high side, particularly still on the SANYO, where we are higher than the average. I would think that in the long run, a goal of 100 to 110 is an adequate place as opposed to, in the past, under 100.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And utilizations, any color there?
Bernard Gutmann: Oh, sorry.
Keith D. Jackson: Wafer fabs are kind of in the high 80s in Q3, which was up from Q2, kind of the low- to mid-80s.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. And also on your clear line of sight to profitability for SANYO, I mean, can you guys talk about what sort of macro assumptions you guys have built into that sustained profitability? Is it -- I mean, can we sustain levels here? Or do we still need a modest uptick in the cycle to get you guys there? What's your thinking?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. There's nothing cyclical we put into that. It's all quite tactical, all quite short term. And I would say as long as we have something that is somewhat similar to normal seasonality, we should be operating in that $150 million to $170 million range...
Bernard Gutmann: And from the exchange rate point of view, we didn't do anything different from where we are today. We assume no major change.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And you have a question from the line of Betsy Van Hees from Wedbush Securities.
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Keith, you mentioned about -- or Bernard, I think it was you that talked about the distributors sort of pushing back, as well as the customers, and about you guys holding more inventory for them. So it seems as if the overall semi industry has been at historically low inventory levels, historically low lead times for about the past year. As you look forward and we move into 2014, is this going to be the new norm now for the industry, is that the -- the onus is on the suppliers rather than the distributors and the customers to hold inventory?
Keith D. Jackson: Certainly, that is -- I think it's more norm than not. And what's happened over time is the customer base has consolidated and they have been pushing back, and the semiconductor industry has not consolidated and hasn't had quite the power to offset that. So I think, in general, Bernard's comments earlier that the ideal days now has probably gone up 10 days of inventory for the semi suppliers versus what the models were 5, 6 years ago.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on the voluntary workforce reduction for SANYO. Is that something that's -- I know you'd announced it a while ago, but has that gone out to the employees? Have they had an opportunity to step up yet? And is that sort of running as you would've expected at this point? And you touched on Japanese culture. So I'm just wondering is this sort of voluntary reduction typical in Japan, such that you would sort of have some sense what it might typically yield, if you will?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So the one we announced here in October is going on schedule. The employees have been notified, the unions over there. The discussions have already taken place, and it is moving forward at the expected pace. So really, nothing unusual. The voluntary reduction is the way that they work over there. Without getting into lots of details, this is the same process and method that we used in the previous reductions in force during 2013.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just one follow-up on computing. Your business was up there. I think a lot of folks are down. You guys are obviously gaining quite a bit of share there. And I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about how you see that over the next year, roughly. You've obviously won on Haswell. And do you continue to expect to sort of see growth there despite, say, notebook challenges, because you are gaining share? And do you continue to also see growth maybe in desktop, because you guys are very strong there and that doesn't seem to be as bad as notebooks, short term?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. The desktop side, we're pretty much at shares near 50%. I don't think there's room for growth there. So we'll follow the units fairly closely. In the notebook side, we're still in the 30 percentages, the 30s, and so there is room for growth there. And as Haswell ramps, we expect that will increase. So there's probably no plateauing on the share gains in notebooks until the Haswell is the dominant platform.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Thank you for your participation in today's call, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark S. Frey - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Mark S. Thompson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder that today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Janson: Good morning, and thank you for dialing in for the Fairchild Semiconductor Second Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's Chairman and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we'll be attending the Cannacord Genuity Global Growth Conference on August 15 in Boston, the Morgan Stanley Corporate Access Day in Boston on August 21, and the Citi Global Technology Conference in New York on September 2. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our second quarter financial results and discuss the current status of third quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. A replay of this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. This website also contains a variety of useful information for investors, including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark S. Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. We grew sales again in the second quarter while improving adjusted gross margin 2 percentage points. R&D and SG&A spending was at the low end of our guidance range and we're now working to reduce overhead cost in the second half. Let's review some of the details, starting with the income statement. For the second quarter of 2013, Fairchild reported sales of $357 million, up 4% sequentially and 1% lower than the second quarter of 2012. Sales were at the low end of our guidance range due to a well-documented demand reduction at a couple of our large mobile customers and incremental weakness in the notebook PC market. Adjusted gross margin was 30%, up 2 points from the prior quarter due to higher factory loadings and better mix, primarily in our high-voltage products, which was partially offset by higher asset impairment charges. We expect utilization and mix to drive further improvements in gross margin again in the third quarter. R&D and SG&A expenses came in at the low end of guidance at $98.2 million. The increase from the prior quarter was due primarily to the annual merit raise and higher variable compensation accruals. Second quarter adjusted net income was $2 million and adjusted EPS was $0.01. Adjusted tax expense was $4.7 million, primarily due to a noncash revaluation of our tax assets in Korea, which was caused by the weakening of the won. Now I'd like to review our second quarter sales and gross margin performance for our 2 major product groups. Sales were up 8% from the prior quarter for our PCIA business, driven by continued broad-based strength in most high-voltage end markets. PCIA gross margin was up more than 3 points from the prior quarter at 29% due to higher factory loadings and better high-voltage product mix. In our MCCC business, sales were down 3% sequentially, driven primarily by weaker-than-expected mobile sales and incrementally lower notebook PC demand. Gross margin improved to 36%, due primarily to better product mix as we continue to reduce exposure to the low-margin notebook PC end market. Turning to our balance sheet. We increased internal inventory by $12 million or 5% sequentially, while inventory days remained flat at 85. About half of the increase was related to raw materials required to begin production in our new 8-inch fab in Korea. We have one of the leanest supply chains in the industry while maintaining our ability to support ongoing sales growth. Days of sales outstanding, or DSOs, decreased to 39 days, while payables were flat at 40 days. Free cash flow was $30 million in the second quarter, which was driven by favorable changes in working capital and continued lower capital spending. We now expect to spend no more than $90 million in capital for 2013, down from our previous target of $100 million and substantially lower than the $152 million spent last year. We ended the second quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $147 million. Turning now to forward guidance. We expect sales to be in the range of $355 million to $370 million for the third quarter. Our current scheduled backlog is nearly sufficient to achieve the low end of this range. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 31.5% to 33%, due primarily to improved factory utilization and better product mix. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $97 million to $99 million. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 15%, plus or minus 3 percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce third quarter results. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark S. Thompson: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We grew sales again in the second quarter and reported 7% revenue growth through the first half of the year. Most of our product lines experienced solid demand for the quarter, and I'll discuss in more detail in a moment. We saw some demand weakness from the notebook PC market at a couple of large mobile customers that impacted Q2 sales and our backlog heading into the third quarter. I want to review the current demand environment with you today and discuss in more detail how we're managing the company to support this expected business level. I will wrap up my prepared remarks with a review of some current quarter results and operational metrics. Sales of our products servicing the Industrial and Appliance end markets were up 15% sequentially in Q2. Sales of our highly integrated smart power modules that support the transition to variable speed motors in a wide range of home appliances and industrial fans and pumps were up 27% from the prior quarter. Our leading edge IGBT power products were up 27% sequentially due to robust demand from welding, inductive heating and solar inverter markets. We expect flat to slightly higher sales for this sector in Q3 due to solid industrial and solar inverter demand offset by typical seasonal weakness in air conditioners. Our automotive business posted record revenue again in the second quarter, driven by strong sales of our power module solutions for electronic power steering and our advance ignition control products. We expect solid sales growth in this business during 2013. Consumer demand remained muted, but we're ramping production to support some new game consoles in Q3. We expect modest sales growth for our products serving the consumer end market in the second half. Demand in the Mobile segment came in much lower at the end of the quarter than our starting backlog and initial order flow indicated. This was driven primarily by the 2 large mobile customers that reduced orders late in the quarter. We believe the reductions were due in large part to inventory reductions in our customer supply chain. We did see solid growth in another mobile customers, especially in China, but this was not enough to offset the weakness from our 2 largest customers. We continue to gain share in the segment, driven especially by continued growth in our industry-leading power conversion solutions that enable efficient adaptive battery charging at much higher voltage and wattage levels than currently available. Looking forward, we expect modestly higher mobile sales in the third quarter, driven primarily by one large customer. We also expect strong growth from our Chinese customers. Demand from the computing end market declined again in the second quarter as tablets continued to cannibalize notebook PCs. Our sales into the notebook PC market is down nearly 60% from a year ago to less than 3% of total company sales. We expect this to decline again in the second half to 2% or less of total sales. And therefore, from this point forward, will have limited impact on future results. So to sum up the current environment, demand is solid and supports our expectations for continued sales growth in the third quarter, but there are areas of concern. While there've been no significant change in demand from China, the recent weakness in a number of economic indicators there dictates some caution. Significant demand changes from key mobile customers over the last few quarters also creates challenges in planning our business. Given this demand environment, we held OpEx to the low end of guidance in Q2 and we expect flat or lower OpEx in the third quarter despite higher sales. In addition, we are working to structurally reduce operating expenses to more closely align our spending with the anticipated revenue level. We will provide more details about these reductions in the second half of 2013. Turning now to Q2 results for our sales channel and other operational performance. Distribution sell-through was up more than 2% sequentially. We proactively stocked some inventory in Distribution to prepare for upcoming mobile and gaming product launches. Our weeks of supply in the channel were up slightly to about 10.5 weeks. Sales into OEM and EMS channels were up about 1% due to increased sales into Industrial, Appliance and Automotive markets, partially offset by weaker mobile and computing demand. Factory utilization improved again in Q2 , but lead times remained short for virtually all our businesses. Overall product pricing in Q2 was down about 2% from the prior quarter and we expect similar performance in the third quarter. Finally, I'm pleased to open our new 8-inch fab facility in Korea earlier this month. This fab gives us tremendous flexibility to increase revenue generation, as well as consolidate our manufacturing further into 8-inch production to improve costs. In closing, we continue to increase sales and through the first half, are already up 7% from the end of 2012. Demand continues to be strong in the Industrial, Appliance and Automotive sectors and we expect solid growth of our products serving the mobile market in the third quarter as well. Given the difficulties our top mobile customers have forecasting actual demand, the economic dynamics in China and continued weakness in computing, we're building some conservatism into our guidance. We're also working to reduce OpEx spending in the second half to better align with the market. We remain confident that our significant exposure to faster growing end markets will enable Fairchild to increase sales at an above-average rate and drive continued improvement in margins. Thank you, and I'll turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks, Mark. We'll now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and let's take the first question.
Operator: Your first question will come from Ross Seymore.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. The first one on the revenue side. I think we're all very aware of what's happening at the biggest 2 OEMs in the world in mobile. But Fairchild has been -- it's supposed to be a share gainer in that space and it doesn't even look like your mobile revenues are really going to grow at all this year, given what you've just guided, or very little on a calendar-year basis as a whole. So can you just talk a little bit about what's happening and why some of the supposed share gains aren't happening even with the challenges of your customers?
Mark S. Thompson: So, Ross, a couple of things. So we do see steady opportunities and progress on share gains on a couple of key fronts. Those are, however, as is always the case, can be easily offset for a couple of quarters by big inventory moves. And the other aspect is that we have significantly haircut our OEM customer estimates for the second half of this year in our outlook. So we're really trying to factor in the last couple of quarters where the estimates that have been provided have been much lower than reality. And so we're using a variety of methods, including some very good analyst notes that are out there, to use volumes that are quite a bit below the official estimates. And that's what's reflected in our numbers.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess the follow-up question I have is, you alluded a little bit to trying to rightsize the OpEx. Any sort of color you can give us on the magnitude there? It seems like, earlier this year you upped the spending by roughly $10 million over how you ended last year, under the assumption that things would get better in the back half of the year. Now that the back half is once again looking challenged, is the kind of magnitude we're talking about to get us back $10 million below how we ended last year? And can that be a steady state for the company?
Mark S. Thompson: So Ross, there were no -- while the dollar amounts changed at the start of the year, those were due not to increased program or headcount. Those were due to sort of natural flows of things like variable comp and merit increases. So we've actually been pretty tight in terms of headcount and programs this year. Clearly, we need -- we want to do something that's pretty significant. We deliberately haven't quantified it because we neither want to over, nor underestimate the magnitude of what we'll choose to do. And obviously, we have to look very closely at potential customer impact. And the other thing is, is that we'd like to get a few -- at least another quarter under our belt to try to see where big mobile is going to stabilize in terms of real demand.
Operator: We'll move next to Terence Whalen from Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just as a quick update, I wanted to understand on the manufacturing side. You did, I believe, cap your CapEx. Can you just give us an understanding of, again, where you are in terms of manufacturing transition and in terms of gross margin improvements, specifically as we move through the remainder of this year?
Dan Janson: So I'm not sure, Terence, what you asked about on the CapEx side of that question.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Could you give CapEx indication for the year and limit that?
Dan Janson: Yes. We expect CapEx to be around $90 million, significantly lower than last year's $152 million. So the major capacity investments in Maine and in Bhushan are behind us. We expect to be able to continue capital investment in around these ranges, the low end of our 6% to 8% of revenue guide. And obviously, that gives us a tailwind from a cash flow generation standpoint. In terms of gross margin, we have had some favorable lead in mix as we've exited some of the lower-margin aspects of computing. And at least coming off of last year where we had significantly lower production and shipments, we're moving back to a production level that's closer to what we're actually shipping and that's moved gross margins up to about 30% for this quarter, and we expect another couple of points or so for next quarter. So at these revenue levels, that would be implied by the midpoint of our guidance, we see the gross margin in the 32% to 33% range going forward. Obviously, as we move that higher, then the gross margin would begin to get into the mid-30s.
Mark S. Thompson: I'm sorry, the one other thing that I would add to that is that the conversion -- the filling of BK8 and the opportunities to take -- to remove production from less cost-effective locations will take place over multiple quarters and will be muted in the second half of this year. It's just begun right now, but will take effect more in the first 2 quarters of next year based on our current outlook.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, terrific. And then as a follow-up, I wanted to just understand, in terms of some of the larger mobile customers where you've had some difficulty with this quarter, do you attribute that to aggregate unit volume and reverberations through the supply chain, or could there perhaps be some issues in terms of allocation amongst several different suppliers in terms of unit volume? In other words, do you think this is a problem that suppliers, in aggregate, are going to see, or is this just perhaps tension across several different suppliers for similar products?
Mark S. Thompson: Yes, so I guess what I'd say is, first, I can't -- I think it is inappropriate for me to speculate about any other companies. But what I would say is that the backlog reductions we saw were identical in size to the volume reductions that were pretty well reported in the case of one very large non-American OEM. And so based on that, I don't believe that there's any meaningful share shift, either positive or negative, associated with that, and that it appeared almost entirely to be related to volume -- basically, volume reductions in the previous generation of phones, which we're not selling the way that they expected.
Mark S. Frey: The question was on notebook, I think, though. Terence, your question was on notebooks, right? On PC?
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It was actually on mobile, more broadly.
Mark S. Thompson: Did that answer your question, Terence?
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes it did.
Operator: We'll move next to Chris Caso from Susquehanna.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I guess, on the topic of notebooks, I guess the weakness that you saw in that space, I guess I was a little surprised that to hear that side as a weakness given it had been reduced as a percentage of revenue. Is that more about your exit from that business and you're defocused on that and that business is sort of going away for you as opposed to what's going on in the market there? Obviously, we know that the market is weak, but perhaps, it's been a little bit magnified in your case because of your strategic moves?
Mark S. Thompson: Yes, it's absolutely a result of strategic moves. What happens in a multi-sourced stuff like is we have pricing floors, and when the purchase goes beneath the pricing floors, we don't even bid. And so, that's really -- what happened is, as often the case, is where there's oversupply in a segment and it's in decline, such as PC, pricing just turns very, very ugly very fast and that's really what's gating the decline of that business. As I said, I think, on its current trajectory, I think by the end of 2013, we won't have any. So we don't have to talk about it anymore.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, great. And then with regard to handsets. I mean, it sounds like what you're saying is you saw some incremental weakness in Q2, and what you're guiding us to is actually below what your customers are telling you as you're trying to anticipate some further weakness there. I guess my question that, one of the areas of strength that you cited was the Chinese market, and I think that is probably the most challenging to predict going forward and it's been very strong. Have you taken a similar haircut to those customer forecast as you look into the second half as well and I guess, what's the impact of view to the Chinese market? Is it significant for marpia [ph] ?
Mark S. Thompson: So a couple of things. Yes, we have taken or given the OEM estimates a haircut, and in fact , I think we've keyed pretty heavily on what have turned out to be some very accurate models that have existed during out there in the analyst community that have been better than the OEMs' models. But the one thing I will say is that part of the reason that we took inventory up a little bit is in the event that the numbers are better than our models today -- in other words, that they're closer to the OEM estimates, we will be able to supply. So we're not -- we're deliberately not limiting our ability to supply. We're simply not reflecting those numbers in the estimates that we put out there because so far, they've been wrong more than they've been right, and we're simply trying to catch up with that dynamic. So before I move on to China, does this makes sense?
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Yes, it does.
Mark S. Thompson: Okay. So as regards to China, China is still relatively small for us, relative to what I'll call big mobile. And so we haven't -- we don't have enough data to really haircut the numbers and frankly, they're small enough that it's kind of in the round-off era [ph] , anyway, in terms of doing that. We are concentrating on 1 or 2 that we expect to be the winners there. And we have decent content and a lot of design activity at those. But they're still heavily using solutions that are very similar to what's in the West. So the R&D expense associated with that is not that high, but that's one where we're still, I think, really developing a good model for.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move next to Christopher Rolland from Friedman, Billings and Ramsey.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So what percent of your sales now come from high-end flagship phones for a call to develop the world versus, call it, Chinese phones in the developing market? And how are you thinking about growth in those segments and your content there? And what are the margin structures like?
Mark S. Thompson: So the name -- big name brands from the West make up roughly 2/3 of our total revenue in mobile, and everything else makes up the rest. The margin profile for that business is substantially higher. We've -- I don't think we've ever put the absolute number out there, but it's substantially higher than the corporate average.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. Switching gears on the Smart Power Module business. I guess you guys said that was up 27%. So what percentage of PCIA is that now and how do you think that that's going to shake out for the rest of the year given the Chinese subsidy losses? Do you guys have any thoughts there, I guess? And as we look forward here, I mean, should we expect that to be up? It sounds like it might be down sequentially next quarter. Any thoughts?
Mark S. Thompson: So right now, we're around 20% of our PCIA revenue is in modules. And so -- and that number has been steadily increasing, although we certainly never expect it to go 100%. But it is the place. It's such an attractive design solution that it is -- it does continue to take collective share -- both ours and others, from the discrete implementations. We don't -- we have not seen any evidence that suggests that the stimulus created much upside, nor that the cancellation of the stimulus has created much downside. So the way it was structured was different than the last one; it didn't really encourage people to buy. The last one encouraged people to buy. This one didn't encourage people to buy. It encouraged them to build -- manufacturers to build a more efficient version. But there's a number of other things in place that are driving that transformation, anyway. So we think that the change is -- will be muted to 0.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Were you sort of implying that the PCIA might be down sequentially next quarter?
Mark S. Thompson: No. That's not our expectation. If you look collectively at the elements of that, we think everything will be up with the exception of the air conditioning market, which is basically a Northern Hemisphere market. So as you head into winter, the volumes typically go down. Everything else will be up enough that it will offset that. So we expect it to be flat to up, and that's reflected in our estimates.
Operator: Your next question will come from Chris Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you give us some color on the inventory situation out there in the channel. Maybe talk about your distis and your OEMs, it sounds like there was an inventory reduction in wireless, but your inventory went up in terms of distribution. Just give us a little confidence that we're not going to have another inventory correction?
Mark S. Frey: Well, we're still below the midpoint that I see in peer groups. So we are up about a half a week from where we ended last quarter. But as we examined it, it was parts that were pulled by key distributors to get ahead of key programs like PlayStation, some mid-voltage wins that we've gotten, et cetera. So we're not concerned with what they did. And obviously, we'll track that sell-through in Q4, but we're not planning on major inventory corrections going forward.
Mark S. Thompson: So, I mean, normally, we can only control channel inventory to a couple of million dollars, plus or minus, because there's always pulls that happen at the end of the quarter that we don't control, nor do we have perfect visibility to. So if you look at the magnitude of the increase, it was slightly beyond what I would regard as normal noise, and our revenue estimates include fixing that piece that's above normal noise in what more we put out there. So we are very committed to not creating a channel inventory problem that we'll have to deal with. But this one was very minor and sort of in the normal process of things.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. That's really helpful. So my follow-up, just on bookings. I think last quarter, you guys said you were booking at a $400 million quarterly run rate. Given all the volatility in backlog we've had, can you maybe give us an update on that number? And then how would that translate into what we're thinking for normal seasonality, if you could call anything normal these days, for the December quarter?
Mark S. Thompson: So we're not -- we're still trying to figure the third quarter out. So we're not going to try to quantify the fourth quarter. But there was a big chunk of mobile backlog that disappeared in the last period of Q2 and that's fully reflected in the numbers that we put out there. So if you try to quantify that, it's in the $30 million to $50 million range for the second half, and that's, as I've said, has been reflected in the numbers already.
Mark S. Frey: We've also lowered our lead times a couple of weeks across the board, and about 60% of our business is through distribution, and so they'll tend to order based on lead times as opposed to large OEMs who will always order for their 26 demand -- 26-week demand window. And so going forward, we're really now adopting to what the new patterns will be that we see from distribution.
Operator: Up next is Aashish Rao from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a follow-up on a couple of prior questions in mobile. Your mobile sales are trending to the lowest growth rates since '08. I mean, could you provide some relative exposure between high-end, mid-end and low-end smartphones? And what's the difference in the addressable dollar content for Fairchild in these phones?
Mark S. Thompson: So I guess it somewhat depends on where you draw your boundaries between low, mid and high. But what I would say is that we have little to no content in the low end. And if you look at it, the content then tends to rise as you go up. So for example, if you look at a lot of the work that we do on charge management, from adapter through charger IC and battery control, that becomes important as batteries get big. So it really correlates with how heavily the phone is used and data rates and so forth. So what we see is 0 at the low end and dollars of content at the high end.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But there's no way to quantify it in terms of what you can -- your addressable opportunity is, say, $5 in a high-end smartphone, versus something in like an entry-level smartphone that sells for $100 to $200, what your addressable content might be?
Mark S. Thompson: So again, the easiest one is the bottom end, which is 0 to a first order approximation. At the high end, you could use a number of $1 to $2 for addressable content. And depending on how it's been de-contented, it could be -- it's the same or somewhat less in the low-end phones -- or mid-range phones, I'm sorry.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Cool. And then for my follow-up, industrial, your largest end market, was very strong in 2Q and you're expected to hold up in 3Q. Normally, this is a quarter which sees some kind of typical seasonal weakening. So just wondering, do you think some of this strength is coming from lead time extensions in the first half, which might be causing higher sell-in revenue bookings?
Mark S. Thompson: So I don't see any evidence that it's caused by lead time extensions, for among other reasons because our lead times are not extending. Others may be, but that wouldn't -- that'd be a second order effect at most. I think what we're really seeing is that we're getting a broader and broader footprint in the kinds of industrial solutions that we do, right? So we originally were essentially a pure air conditioning play, which is a highly seasonal market -- air conditioning in the Northern Hemisphere I'll say, which is a highly seasonal market, of course. Nobody upgrades their air conditioner in the winter. And so on the other hand, what we've done is we've broadened that heavily into industrial pumps. There's a steady, growing business in solar inverters. Automotive electrification has become a significant part of our business. In fact, today, our largest module customer is in fact an automotive Tier 1. So if you look at that, that is really why much -- not all of the seasonality had not disappeared from the business, but it's been heavily mitigated.
Operator: John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just quickly getting back on the handsets in June. I'm just kind of curious, the 2 large handset OEMs that disappointed, had they gone to forecast, what would the revenue had been? Would you'd been talking about closer to the higher end of your guided range for the June quarter? And I guess I'm curious, when you look at those 2 customers, what's the -- in your September guidance, do you expect that bucket to grow or not grow?
Mark S. Thompson: So the -- had the backlog that was present at the beginning of the quarter stayed and we shipped to it, which was the expectation at the beginning of the second quarter, we would have been at or above the top end of our revenue range. We have reflected what I would regard as realistic conservatism in the second half of the year. So it's consistent with the more cautious views that are out there on what volumes are likely to be for the 2 top makers of phones. And so if those turn out to be low, then there's upside opportunity. If the market continues to decline, then obviously -- or not decline, but the increases modulate, then obviously, it's the other way. But we really try to be consistent with -- we've created a scorecard on some of the predictors over the last couple of quarters. And as I commented earlier, there's been a couple of industry analyses from the analyst community that have been much closer to right than the OEMs' estimates. So we've used those for our revenue forecast and our revenue guidance. However, we are staging a bit more inventory than we would normally do to make sure that we can meet the actual estimates that the OEMs are. So those are the 2 boundary conditions that we're trying to take on here. Make sure that we can meet the high end if it comes to pass. So that's present as inventory dollars, however, it's not reflected in our revenue estimates.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful, Mark. And then maybe for Mark Frey, just on the gross margin side. I just want to make sure I understand the relationship between changes in utilization and gross margin. When you look at the gross margin guidance for the September quarter, to what extent is that reflecting an increase in utilization in the June quarter that just flows through the P&L in the September quarter? And I guess, to ask the question kind of more straightforward, what do you expect utilization rates to do June to September?
Mark S. Frey: So we're holding our bill rates at roughly equivalent to the second quarter. And you're right, some of the favorability in the September quarter is the timing of the improvement in our variances that occurred in the second quarter. We are expecting that mix is modestly going to offset pricing in Q3, so there's a small tailwind based on the combination of mix and price. And then of course, we've targeted a number of cost reductions in the sites as well.
Operator: Steve Smigie from Raymond James has your next question.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just to touch on the industrial a little bit more. Just to clarify, did you indicate that you thought it would be strong throughout the balance of the year? And then just in general, can you talk about where you expect to see success, say, for the next couple of quarters. Is it continued module performance or there are also IGBTs, discrete parts or high-voltage FETs that would be doing well. Just if you'd address this, it would be appreciated.
Mark S. Thompson: So I guess one of the ways to look at the current actuals is that almost everything is growing a little bit, and that's a pattern that we expect to continue across the year. So if you take your glass half full view, that's not a bad life to live. The difference is that we had one segment, which was smart phones, that had the prospects to grow much faster than everything else, and that's what's been mitigated. But the balance of everything else, we are actually reasonably satisfied with the opportunities that exist for us. As I commented, there's a lot of content themes in Automotives and very broad deployment in industrial, in communications, base stations and so forth. So there's a lot of places where there is a steady couple of points a quarter growth opportunity. But as I said, it's slow and steady, as opposed to big incremental movements.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then Mark, can you just comment a little bit on product initiatives here? I see the R&D dollars have been ramping, or the percentage has been ramping quite a bit. What would be your involvement, say, in PMX and other higher-end handset ICs? And what other big strategic initiatives should we be thinking about over the next couple of years?
Mark S. Thompson: Well, the 2 big ones that are farthest along are advanced sensor solution and our very high-power silicon carbide solutions. And we expect those to start to become commercial realities at the end of this year or early next, and begin to become a commercial implementation. So it's very interesting. We've deliberately not talked about them very much because -- while we talk to customers about them a lot, we think we have some pretty significant competitive advantage in those places and want to wait until they actually turn into business before we try to quantify them. In terms of the sort of integration of power, it is not -- we think that the PMX world is pretty well covered. That would be our view. There's a couple of players who are very strong there. And it's also a place where some of the handset makers are growing their own, particularly offshore. There's some pretty aggressive movement to in-source PMX and I suspect some of the other -- at least one of the other big players is looking at that and may move in that direction as well just based on hiring activity and so forth. So we think the more interesting stuff is in more specialized kinds of things, such as charger ICs, for example. When you're talking about multiple voltage in current inputs and different levels of charging, depending on the state of the charge of the battery, some of those get pretty sophisticated and are much -- there are many fewer people who are positioned to do those. So the kinds of integration plays that we're looking at are the ones where we think we already bring some unique insight into either the architecture or have some compelling blocks to go after. But we aren't looking to do anything where's 2 or 3 well-established incumbents, to try to be a 4. That's a losing strategy as far as I am concerned. And so that's really the role that we're playing in smartphones as we go-forward.
Operator: Up next is Kevin Cassidy from Stifel.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just on ASPs, you say down 2% last quarter and expected to be down 2% again. Could you discuss -- it seems -- a little more about -- that seems higher than last year, and especially higher during some of the recession years. What's going on with -- pressure from your customer as they try to be more competitive at their end markets?
Mark S. Frey: Well, yes. As we said it was slightly more that average. I don't think it was enough more than average that I could point to a particular market or trend in doing that. But yes, our customers are always expecting price reductions and they always expect that to contribute to their own margin profile going forward.
Mark S. Thompson: I wouldn't call it a trend at this point. I think it's a single data point. Obviously, we're paying attention to it, but we're not -- we're neither assuming that it will moderate nor do we see any evidence that it will increase. So it's a space that we watch like anything else.
Dan Janson: Okay. Kevin, we typically talk about down 1 to 2 as normal, so it's still in normal range. The pressure was, as you would expect, mostly from mobile and PCs.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And on the mobile market, it seems the high-end phones aren't selling. Is there a pipeline of designs for high-end phones that you think could rejuvenate the market?
Mark S. Thompson: There are a number of places where we see the opportunity to increase our content, absolutely.
Operator: Moving onto Shawn Harrison from Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Hopefully, 2 just brief follow-ups. Distribution x kind of what you build to support, mobile sees upside in the game console market. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it didn't sound as if they were adding any inventory, whatsoever. It's kind of just still pulling to end demand, is that correct?
Mark S. Thompson: There's always a build that takes place when a product is launched. So there's a bit of a bulge that occurs. And then people find out exactly how popular this thing is and then it moves to some kind of steady-state. So what we see is, what I'll call the build bulge, and then no different than what was going on, for example in high-end mobile. The difference, of course, is that there isn't -- they aren't depending on selling a lot of the old version, which often takes place in phones, for example. There's a lot of inventory out there in the carriers for the previous generation. That's where interest has heavily dried up. But in the place of gaming, this is the first build and we'll see where it goes from there.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Particularly -- I'm sorry, on your PCIA side of your business, so you're seeing, I guess, distribution build inventory beyond kind of what sell-through is currently?
Mark S. Thompson: No.
Mark S. Frey: No, with the exception of our power conversion solution in the mobile space. Our inventories in PCIA were actually down at that.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, helpful. And then just second, as a follow-up. The schedule in terms of -- I know at times you want to make it move a bit, but in terms of generalities, the cost coming off of the new fab in the kind of the savings building in the second half of the year, there's no change to that timetable?
Mark S. Thompson: No. We wouldn't expect to see a lot of impact in the second half of the year, but we would expect to start to see some impact in the first half of next.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: And that would start be -- something with 100-plus basis points, correct?
Mark S. Thompson: It should be in that range.
Operator: Michael McConnell from Pacific Crest Securities.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just on the China commentary. You had stated that you've obviously seen some of the macro indicators like all of us have, and taking a little bit more conservative view of the second half. What are your Asian distributors kind of -- what's their behavior? Are they starting to retrench as well and start to be a little bit more concerned with some of the indicators in China, or is it pretty steady-state right now, and everyone's just a little bit more cautious, but order patterns are pretty steady?
Mark S. Thompson: So we've been -- at the start of the year, we finished conversion of building to POS rather than backlog. So that's really what we've been doing is when we're out of the equilibrium, we work for the distributor to fix this equilibrium. But we aren't -- we haven't seen any pull back, for example, and point-of-sale has been steady. So while there are cautionary comments and we are watching this space very carefully, we actually haven't -- it's actually held up very well. But we have -- I think we have a good system in place that we've used on both sides of this to make sure that our total inventory between internal and the channel is appropriate to the true end demand.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then my follow-up would just be on the standard product segment. Anderon [ph] saw some nice growth here in Q2 sequentially. And you said that pricing, overall, was down 2% within just that bucket, standard products? How's the pricing dynamics there? Are they -- was pricing up in Q2, and is it expected to be up again in Q3, just within that line item?
Mark S. Frey: I didn't see anything. We don't focus on this. But I didn't see any pricing dynamics that were different than normal. And I certainly wouldn't expect that category to have any kind of robust pricing. And in our guidance is flat to slightly up for that business.
Operator: At this time we'll go back to a follow-up from Christopher Rolland from Friedman, Billings and Ramsey.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Last quarter, you guys talked about the sensor market and wearables, and I didn't really hear any sort of an update this quarter. So where are we there?
Mark S. Thompson: So nothing new to report. The place, the sensor market for us, as I commented earlier, is commercial reality late this year or early next, and we'll provide some more quantitative update on that, but it is heavily relevant to wearables, as well as to handsets and other kinds of implementation.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Do you guys see this as a 10% revenue adder for you guys or more? What sort of magnitude of a market are we talking about?
Mark S. Thompson: We think it will be very important. If you look at the role of sensing in any mobile device, it's huge. And if you look at the -- particularly, the power consumption -- the existing implementations are so high, you can't really believe -- they're basically just turned on periodically to update. So we think there's $0.50 to $1 of available content for an ultra-low power implementation in kind of every mobile device -- portable device, whether it's a tablet or a phone or a wearable or what have you. So depending on the rate of penetration, obviously, it could be a very big deal.
Operator: Moving on to another follow-up from Chris Caso from Susquehanna.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just one quick clarification. In the last quarter, you talked about profit-sharing accruals being part of the Q2 OpEx. And at that point, you were booking revenue at kind of a $400 million a quarter revenue run rate. In your third quarter guidance, and I guess as you anticipate in the back half of the year, is the plan to suspend those accruals or to reverse those accruals based on the current outlook?
Mark S. Frey: No. We had a modest accrual in Q2; we actually had a modest accrual in Q1 as well. And our plan was since our EBIT would be backloaded in the year, that we would increase those accruals in Q3 and Q4. That is still the plan that is still baked into our guidance. But obviously, it's been shaved down a bit from our early expectations.
Mark S. Thompson: It's driven purely by EBIT. And so as revenue would go down, EBIT would go down and the accrual would go down, but not disappear. At this point, we -- what would be reflected in the numbers is retaining some of it, but not reversing all of it. But obviously, if for example mobile is weaker than we think, it could wind up with a reversal of [indiscernible] with the usual negative spike in OpEx spend for the period that it occurred in. Not our current outlook, though.
Operator: And Mr. Janson, at this time, there are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the conference back over to you.
Dan Janson: Great. Well, thank you. With that, then that will conclude the call. Thank you for your interest in Fairchild.
Operator: And that does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark S. Frey - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Mark S. Thompson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Mike Chu Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Just as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Janson: Good morning, and thank you for dialing in to Fairchild Semiconductor's first quarter 2013 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's Chairman and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we'll be attending the Baird Growth Conference on May 8 in Chicago, the Deutsche Bank Semiconductor 101 Conference in San Francisco on May 9, and the JPMorgan Tech, Media and Telecom Conference in Boston on May 15. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our first quarter financial results and discuss the current status of the second quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at www.fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild's management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find the reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors, including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now, I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark S. Frey: Thanks, Dan. I'm sure most of you had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. We recorded better than seasonal sales growth for the first quarter while reducing internal and distribution inventory by a combined $12 million sequentially. This impacted gross margin in the first quarter, but we expect a recovery in gross margin as sales grow across 2013. Let's review some of the details starting with the income statement. For the first quarter of 2013, Fairchild reported sales of $343 million, up 3% sequentially and 3% lower than the 14-week first quarter of 2012. This is well ahead of normal seasonality of flat to down 2%. Adjusted gross margin was 28%, down 2 points from the prior quarter due primarily to continued reductions in internal inventory and nearly 1 full point of incrementally higher 8-inch wafer fab qualification costs. We expect gross margin to improve significantly with increased factory loading and better product mix as we progress through 2013. R&D and SG&A expenses were $94 million in the first quarter, which was higher than forecast due primarily to increased R&D and selling expense to support sales growth, in addition to the expected increase in payroll-related taxes and equity compensation. Although we are holding headcount flat in second quarter, we are guiding OpEx up at $4 million to $6 million sequentially due to effective higher accruals for variable compensation. These accruals are based on our expectations for strong EBIT growth during the remainder of the year. We believe the current order rate, sell-through and inventory levels support our financial expectations, but rest assured that if this view changes, we can rapidly scale back spending in variable compensation accruals as we have in the past. First quarter adjusted net loss was $2 million and adjusted EPS was a negative $0.02. This adjusted net loss excludes the $12.6 million litigation charge reversal related to the recent favorable court ruling on the First Power Integrations lawsuit. Our adjusted tax expenses was $1.5 million. Now I'd like to review the first quarter sales and gross margin performance for our 2 major product groups. Sales were up 7% from the prior quarter for our PCIA business, driven by a broad-based strength in both high-voltage end markets. Sales into the automotive market were up more than 26% sequentially. The industrial and appliance demand improved significantly during the quarter as well. PCIA gross margin was down 3 points from the prior quarter at 26% due to inventory reductions and about 2 full points of incrementally higher 8-inch startup costs. In our MC Cubes, business, sales were down 2% sequentially, driven primarily by weak computing and consumer demand, which was partially offset by better-than-seasonal mobile demand. Gross margin decreased slightly to 34% due primarily to inventory reductions for computing and consumer-related products. Turning to our balance sheet. We decreased internal inventory by more than $10 million or 4% sequentially to 85 days. This level gives is one of the leanest supply chains in the industry while maintaining our ability to support ongoing sales growth. Days of sales outstanding, or DSOs, increased to 44 days as we took more customers direct. Payables were 40 days, down 5 days from the prior quarter. Free cash flow was a negative $24 million, which was driven by lower net income in payables, as well as higher receivables. We ended the first quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $124 million. Turning now to forward guidance. We expect sales to be in the range of $355 million to $375 million for the second quarter. Our current scheduled backlog is nearly sufficient to achieve the low end of this range. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 30% to 31% due primarily to improved factory utilization and better product mix. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $98 million to $100 million due to the annual merit increase, higher variable compensation expenses and some equity vesting that occurs just in the second quarter of each year. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 15%, plus or minus 3 percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce second quarter results. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark S. Thompson: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We delivered solid sales growth in the first quarter and are guiding for a larger improvement in revenue in the second quarter. There are a number of growth drivers enabling this performance and we will discuss a few today. We are excited to see our efforts to focus on faster growing markets and past investments and new products pay off now in stronger sales growth. I'll wrap up my prepared remarks with a review of some current quarter results and operational metrics. First quarter sales and second quarter guidance are both well ahead of normal seasonality, and we expect to continue this strong momentum through 2013. Looking for robust through the first quarter and so far, through Q2 at about $400 million quarterly rate. These strong order rates are especially evident for our direct OEM business, which is booking at the highest level since 2010. Last year, we grew our Mobile and Automotive business, while our Industrial and Appliance segment was down substantially as the industry worked through a prolonged inventory correction. I'm happy to report that this inventory correction appears to be behind us and the customers are reordering at a brisk pace to keep up with demand. We believe this combination of recovering demand in the Industrial and Appliance segment, coupled with continued growth in Mobile and Automotive could accelerate our sales through 2013. These key end markets now account for 74% of our total sales, the highest level in our history. I want to take a few minutes to discuss some of the great new products and design wins enabling our success in these markets. The Industrial and Appliance sector accounted for 36% of our first quarter sales as customer demand picked up significantly. This was particularly evident for our high-voltage Smart Power Modules or SPM which reported 8% sequential sales growth and even higher order rates. During the last 1.5 years, as the industry worked through the cycle, we've focused on expanding our penetration of discrete prior management products and highly integrated SPMs into a broader base of appliance and industrial customers. We see strong demand from many of these design wins in the first and second quarter and expect this trend to continue through 2013. Our larger customers also increased order rates and are adding capacity -- we are adding capacity for certain package types to keep up with demand. In the solar end markets, we saw improved demand for our highly efficient IGBTs and expect the sector to continue to recover in 2013. We also gained share in the telecom and networking markets as customers push for greater power efficiency in mid- and high-voltage applications. Fairchild is uniquely positioned with a full range of power management products, both integrated and discreet, to support mid- and high-voltage applications. Our Automotive business posted record sales in the first quarter, driven by a 26% sequential increase in shipments of our industry-leading power discrete and module solutions. This business now accounts for 11% of total company sales. Our customers are increasingly interested in adopting the advance powertrain technologies our products enable, as they strive to improve efficiency. We have a great pipeline of new products and design wins that we expect will drive continued strong sales growth. We grew sales of our products into the mobile segment by 8% sequentially in what is typically the weakest quarter of the year for the -- in this market. Mobile sales accounted for 27% of total company revenue in the first quarter. Our strategy to broadly penetrate the mobile sector helped us to grow despite weakness in the leading customer. We gained content in some new high-volume smartphones and tablets, which helped to drive growth in our mobile analogue segment. These new designs incorporated Fairchild's latest voltage regulators, analogue switches, power conversion solutions and MOSFETs. Our growing content in a number of leading Chinese mobile customers through our direct design wins, as well as reference design wins, also contributed to our success. We also benefited from increased demand from a couple of previously dominant customers that launched new models recently. The smartphone and tablet end markets continued to grow at impressive rates and Fairchild is well positioned to capitalize on this trend. We're also excited about the development of a whole range of wearable mobile devices that have the potential to drive the next leg of growth in this segment. Extremely efficient analogue, discrete and sensor solutions are needed to enable a feature set and a battery life acquired to make this product successful. Fairchild is one of the few companies technologically capable of meeting the challenges of this emerging mobile segment. We also recorded strong order rates for our mid-voltage power management solutions, reporting performance computing, data center and telecom applications. While still a small portion of the telecompany revenue, this relatively high-margin business continues to grow steadily. Turning now to Q1 results for our sales channels and other operational performance. Sales into distribution were up 1% sequentially and we further reduced the channel during the first quarter. Sales into the OEM and EMS channels were up about 7% due to stronger mobile and automotive demand, as well as our efforts to bring more customers direct. Factory utilization improved sequentially to the low 80s. The lead times remained short for virtually all our businesses. Overall product price in Q1 was down less than 2% from the prior quarter and we expect similar performance in the second quarter. Finally, we were gratified by recent federal appeals courts ruling our long contested litigation with Power Integrations. The court found that there was no basis for finding Fairchild liable for induced patent infringement and vacated almost all the previous $12.9 million damage awarded against us. The court also, threw out the lower courts findings of willful infringement and reversed some interpretations of the meaning of Power Integrations' patent claim. in each of these respects, the Appeals Court validated positions we have asserted since is the start of this litigation 8 years ago. We're willing to fight and win court battles as necessary, including by successfully defending our own proprietary technologies against infringements by Power Integrations, as we showed last April. However, this recent ruling should serve as a reminder that there are more efficient ways to resolve differences over intellectual properties than spending millions of dollars a year at legal costs. In closing, we're off to a strong start in sales and expect this momentum to continue in the second quarter. If we continue to book at roughly $400 million quarterly rate in the second quarter as we did for all of Q1, then the second half demand sales will increase to these levels to meet customer demand. Over the years, we've increased our focus on faster growing industrial, appliance, automotive and mobile end markets. Fairchild is one of the few companies in the industry with the technological capability for the transition by these markets to significantly more power management -- more efficient power management solutions. After nearly 2 years of inventory corrections, it is especially encouraging to see solid recovery in industrial and appliance demand. While margins were lower than expected in the first quarter, we are confident that this will improve significantly as we progress through the year. We expect higher sales and continued product mix improvement to enable steady progress toward our target business model. Thank you, and I'll turn it back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks, Mark. we'll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to 1 question and 1 follow-up. Thanks, and let's take the first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Chu: This is Mike Chu for Ross. Question is on the $400 million in bookings. I just wonder if you could provide some color on what end markets or perhaps, geographies are driving the growth there that you're you seeing in bookings currently?
Mark S. Thompson: So the booking progress is very broad based. There's essentially all geographies and all markets. There's more granularity, of course, around customers. But we can't really provide that, the details, as it's obviously sensitive and proprietary to our customers. But very broad based, very consistent, very linear. So one other thing I would add to that is, we watch very close, particularly in distribution sales as to whether backlog is actually growing or not because when -- at an inflection in the cycle, when order rate increases and backlog increases, it's one of the markers for speculative buying. One of the reasons why we feel pretty comfortable about the information that we put out in its robustness is that we have not seen growth in backlog in the Distribution business. So it stays steady. So in other words, people are ordering it and it's going right back out the door again. So it's not a speculative order pattern.
Dan Janson: And as we said in the call as well, our direct OEM bookings are the highest level since 2010. So we're seeing very strong demand from OEMs.
Mike Chu: Okay, great, that's helpful. And as my follow-up, just on the expense side, I was wondering if there are any one-time items in your gross margin guide for the second quarter. How should we think about maybe the out quarter beyond that? Should we start to see some leverage coming back into the model? And then on the OpEx side, do we expect that to be growing from here or from the second quarter or is that kind of leveling out from there?
Mark S. Frey: So I'll talk about the gross margin first. Obviously, as we've said, one of the biggest one-time items is the almost 200 basis points in the qualification costs for the 8-inch line in Korea. That'll extend through the second quarter, so it's included in our guide for the second quarter. That will then taper off in the second half of the year as we bring that facility online. Obviously, when you're reducing inventory, then underutilization and inventory charges become the biggest influence on margin. They were certainly the biggest influence in the Q1 margin. And in Q2, there is still inventory costs that are baked into the 30% to 31% guide. So yes, you would see a positive progression after Q2, even simply if we produce at the same level. But if we continue to ramp up our production, then obviously, you'll have more leverage. And in terms of the OpEx, the progression after Q2 would depend on the level of profitability. So there's not much from a spend standpoint built into future expectations. Equity actually trails off a little bit because of this special feature that we have in our plans that fully vests in Q2. But the variable comp, obviously, if we start logging more and more EBIT, then we'll log more and more variable comp and there will be -- but obviously, that's sort of a virtuous cycle.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Terence Whalen with Citigroup.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The first question has to do with the appointment of your COO and President about 7 or 8 months ago. Now that we're a couple of quarters, and I was wondering if perhaps DJ or other management could share what some of the early observations and assessments have been, and also just to help us understand what milestone, DJ specifically, will be helping the company with?
Mark S. Thompson: Sure, Terence, let me -- so the first part of that, we will certainly give some exposure to the investment community to DJ at some appropriate point, in the not-too-distant future. In terms of what he's doing for us, I think we -- I've said and it's still true that it'll take a full year to 1.5 years of his arrival before we start to see sort of some meaningful things that are going to happen. I mean, he's intensely, focused on the product piece of our business, which is from opportunity identification by application, all the way through volume production and he brings a unique strength in sort of every aspect of that. So we've got the big things that are going to be emerging later this year. One of the most interesting one is the absolute best-in-class 6 degree of freedom center target at mobile applications, which will set an entirely new benchmark in terms of power efficiency, for example. So there's a series of things like that, that win, they're ready and they are starting to go to customers, it will be a very appropriate time for us to show what we are doing as opposed to what we don't want to do and show what we're going to be because I think that's a little bit of a hollow exercise. So expect some things out that are specific prior to our departure up to 2013.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And maybe I'll ask, in a couple more quarters -- the calls that I had was to what degree are your customers actually influencing the decisions that you're making about your manufacturing strategy? Specifically, I'm wondering if mobile customers are kind of steering you towards lithography levels that are perhaps below what you would have in-house. I'm trying to understand whether that would mean that you would actually adopt the model over time?
Mark S. Thompson: So absolutely, our customer helped us select our process technologies. We already have many of our new mobile designs that are at nodes below those that we manufacture ourselves and they go through foundry. Increasing the fractions of the build and the designs that we do, particularly in mobile. We will be at nodes that we don't intend to do internally. So inevitably, what that would mean is that as those businesses grow, that we'll have a larger and larger fraction that will be fabless and that's built into our model, that's built into our capital model. And so that, again, we should expect -- that it is happening now and we expect it to accelerate in the second half of the year and into next year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I wonder if you could give some additional color on the handset market. You talked about that running better-than-seasonal in the first quarter. What do you see going into the second quarter for that as well, and whatever color you can provide?
Mark S. Thompson: The picture that we see for our share in mobile is we're very -- feel good about our gains across the year. And so while you can never exactly predict exactly what the various customers will do or -- we have share gains sort of everyplace you'd look. And so we expect each quarter to be better than the previous one with some pretty exciting things particularly happening in Q3 and Q4.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just following up on some of your earlier comments, perhaps you could comment on sort of how the weekly run rates progressed as you went through the quarter, maybe both on orders in terms of bookings, how they progressed into early April. And just following onto that, you had mentioned that if they kind of stay at these levels, we do imply -- infer that you should be sort of in the 400s in terms of revenue run rates in the second year if things stay in the same trajectory.
Mark S. Thompson: That's correct. So in terms of linearity, it has been the most linear year that I've seen in at least 5 years. So -- and part of it is that, again, we worked through -- the industry has worked through, and we, in particular, were quite exposed to some of the industrial and appliance stuff in China, which had a severe inventory build in 2011. And we talked about that in the past. So as that's come off, that's been one piece of it. But we've also done a lot of upgrades to our sequencing system, how we place orders, how we commit to them. And so that's also contributed to linearity. But so far, it's been a very straight line, as I commented, the run rate is roughly $400 million a quarter, we are booking -- we booked just a tick under, it was $395 million total that we booked in the first quarter. We're running a little bit about that so far in the second. We are starting backlog position. In the second quarter, it was about $25 million ahead of our starting backlog position in the first quarter. And as of my last check on yesterday's numbers before the call this morning, it continues on almost perfect straight line.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christopher Rolland with Frederic (sic) [Friedman], Billings and Ramsey.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: As you guys look out over the next quarter here, how do you guys sort of rank order your segments, mobile, auto, appliance, compute, across those?
Mark S. Thompson: Rank order in...
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: In terms of improvement, in terms of, call it, sequentials, however you want to look at it?
Mark S. Thompson: So everything but computing, we have -- we expect; to see to make progress across the year. It's hard in sort of core notebook, which isn't really very important to us anymore in single digits. That one is tough to call, but it's hard to make the case for improvement there. So I think that one is probably sideways to down. With everything else, we expect to show significant revenue growth across the year.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So one is stronger than the rest?
Mark S. Thompson: In dollar terms? Probably industrial/appliance with SPM and mobile would be the 2 that we expect to see the biggest dollar gains in.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. Also, you guys mentioned your wearable mobile devices. Is that coming from a number of different OEMs, or is it perhaps one key innovator or just a few, and maybe you can talk about what sort of solutions you guys are providing there and more details would be helpful.
Mark S. Thompson: So it's still in a very early stage, and that there really aren't any dominant solutions yet, but there's a lot of work going on in wearables in several categories. Some of the most interesting ones are health monitoring and sort of availability of display and interface for your phone, which you don't have to walk around looking like you're holding a gun. And so those are the 2 most interesting ones and there's at least half-dozen different implementations that are going on. And so I think it's very much in an experimental mode right now and it will be another leg of -- I think the way things have progressed in mobile, which is a lot of interesting ideas that float out into the market and then some things will turn out to really catch and then those will become the next wave. So we're still in the very early phase of that. The biggest issue for those is all about power management and efficiency and particularly in sensing. If you look at the sensor elements that are in today's phones, they're actually switched off most of the times because they're so power-hungry, we really can't use them. And so what that really does is it makes them a lot less useful than they can be, especially for things like health and activity monitoring and gesture and some of the things that look like they will be really important. So driving, motion, Gyro, position, down in order of magnitude of power, opens up a whole set of really, really interesting things that could happen. And that's what we're targeting our sensor activities. As I commented, we expect we'll see the commercial light of day towards the end of this year. So this will be a real premium on space efficiency, timeliness, energy efficiency, battery life and as I said, advanced sensing. So all have to coalesce in a really unique way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: You mentioned on the call that you haven't seen any backlog sales yet at distributors. When do you think that happens and is there any reasons why you think backlog hasn't built yet, are they -- is your sense that there's been a cautious view in terms of demand, any color you could provide on that?
Mark S. Thompson: Yes. So I think it is likely the case that there's still some residual caution that's built into their, at least the order rates we see, and that'll be a close watch point. What's interesting is, typically, it's fairly early in the replenishment cycle that you see backlogs start to climb. And we have not seen that. In fact, backlog is still slightly trending down in the distribution space. So, but clearly, that will be a watch point and one of the things that we'll keep an eye on for signaling when it's not going to go up anymore and that we should plan accordingly.
Mark S. Frey: And Tristan, lead times are still pretty restrained. So they haven't expanded yet. So I don't think there's much nervousness on the part of distributors for getting backlog on the books.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Sure. And I think you had mentioned last quarter that distributor inventories were below 10 weeks. The first question is, are we, I guess, below 9 weeks now, are we seeing at about the same level as last quarter? And secondly, how much of that reduction of internal inventories, which impacted your margin in the quarter was expected a quarter ago?
Mark S. Frey: In terms of the external inventory, it's down modestly in dollars and that translates to about the same days of inventory, which is -- and it's a number of days we're very comfortable with. It's slightly higher than the lows we hit in 2010. But it's a good bit lower than generally what we operated with over the last several years. In terms of the internal inventory, as we said, that was $10 million. And I would say, about 1/2 of that was not necessarily anticipated when we gave our original guidance, which accounts for the fact that we did report margins a bit lower than the guidance range. We're at 85 days there, so -- and we're certainly, by standards of our peers, we're probably one of the leanest guys in the industry now. And if we achieved just midpoint of Q2 guidance, that will be 80 days. So essentially, that would be an internal record.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So assuming that we continue on the sort of $400 million of bookings rate and we're looking into the second half year here, what do you think your utilization rates would look like, and then, when do we need to start worrying about adding capacity or how do you think that the channel is set up for that, assuming the business conditions stay fairly benign?
Dan Janson: So our utilization rate coming out of Q1 was in the low 80s. So obviously, we'd expect to increase factory loadings going from here, but from the low 80s, we put quite a bit of headroom. As we talked about in the prepared remarks, there are a couple of package types that we are having to add capacity on right now, especially around some of the smart power modules. And as we've said, that business is rebounding quite strongly right now. So there will be some selected areas where we'll likely have to add some capacity, Chris, but for the most part, we've got plenty of room to expand our sales.
Mark S. Thompson: Two things that I think, to embellish what Dan said, is that, one is that the BK 8 -- if you go back to my comment on where the biggest revenue growth could be, which was in mobile and the SPM high-power stage, both of those are actively accommodated in the way we're building our supply chain. So as I commented earlier, we're outsourced on most of the growth platforms in mobile. So that will increase our build at foundry, but we're not capitalizing that period. And that's true for the front-end production, as well as the chip scale side of that. If you look at the high-power piece of that, BK 8, which is our big 8-inch conversion in Korea, which has a lot of capacity associated with it, is in square at that market. So both of those are fully aligned in the plans that we've put out and the capital estimates that we've put out. So to Dan's point is that we can support numbers well into the $400 million without really changing any amount of capitalization versus what our current run rates and testaments are.
Mark S. Frey: And just to be clear, the 80% Dan talked about, doesn't include the capacity in the 8-inch in Korea because it has not come online yet. So it somewhat understates the leverage we have available to us going forward.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And as my follow-up, as I'm just looking through my notes, I think that it's now been 5 out of 6 quarters, when you guys have missed your gross margin guidance, and it's for a variety of reasons. So I mean, have you guys been able to sort of pinpoint what's going on there, any way you can give us confidence that you're going to be able to start hitting your gross margin milestones and get some leverage?
Mark S. Frey: Well, we have a lot of confidence in the projections we're giving. I think if you would pick one thing, I would say that this kind of double downturn in a row has been a challenge for us and we have typically started quarters with a bit more expectation and we're primed to not let inventory become a problem. So if we see a problem, we're going to attack the inventory and that has impact on our margins.
Mark S. Thompson: So I think that generalization would be, as Mark said, is there's been an unusually protracted inventory correction not just for us, but for the industry. It's a lot harder to be right in a down cycle. It's a lot easier to be right in an up cycle.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aashish Rao with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A question on the consumer end market. I think you noted that you expect this business to grow in 2013. When I look at our model, sales fell about 30% last year and then you were, beginning the year in the first half down about 10%. And so if you expect this to grow, that would imply a very robust second half. I mean I think it's like 20% to 25% grow. I mean, are there any specific products or customers that could cause this Consumer business to rebound sharply?
Mark S. Thompson: So the consumer for us at this point is pretty heavily concentrated in advanced display. And so we wouldn't expect that to get a lot stronger this year, but it's also a relatively small part of the mix.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then any -- following up on Chris's question earlier, I mean, the capacity you've had is close to $450 million or so. And now with the 6- to 8- inch conversion essentially ending, what kind of capacity do you think you will have exiting this year?
Mark S. Thompson: So it's -- foundry is always -- I mean, it's not unbounded, but it's what you're willing to pay for. So is your question looking at the internal capacity?
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. Just trying to calculate, because I think in the prepared remarks or one of the earlier questions, somebody mentioned that there could be underutilization charges depending on how much you're able to load these converted fabs. So just trying to gauge what kind of leverage you're going to see on incremental gross margin front exiting the year?
Dan Janson: So Mark and I can take a stab at that one. So the way you need to think about this, Aashish, is usually that looking forward, we've got the 8-inch line coming up in Korea. What we've told you guys is that the costs associated with running that fab won't be any higher than what we're already absorbing in our P&L. And so Mark said a minute ago, we would expect that we would start getting some of that charge, some of those expenses to come off the P&L and become a tailwind to us in the second half. So it isn't going to get any worse, basically, from here. As far as what our revenue generation capability will be, it will be something north of $450 million. Now depending on how strong the market is, as Mark Thompson was saying earlier, that capacity coming online is pointed squarely at the high-voltage and mid-voltage market, which the bookings demand is quite strong for right now. So if we can roll that factory up, that new line up, then we have the ability to generate revenue well in excess of $450 million. And if we find that business is quite a bit slower, we've got a 5-inch line in Korea and that will be one of the things that we would eventually do is to start minimizing our 5-inch loads and running them at 8-inch and we'd get a cost advantage by doing that. So we've got a couple of different ways that we can run that going forward. But it isn't going to be any worse from a P&L perspective going forward. It can only get better.
Mark S. Thompson: I'll try to quantify a little bit. On the current trajectory, we're shipping north of -- shipping/building north of $400 million a quarter. We would expect, in the second half, to be back in solidly in mid-30s in gross.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about OpEx in more detail. I know you addressed it a little bit earlier, but it seems like the R&D spending is up quite a bit -- I mean, you're looking at about $43 million in June, even if I go back to when you had somewhat higher revenue like $433 million, you were below that. Since some of that's equity, you mentioned it's going to come off. But should we be thinking that you're sort of got a higher R&D level now given some of these new products you're working on. Because it looks to be 1 or 2 points higher than it has been in the past, or should that sort of work its way back down, say, as we get into September and December?
Mark S. Frey: Steve, that's exactly right. We do have a little more because of the equity comp. The growth is deliberate and it's invested in our sensor technology development, our silicon carbide technology development. And if you really go back in time, since Mark joined the company, we've roughly doubled our R&D investment as a percentage of revenue. It's been difficult because the cycle has been prolonged, but we have made choices to maintain those investments. And, at the same time, we've been lowering our SG&A.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. So should I think R&D sort of 11-ish percent, 12% going forward?
Mark S. Frey: I think 11.5% is our model. Now it depends on which product lines are growing because each product line has a different appropriate R&D level. But if you weight our product lines right now, 11.5% is about what I come up with.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then you talked about new direct-to-OEM model, you're increasing that. Can you talk about some more implications to P&L and other aspects that you mentioned a little bit on the balance sheets for impacts? But does this change the overall revenue recognition profile also?
Mark S. Thompson: Well, I mean, inevitably, it will shift the revenue rec profile because revenue rec for direct business is pretty -- is simple in a sense that it goes out and then you never have to catch up, with the like you sometimes do with channel inventory. So we certainly will continue to do a portion of our business through distribution. We are actively shifting that, however, especially for some key mobile accounts and places like that where we simply can provide better service levels. And so it's really a supply chain model rather than trying to drive a shift in P&L. It has a transient effect on cash generation, but in the end, the cash generation should be the same. So it'll have a little bit of lumpiness as we make the conversion, but on the other side of it, it shouldn't look different than you're used to.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then just last one, so you talked about a lot of strengths in the high-voltage businesses. That's great to see that happening again. I see there's big seasonal lift that you guys get some of those air conditioners going into China. But it sounds like orders are continuing to be very strong. What is it that -- I guess I would've thought it would slow down a little bit after that seasonal uplift. So what's happening there that's allowing those orders there to stay healthy?
Mark S. Thompson: So there's a couple of things. There's a number of new designs that are occurring. But the other thing to remember is that the penetration rate of brushless DC motor in general and most parts of appliances, it's still a small minority of what people are building. So I just finished the survey of some, I'm assuming through Asia, some of our big appliance customers there, and they are all aggressively pursuing increasing share of brushless DC applications in their appliances. So it's continued share gain and none of the major players are north of 50%, 20%, 30%, for a lot of these applications is where the current penetration rate is. So there's tremendous amount left to convert. So it's not something in the context of the end market, which to your point can tend to be front half loaded, but that could be swamped by a couple of key platforms that convert across the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: There's a trend in the market of very low cost tablets and smartphones. Is this a trend that's helping Fairchild? And then my second question is how is it benefiting you, and is there any concern that this price pressure continues with these product of the low-end suppliers start to be competitors to you?
Mark S. Thompson: So it's the case that the -- what I'll call the attractive content that exists in a tablet is higher for us than it is actually in a standard notebook computer in large part because it's been highly standardized and highly commoditized in the notebook. But the fact that it's much smaller and typically lighter actually drives more demand on efficiency, and there's the tremendous focus on, for example, charge time right now, which creates a lot of very interesting content all the way from the innovations of the adapter, all the way through the battery management side of it. So the fact that they're so small and thin creates a lot more demand for much higher spec power management capabilities along that whole charge path. And so that's, from our viewpoint, the way we look at that. It's -- inevitably, if designs become static and standard, then there will be the trends on commoditization. So far, as far as the eye can see, there's tremendous pressure on increasing battery sizes and decreasing charge times, all of which actively work against both of those trends. So we see it continuing to be a very attractive space and one that we've got some of the best technology offerings in the world.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And it's still your innovations that are helping the OEM bring their costs down to these sub-200 dollar price points?
Mark S. Thompson: Yes.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just one other questions about the bookings, with your lead times, are you getting orders outside your lead times, or are they just booking right through your lead times?
Mark S. Thompson: No. That -- we're not, and I think that's partly contained in the comment that backlog is not going up right. So typically, when the backlog is fine, people are booking well beyond lead times. So people are booking to lead times and then taking the order. So they're not speculative. So far, a very healthy dynamic.
Operator: The next question comes from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: I just want to clarify from you, finally, just on the incremental 8-inch fab cost. From my perspective at least, it sounds like maybe you had an extra 100 basis points earlier than expected this quarter, but there's no change to the subsequent quarters. You need to still probably expect, at least in the back half of the year, is those initial costs fall off some incremental start-up costs to be there, but nothing kind of out of the ordinary, in aggregate now, from the kind of last quarter?
Mark S. Frey: I'm not sure of the question, but first of all, let me say that the amount we spent on the qualification is about consistent with what we originally guided. Going forward, the qualification costs consist of essentially supplies and masks, plus engineers. And they all get expensed. When you turn the line on, the engineer is obviously are continuing expense, that you get good products out the back end of the line and therefore, you get leverage on the income statements. The mask section and the supplies that really go in the qualification process out of which you don't get good products, obviously, that goes away. So that changes sort of the profile of the financial impact once you go from qualification stage to ramp up. Now, clearly, when you are in the very early stages of ramp up, you get inefficient yields, you get other growing pains. But we would expect that within 6 months, it'd be pretty much in our groove on that line. Is that what you were asking?
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, yes, in a poorly worded fashion. And I guess 3 clarifications. I'm -- some kind of a little bit late. Did you say exactly how much channel inventory, distribution inventory declined sequentially?
Mark S. Frey: We said a modest dollar amount, which lessens the days of inventory about the same.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: , Okay. And then 2, other pieces. There was one -- I missed the update for your CapEx target the year. And then also just on the P&L, I noticed other income jumped up for the quarter quite substantially, I guess. What was the driver behind that?
Mark S. Frey: Yes, for the other expense, it was a $3 million equity investment that we impaired and that's in our GAAP statement. We adjusted that out for our adjusted statement. And what's your first question on -- I'm sorry?
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: CapEx for the year.
Mark S. Frey: CapEx. $100 million plus or minus $10 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I understand the lead time environment is still relatively benign, pricing is still benign. But specific to the commodity part of the business, which I know is a smaller part of the portfolio, have you seen any lead time movements in that part and any improved pricing dynamics in those types of product lines, D-PAK or rectifiers, anything like that?
Dan Janson: Lead times have been pretty stable because we're still -- we still have plenty of capacity. And pricing has been pretty consistent for, gosh, quite a while now, Mike. I mean we were between down 1% to 2% this quarter, it's almost identical in the last quarter, and that's how we're setting that for next quarter as well. So you're not really seeing anything unusual in the pricing either.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And that's kind of what's keeping the DCs not really building much backlog right now or willing to build much inventory just because they don't frankly need to because the lead times haven't really moved out.
Dan Janson: It seems that way, yes.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Sorry to beat a dead horse with the gross margin, but, as I out to Q3, I think you talked about a total of 200 basis points coming back from the 8-inch transition. I know you said not all at once, so should we think of that maybe in 150 basis points in Q3, then maybe you get some utilization pick up and is in a better product mix of -- should we be thinking to have at least a couple of hundred basis points in September. I guess there's 2 questions there, should it be at least a couple of 100 basis points and then the other part of the question is, of the 200 that you get back from 8-inch quals going away, can you get the bulk of that right away or is that more evenly spread?
Mark S. Frey: Well, it spreads with the load on the 8-inch line. But I think Mark said earlier, kind of slashing through all this, we'll have positive product mix, we'll have positive utilization, we'll have the impact of turning the line on. And with revenue in let's say with the $400 million on it, that translates to about the mid-30s. Obviously, there's additional leverage after the Q2 guidance.
Dan Janson: And that still has us underutilized, frankly. So we still have room to grow and certainly, in the second half, we turn on the 8-inch line in Korea. We've got plenty of headroom there.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just another follow-up on -- so actually it's direct to OEM. Is that happening just because you're doing more and more handset/tablet type business, or is that sort of a deliberate decision that, hey, we prefer to do direct because we get better control of the supply chain or something like that?
Mark S. Thompson: It's both. If we look at -- for example, some of the really big handset players, they really want their strategic suppliers to have more control over their supply chains. And so there's that piece and that's probably the biggest piece of it as a kind of delayering of how that works. And again, it, as I said, tried to say earlier, it's not that there isn't a role for distribution, but it's a much more specific role that we're using increasingly. So aiming specifically at that particular a logistics service or something like that. So more menu-based approach to how we manage distribution.
Dan Janson: Okay. We have time for one more question, please. Are we all set, operator?
Operator: We have no further questions.
Dan Janson: Okay. Well, wonderful. Thank you again for all your interest in Fairchild.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sloan Boss Bernard Gutmann - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Keith D. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC
Analysts: Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Shaon Baqui - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth quarter and 2012 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Sloan Boss, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Sloan Boss: Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's Fourth Quarter and 2012 Annual Results Conference Call. I am joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Bernard Gutmann, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com, and a replay will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the fourth quarter and year ended 2012. The script for today’s call is posted on our website. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted separately on our website in the investor relations section. In the upcoming quarter, we will be attending the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media & Telecom Conference on February 26, the Susquehanna Semiconductor Summit on March 5 and the Wedbush 2013 Technology, Media & Telecommunications Conference on March 6. In addition, we will be hosting our Analyst Day in Scottsdale, Arizona on Friday, February 15. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, expect, plan, should or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors relating to our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the fourth quarter and year ended 2012. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors. Now let me turn it over to Bernard Gutmann, who will provide an overview of the fourth quarter and 2012 annual results. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thanks, Sloan, and thanks to everyone joining us today. In our last earnings call, I laid out 3 major areas that I would be focusing on as the new CFO in order to drive stronger performance and earnings accretion. I would like to take a few moments to provide an update on the progress we have made to this point. The first focus was reducing the revenue breakeven level for SANYO Semiconductor from $230 million per quarter to $200 million per quarter. We have made great strides in the integration and harmonization of our semiconductors -- of our SANYO Semiconductor's IT infrastructure and systems. In the fourth quarter, we completed the integration of ON Semiconductor inventory tracking for SANYO Semiconductor back-end facilities. We expect to continue this process with the rest of the organization over the next 2 quarters. Once completed, it should allow us to more accurately assess the inventory at SANYO Semiconductor. This progress will continue in the coming quarters and should create a more efficient supply chain and manufacturing process with better inventory management and more accurate forecasting. In addition to the inventory tracking system, we also completed the consolidation of SANYO Semiconductor's non-Japan sales offices into existing ON Semiconductor sales offices. Furthermore, we took actions to reduce payroll-related expenses with the elimination of certain bonuses and fringe benefits, and we implemented headcounts reductions that will continue over the next 3 quarters. We are expecting restructuring charges of approximately $40 million to $50 million due to these actions. Finally, with the actions already completed and those in process over the next 2 to 3 quarters, we now believe we can achieve a breakeven level of $190 million per quarter for SANYO Semiconductor. This breakeven level does not account for the impact of the recent yen devaluation. The second area of focus was to optimize the legacy ON Semiconductor business. In the fourth quarter, we completed the change from 3 business units to 2. The legacy ON Semiconductor business is now made up of the Standard Product Group and an Application Product Group. Progress is already being made as we focus our R&D efforts on new product and technology offerings with stronger margins. Benefits from these efforts are evident, as we exited 2012 with significant design win activity and expect to continue that trend into 2013. The third area of focus was to return capital back to shareholders. We have continued with our share repurchase program and purchased approximately 4.7 million shares in the fourth quarter. This brings the total numbers of shares repurchased to approximately 8.8 million since the inception of the program in the third quarter of 2012. In conjunction with our share repurchase program, we are also working towards the goal of becoming net debt neutral. In the fourth quarter, we redeemed approximately $21.6 million or 23% of our 1.875% convertible notes. Subsequent to the end of the fourth quarter, we settled the conversion of the outstanding 1.875% notes by delivering approximately $77.5 million in cash to holders of these notes. As we continue to generate strong cash flow and move towards a net debt neutral position, we will review the possibility of utilizing additional methods to return capital to our shareholders. Now for an update of our fourth quarter 2012 results. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the fourth quarter of 2012 were approximately $680.2 million, a decrease of approximately 6% from the third quarter of 2012. During the fourth quarter of 2012, the company reported a GAAP net loss of $138.2 million or $0.31 per share. The fourth quarter 2012 GAAP net loss was impacted by $175 million or $0.39 per share of special items, including $150.4 million of estimated noncash asset impairment charges, which are largely attributed to the SANYO Semiconductor Products Group. The remaining noncash charges and special items detailed can be found in the schedules included in our earnings press release. We will report our final results for the fourth quarter and full year upon completion of the impairment analysis and the filing of our Form 10-K with the SEC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. GAAP gross margin in the fourth quarter was 30.9%. Non-GAAP gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2012 was 31%. Fourth quarter 2012 non-GAAP net income was $37 million or $0.08 per diluted share. We exited the fourth quarter with cash, cash equivalent and short-term investments of approximately $631.7 million. At the end of the fourth quarter, total days sales outstanding were approximately 48 days, down approximately 4 days compared with the third quarter of 2012. ON Semiconductor's internal inventories were approximately 113 days, down approximately 8 days compared with the third quarter of 2012. Included in our total inventory is approximately $56 million or approximately 11 days of bridge inventory primarily related to the consolidation of certain factories. Distribution inventories were down approximately 6% on a dollar basis and were approximately 10 weeks exiting the fourth quarter. Cash capital expenditure for the fourth quarter of 2012 were approximately $58 million, bringing the total 2012 capital expenditure to approximately $256 million. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith?
Keith D. Jackson: Thanks, Bernard. Now for an overview of our end markets. During the fourth quarter of 2012, our end market splits were as follows: the automotive end market represented approximately 26% of sales; the consumer electronics end market represented approximately 22% of sales; the computing end market represented approximately 19% of sales; the industrial, military, aerospace and medical end markets represented approximately 18% of sales; and the communications end market, which includes wireless and networking, represented approximately 15% of sales. On a direct billing basis, no individual ON Semiconductor product OEM customer represented more than 5% of fourth quarter sales. Our top 5 product OEM customers during the fourth quarter were Continental Automotive Systems, Delta, Hella, Panasonic and Samsung. On a geographic basis, our contribution from sales in Asia, excluding Japan, represented approximately 58% of revenue; our sales in the Americas represented approximately 16% of revenue; sales in Japan represented approximately 13% of revenue; and sales in Europe represented approximately 13% of revenue during the quarter. Looking across the channels, direct sales to OEM represented approximately 56% of fourth quarter 2012 revenue; sales through the distribution channel were approximately 37% of fourth quarter revenue; and the EMS channel represented approximately 7% of revenue. During the fourth quarter, ON Semiconductor revenues broken out by our new product groups were as follows: the Standard Products Group represented approximately 39% of sales; the Applications Product Group represented approximately 36% of sales; and the SANYO Semiconductor Products Group represented approximately 25% of sales. We will publish our yearly revenue gross profit and operating income breakout of these segments in our Form 10-K. Now I'd like to provide you with some details of other progress we have made. During 2012, we successfully increased design wins at focus customers in automotive and smartphone applications, accelerated new product sales and completed the planned closures of our 3 factories in Japan. All 2012 milestones to integrate our SANYO Semiconductor's Product Group were completed on time, and we are aggressively managing the remaining integration milestones for completion by the end of 2013. Our communications end market revenue for the fourth quarter was up approximately 3% quarter-on-quarter, while annual revenues were down by approximately 19% year-on-year with 2012 annual sales of $394.8 million. We continue to see increased design traction in this market for our industry-leading optical imaging, analog power management, protection and MOSFET solutions into several top-selling smartphone models. Production ramps by smartphone manufacturers also drove demand for our RF tuning and autofocus drivers. The adoption of our industry-leading common mode filter was part of an overall increase of our Standard Products content for smartphones, including many of our ESD protection, logic and MOSFET products, as well as our latest small signal Schottky diodes in a desirable ultra-small SOD-923 packaging. Significant communication design wins during the fourth quarter included the adoption of our RF tuning, ESD and EMI protection, signal integrity, analog, logic and power solutions at key smartphone customers. Our DC-DC power management devices for smartphones have been adopted in reference design by market-leading baseband chipset suppliers, which are expected to be used by more than 20 OEMs worldwide and ramp in the first part of 2013. Additionally, our audio amplifier solution for smartphones was designed in by a leading smartphone customer in the Asia Pacific region. Looking across our markets, we expect the handset segment to be the highest growth force on a percentage basis for the company in 2013, followed by automotive. Within this end market, we anticipate key growth drivers to include high resolution cameras, RF tuning, analog power, battery protection, ESD protection, EMI filters and backlighting solutions for high resolution, low-power displays. In the automotive end market, sales were down slightly from the third quarter and down approximately 2% year-on-year with annual sales of $752 million. This end market was negatively impacted by the declining vehicle sales in Europe and an inventory correction as the global vehicle demand slowed in the second half of the year. Additionally, the trade dispute between China and Japan negatively affected the sale of Japanese vehicles in China, which in turn reduced demand for SANYO Semiconductor's automotive solutions. An increase in the current automotive backlog indicates that first quarter sales in this segment should exceed the fourth quarter. Automotive design wins in the fourth quarter continue to sustain our leading positions in powertrain, body, infotainment, power supplies and in-vehicle networking. We had a significant fourth quarter design win in powertrain with an oxygen sensor interface ASIC at a key Tier 1 customer. Additionally, a top automotive customer awarded us the development for their next-generation advanced park assist system. With production ramps of new model year vehicles, strong demand continued for our LED driver solutions and for advanced front lighting systems, rear combination lamps and in-ceiling lighting. The fourth quarter also saw continued demand for our standard products with ongoing MOSFET revenue growth within various new braking applications. We remain well positioned, with a broad portfolio of automotive solutions to address the continued growth of overall electronic in-vehicle content. Fuel economy, safety and convenience features are expected to drive high single-digit semiconductor market growth on the low single-digit vehicle production growth. Key growth drivers in 2013 for ON Semiconductor's automotive segment will include start-stop alternator applications, LED lighting solutions throughout the vehicle, door modules, park assist and pump and fan system solutions. Our computing end market was down approximately 7% sequentially from the third quarter of 2012 and down approximately 16% year-on-year, with 2012 annual sales of $541.8 million. For 2012, we retained our leading positions in CPU and graphics, voltage regulation and power adapters. Our VCore business for desktops performed in line with the market for 2012. We gained market share in Ivy Bridge notebook platforms. Our MOSFET computing market share was up both sequentially in the fourth quarter and year-on-year, with our new SO-8 Flat Lead MOSFETs being broadly adopted for desktops and notebooks. Unit growth within our MOSFET business was, however, offset by higher than normal ASP erosion. SANYO Semiconductor's computing sales were down significantly as a result of business impacted by the Thailand flood and a decline in HDD and PC unit sales. During the fourth quarter, demand continued for our broad range of products at key customers including our AC-DC controllers, MOSFETs, bus switches and ESD protection devices for high-speed bus interfaces such as USB 3.0, Thunderbolt and HDMI. We secured significant wins with a leading North American computing customer for Windows 8 tablets. Success with our thermal products and switching battery charger for Android-based tablets was another achievement for the quarter. We expanded our position in DDR memory power and ESD protection and began shipping our new Trench 6 MOSFETs for computing. Looking forward, we anticipate growth drivers for ON Semiconductor to include the launch of the Haswell-based Ultrabooks and convertibles at volume prices; adoption of Windows 8 with touch support; increased power density and efficiency requirements throughout the portable computing; and continued adoption of high-speed USB, Thunderbolt and HDMI interfaces. We were honored with several awards during the latter part of 2012, including Best Practices Supplier and Best Business Partner Asia from Flextronics Corporation; Supplier Quality Excellence Award from General Motors; a contract supplier award from VTEC; and a Leading Supplier Award from Midea's Air Conditioning Sector Group. Also to note was the Technology and Engineering Emmy awarded to our customer, ARRI, a manufacturer of professional motion picture equipment. ON Semiconductor joined ARRI on stage when they accepted the Emmy from the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences for improvements in large format CMOS image sensors used in capturing high definition. We are honored to be named as one of ARRI's key product and development partners in the project. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Bernard for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Gutmann: Thanks, Keith. First quarter 2013 outlook. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $645 million to $685 million in the first quarter of 2013. Backlog levels for the first quarter of 2013 represented approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated first quarter 2013 revenues. We expect average selling prices in the first quarter of 2013 will be down approximately 2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 and expect inventory at distributors to remain flattish on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $45 million to $55 million in the first quarter of 2013 and total capital expenditures of approximately $160 million to $170 million for 2013. For the first quarter of 2013, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 30.5% to 32.5%. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $212 million to $222 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $55 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $157 million to $167 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses would be approximately $13 million for the first quarter of 2013, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $3 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million. GAAP and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $2 million to $4 million. We also expect stock-based compensation of approximately $6 million to $8 million in the first quarter of 2013, of which approximately $1 million is expected to be in the cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our current diluted share count is approximately 450 million shares on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And Tiffany, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: As you look forward to the balance of the year, can you help us understand some of the gross margin drivers and where you think gross margins can recover and at what revenue levels?
Keith D. Jackson: I'll start a little bit with some of the drivers and let Bernard finish with some of the numbers. Our mix should be improving as we go through the year. I mentioned earlier that our highest-growth markets will be automotive and our wireless solutions, both of which have higher than corporate average margins, so we should get an improvement in mix. Secondly, we are expecting, based on current order trends, to be running our factories at higher utilization rates, also a very significant driver of margins. And of course, just the fall-through on the additional revenues. Those should all be very positive for the gross margins. And also, I guess, the last thing would be our yen depreciation, which helps us with our Japan-based costs.
Bernard Gutmann: Also, one point to add to that is the fact that we are continuing to reduce costs in Japan, which should also drive improved gross margins. As we have said in the past, the fall-through on incremental revenue is approximately 50% for the ON legacy business and slightly higher for the SANYO business, approximately 60%. So those will be the big drivers for margin improvement.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Great. And then, when does that yen improvement kick in? But really, that was -- my next question is just on the wireless stuff. How long have you guys been working on the wireless products? How big is it now? And what kind of growth could we see in 2013?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. The wireless side, we've been working for some time, and the real significant developments in 2012 is expanding our SAM through products that we did not previously have, specifically in the camera systems and in the RF tunings portions of the circuits. The balance of our portfolio there improved with new products, but they are in relatively the same category. So the big change, new products in those 2 areas, each of which give us substantial more opportunity for phone. We think the opportunities that we had in early 2012 for sales into a given smartphone were a little over $3, and now, that number is approaching $6. And so that's a very significant opportunity for us. We're not going to be forecasting the year, but we do expect those segments to be the fastest growth for the company, and we do expect to be outgrowing those markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Shaon Baqui - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Shaon Baqui calling in for Chris. I just wanted some color real quick on the SANYO business. I think you guided the breakeven point down about $10 million. Could you give a little bit of color on that, please?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So what we have -- we have actively been working on reducing expenses in that area, primarily driven by payroll and payroll-related expenses. And we believe that we have now confidence that we can achieve a breakeven point that's about $10 million lower than what we have originally anticipated.
Shaon Baqui - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the computing end market, can you talk a little bit about your dollar content with the Haswell platform relative to the Ivy Bridge?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. The opportunity there is approaching $12 per notebook computer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Keith, I was wondering if you can maybe address the bookings trends you saw in Q4, the linearity of the quarter, what you've seen so far in the first quarter? And then maybe discuss any signs of increased backlog that's longer dated, maybe into the months of March and April so far.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. We started seeing an uptick in our bookings rates in October, as we reported on our last call. And specifically, a lot of the orders were filling in into a quarter plus 1, which meant already into the second quarter back in Q4. Those trends continue. We have very strong bookings trends for the next quarter and even now into the third quarter. Our book-to-bill is greater than 1 here for this quarter so far. And again, I guess everything is pointing towards increasing from a low point here in Q1.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then maybe you can discuss what you're seeing in terms of ASP trends. I know that 2% per quarter is what you're forecasting for the next quarter. That seems to be pretty consistent with some significant pricing pressure you've seen over the past few quarters. Do you see any clear signs of that abating yet, or is it kind of too soon to see that, given where competitors are in terms of relatively low utilization?
Keith D. Jackson: Again, I would say it has become more benign than it was in Q3, and I expect that will continue. Our first quarter includes all of the annual customers that do annual price negotiations, which tend to make Q1 the toughest quarter each year. Those are in place, and those are inside of our 2% guidance. So really, it's nothing extraordinary. And like I said, if anything, it's become a little less pressure on us than in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Keith, 1 year ago, you were talking about business improving. If I recall right, you thought the third quarter was the time when we'd see a better-than-seasonal snapback after a number of less-than-seasonal quarters. If we fast forward 1 year, a lot of things seem very similar to 1 year ago. Can you just talk about how you view this year's start as being either similar or different, and what we should expect from that snapback quarter potential?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I obviously ask myself that, too. The question that we had is, really, last year, if you go back to it, we were anticipating those improvements based on comments from our customers. We actually had not had the order patterns that indicated they were happening. In other words, we didn't have those Q3 fill rates coming in early, et cetera. So this year, the biggest difference is we are getting long bookings onto our system, which is different than the year before, and of course, a quite strong book-to-bill at this point. So the net of those 2 things, I guess the difference is now, we're actually seeing the orders; last year, we were told to expect the orders.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. And then I guess as my follow-up, one for Bernard on the FX rate, specifically with the yen, of course. It doesn't look like we're seeing quite a fall-through in the first quarter guidance than I had expected. Can you just talk about when that appreciation -- or depreciation of the yen is going to work its way through your income statement and remind us the magnitude of how that fell through, please?
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So what we communicated in the past few occasions is that for each yen that the yen moves, it's about an $800,000 per quarter improvement on our EBIT. That is based on the current, or what we'd say Q3, Q4, cost structure. As we lean out our cost in Japan, that amount will be decreasing slightly to probably $600,000 to $700,000. In the first quarter, we should see some benefit, and that's because of the average exchange rate for the quarter will be blended by month in our system. So we should already see some benefits. And then, we should see an increased benefit in the second quarter, assuming that the rate continues being at the level it is today.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the benefit will be larger in 2Q than 1Q, assuming that it stays the same?
Bernard Gutmann: I think it will be, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I wonder if you could go through, perhaps by market segment, what you're expecting for Q1 in order to get to your guidance.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. We're expecting a very slight increase in our automotive segment. We're expecting flat to slightly up in our communications segment. And then the rest of the segment should be slightly down.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, with regard to the SANYO cost reductions that you guys are implementing now, can you just talk a little bit about the timing of those and when we should expect to start seeing a greater impact on the margin line? And then on that, with regard to the revenue improvement that you guys have hoped for SANYO, some more color about where you hope that those improvements are likely to come from?
Bernard Gutmann: Okay. So let me address the cost side of it. The cost reductions are -- some of them, the fringe benefits have already been implemented starting in Q1, so those will be starting right now and will be the same throughout the rest of the year. The headcount reductions will be over the next 3 quarters, with a bigger effect starting in Q2.
Keith D. Jackson: And on the revenue side, we are already seeing now that the over-inventory situation on white goods in China is improving. Our order patterns for our power modules have improved, and so were seeing that as, again, evidence of increases. And also, in the handset arena, the new design wins we have are ramping with backlog now as well. So those 2 should be the first to move. And then the balance will come, particularly on the consumer side, as the devalued yen makes their customers a little more competitive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Part of the strategy for acquiring SANYO was to sell more product -- more ON product into Japan. With the weakening yen, is this slowing that strategy? Or can you just give us an update on how that strategy is, and also the strategy for selling SANYO products with ON products in Asia and -- or we'll just say, outside Japan?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, obviously, the yen change will impact revenues and growth rates in those programs that you just mentioned. Right now, we have more momentum with the SANYO products outside of Japan in our key ON customers, but we also have a very strong design win base inside of Japan for the ON products. So both of them are continuing. Clearly, the slowing economy in Japan has dampened the growth we expected inside of Japan, but outside, I do expect in 2013 to see an acceleration of the SANYO sales outside of Japan.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And are your Japanese customers turning more optimistic now that their products are getting more cost competitive worldwide?
Keith D. Jackson: I would say the attitude is more hopeful. They certainly are telling us that they're hopeful now that they can see some improved sales for the year. None of them have actually reported any change in sales patterns yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit about what drivers we could look for at SANYO that would suggest you're getting a good turnaround. So for example, if we were to watch data points and saw that TV were getting a lot stronger, would that be the biggest potential driver for getting SANYO revenue to move forward? So the question is, what are the biggest couple of drivers that, if you had your way, could really move revenue with SANYO?
Keith D. Jackson: I guess I'd point you to a few things. High resolution cameras in smartphones is a very good thing for SANYO business. Increased televisions and white good sales, particularly in Asia, is a second kind of really good thing for that business. And just in general, any of the consumer goods sectors or pickup that would have a Japan-based consumer product would be strong for SANYO.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up question was On pricing. I know you already talked about ASP in general. I was hoping you could, if you have it, give a little bit more detail on the MOSFET market in particular. If possible, could you give a little bit of color on how 2012 looked and what potentially it might look like as we go into 2013 in terms of pricing?
Keith D. Jackson: I don't -- I won't have the specifics just for MOSFETs, although I will say it was a stronger than normal year on pressures in MOSFET pricing. I mentioned that in the script. The average that we had is kind of 1% to 2% a quarter. I believe the MOSFETs were something in excess of that, particularly in Q2 and Q3. I think '13 will be better, particularly kind of 2 fronts: one, if there's any type of pickup in the overall market as we're expecting, pressures usually ease; and then secondly, just the patterns that we have in the computing platforms are stabilizing a bit. So, the net of that, I think, would be a little better story for us this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A quick question here. You guys did a good job on the inventory in the December quarter. Sorry if I missed it, but what are your expectations for both the ON inventory and distribution inventory into March? And then, help me understand, inventories are starting to come down, but inventories coming down is not necessarily the only reason why we start to see a restock, and typically, it's lead time stretching out. What's kind of your forecast for your lead times and industry lead times, especially given the excess capacity out there? Do you think lead times stay shorter or longer and that changes the restocking trajectory?
Keith D. Jackson: I'll address the last part of your question first here. We've actually seen, in some of our specific products, lead times starting to stretch a bit. We are seeing certain packages and the pickup in our content starting to stress particular packages. On a broad basis, that is not yet happening. I expect that it will occur. There is some overcapacity, as you mentioned, but it's not that substantial. Most of the industry, I believe, particularly in the packaging side, is running in the 80s plus. So it won't take much to see a little bit of stretching of the lead times from their current very low levels.
Bernard Gutmann: And regarding the overall inventory levels, with the -- on the channel first, with the sub-10 weeks right now across the board, we don't believe we're going to see a significant amount of further reductions. I think we are at the bottom, and we will start potentially seeing some restocking. But right now, probably flattish. Internal inventories, we will continue burning some of the bridge inventory that we built last year, but at the same time, we -- in anticipation of a stronger second quarter, we will probably start building inventory also. So net-net, I don't expect a significant reduction in inventory internally either.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then Keith, you talked about, I think, $6 of potential content for you guys from the handset market. Who are you taking share from? Why are you taking share? Did you think about the profile of your handset customer? Are these mainly high-end smartphones? And I guess, how do you play into sort of the advent of the lower-end smartphone growth in China? Is that a market where the margin profile is attractive to you or not --
Keith D. Jackson: So the margin profile is attractive to us in China. The products that we have there are, again, a key focus. And we believe we actually have a little better content in China on a dollar basis than we do outside of China at many places. The difference in the piece relative to market share, I obviously don't have enough data on a part-by-part basis because there's no way to get that. But what I can tell you, again, the big growth drivers for us are products where we did not use to play, in the RF tuning areas, and I believe there's a multitude of solutions that have been used there, so it's a little difficult for me to tell which one's winning and losing; and in the camera module arena, again, where we did not use to play. So I am not sure I can answer the who we're taking it from.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And, Keith, lastly, just as a follow-up question. That content in the smartphone, how does it compare to overall corporate margin?
Keith D. Jackson: It is higher than overall corporate margins.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ian Ing with Lazard Capital.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: So a question for the automotive markets. Trying to understand the growth of these very long product cycle. Is it existing platform wins moving to more car models, or is it some new wins you have? Perhaps you can talk about your ASIC [indiscernible] pipeline.
Keith D. Jackson: A combination of all the above. I mentioned a few of the new wins we talked about. Trends that we see basically increasing in adoption over the next year or so are the start-stop alternator approach, significant savings on fuel economy. And we do see that as something that is both an adoption of the techniques in the cars that will be increasing, but also, an increase in our design rates there. The lighting systems, we expect to see more and more cars with LED front, rear and interior lighting systems. Again, our content has been increasing there. And so that combination, we think, is a very strong story. Many of the other things are features that we believe will go from the high-end cars to the lower-end cars, things like parking assist and other types of driver assistance types of -- and convenience types of things. So it's a combination of both, but we think there's some new trends there that should drive some really good growth.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Great. And my follow-up, because I noticed there's a step down in the number of inventory days that you're holding, is there a comfortable range that you are targeting in order to serve a potential recovery going forward?
Keith D. Jackson: So in -- we are still thinking our inventory days at the SANYO Product Group are still higher in driving the average for ON to be at 113. We like to be under 100 days in total.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I turn the conference back over to our presenters.
Sloan Boss: Okay. Thank you, Tiffany. I guess with that, we will go ahead and end the call. Thank you very much, everyone, for participating.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - Investor Relations Mark Thompson - Chairman and CEO Mark Frey - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Parag Agarwal - UBS Terence Whalen - Citi Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets Tristan Gerra - Robert W Baird Chris Danely - JPMorgan John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Steve Smigie - Raymond James Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Bill Ong - B. Reilly
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day. And welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder, that today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Janson: Thank you and good morning. And thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor's third quarter 2012 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's Chairman and CEO; Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we'll be attending the UBS Global Technology Conference on November 14th in New York and the Credit Suisse Technology Conference in Scottsdale on November 27th. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our third quarter financial results and discuss the current status of fourth quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product lines -- product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions-and-answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and being -- is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. A replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild's management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of this risk factors are provided in the quarterly and annual reports we filed with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principals. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses and should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find the reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors, including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now, I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Operator: Mr. Janson, I think Mr. Frey has discounted. We'll get him right back on the line.
Dan Janson: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we do apologies. It will be just another moment. And Mark Frey has rejoined.
Mark Frey: Hi.
Dan Janson: Okay, Mark. You are live now.
Mark Frey: Okay. Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings release, so I'll focus on the key points in my comments. Third quarter sales were lower than expected due primarily to incrementally weaker demand in computing, industrial and appliance end markets. Sales would have actually grown sequentially had we shipped in line with distribution sell through but instead we proactively reduced channel inventory again in Q3 and our clients do the same in Q4. We are managing inventories and costs very closely as we navigate through the current business cycle. So let's review some of our detail starting with the income statement. For the third quarter of 2012, Fairchild reported sales of $359 million, down 1% sequentially and 11% lower than the third quarter of 2011. Gross margin was 33.5%, up a point from the prior quarter due to a richer product mix and lower variable compensation. Although we reduced our factory loadings during the quarter, we were able to offset financial impact of lower utilization with spending decreases and other internal improvements. R&D and SG&A expenses were $86 million in the third quarter, down 11% sequentially and well below guidance due primarily to cost reduction program and lower variable compensation expense that is tied to adjusted EBIT dollars generated. Roughly $4 million of the reduction in OpEx was due to one prime reversal of variable compensation expense accrued in entire quarters which will not recur in Q4. Third quarter adjusted net income was $32 million and adjusted EPS was $0.25. Our adjusted tax expense was $1 million, which benefited from some exchange rate related adjustments in deferred tax assets. Adjusted EPS would have been $0.22 if the tax rate had been at the guidance, midpoint of 15%. Now, I'd like to review third quarter highlights of our sales and gross margin performance for our two major product groups. Sales were up 2% from the prior quarter in our PCIA business, driven by solid growth in our products supporting the mobile end market. PCIA gross margin was flat with the prior quarter at 31%. In our MC cubed business, sales were down 4% sequentially driven primarily by the mix out of lower margin commodity notebook MOSFETs and some incremental weakness at tier 2 mobile customers. Gross margin increased two points to 41%, due primarily to the improved product mix. Turning to our balance sheet, we increased internal inventory dollars by about 1%, or four days sequentially to 92 days, to support the ramp in mobile demand. This is a comparable level and gives us an ability to respond quickly to demand changes, especially as we continue to reduce channel inventory. Days of sales outstanding, or DSOs increased to 41 days and days of payables decreased to 45 days.  Free cash flow was a negative $18 million due primarily to increases in accounts receivable and capital expenditures as well as a decrease in current liabilities. We ended the third quarter with a total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $114 million. Turning now to forward guidance, we expect sales to be in the range of $330 million to $350 million in the fourth quarter. Our current scheduled backlog is nearly sufficient to achieve the low end of this range. We expect adjusted gross margin to be in the range of 30% to 32% due primarily to lower factory loadings and start-up costs at our 8-inch wafer fab in Korea. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be in the range of $88 million to $90 million as the reversal of our variable compensation accrual does not repeat in the fourth quarter. The adjusted tax rate is forecasted 15% plus or minus 3% for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce fourth quarter results. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark Thompson: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start today with an assessment of current business environment and discuss our approach in managing through this period of economic uncertainty. I'll wrap up with the brief review of some operational highlights from the third quarter. We grew mobile sales significantly in the third quarter to now 29% of total sales, up from 23% last quarter and 16% two years ago. The strength in mobile more than offset weaknesses in other market and we would oppose to the modest increase and total company sales that we now elected to reduce channel inventory. In other end markets, demand was incrementally weaker especially in computing. We were also more selective in accepting lower margin commodity notebook-related business, which costs us a few points in sales but benefited gross margins. Our exposure to the commodity notebook segment in computing is now only 3% to 4% of sales and we will likely reduce this further. Bookings were weaker than expected in the third quarter and while we began Q4 with a sequentially lower scheduled backlog, the incoming order -- rate of orders has increased. We believe customers are being cautious in reordering given the macro economic uncertainty coupled -- coupled and short lead times -- coupled to short lead times. We reduced our distribution channel inventory by $8 million in the third quarter and we plan to cut a similar amount in the fourth quarter, primarily in our high voltage business, so that we can enter 2013 well-positioned to grow. While it is possible, customers will continue to reduce inventories we know that at some point this will be come a tailwind to us as they reach unsustainably low levels. So looking forward, we are confident in our ability to grow our mobile business in Q4 in 2013. Our auto and mid power product lines also report growth this year and we expect to continue that trend in 2013. We expect to exit the year with lean channel inventory, which at some point will become a tailwind to sale. Our internal inventory is also well-controlled. Demand and other end markets is more difficult to forecast at this point. Commodity notebook continues to be impacted by tablets and the weak economy. We expect to further reduce our exposure to the segment executing in Q4. Consumer appliance and industrial markets all posted tepid booking but were well-positioned with inventory and short lead time to take advantage of any fill orders during the quarter. Our fourth quarter sales guidance reflects the broad-based weakness in these end markets as well as roughly two point sales impact from under shipping consumption from distribution channel once again. Given the uncertain demand environment, we are aggressively managing cost. We reduced OpEx significantly in the third quarter and we will work to drive SG&A and manufacturing expenses lower while maintaining our R&D spending at current levels. We believe R&D will drive our future sales and Fairchild is committed to growing faster than our target markets. SG&A spending in the third quarter was at the lowest level since the recession. We also saw an increase in capital spend in Q3 and expect to reduce this significantly in 2013. We are continuing with our 8-inch wafer fab upgrade in Korea and some selective capacity additions that are main fab to support future growth particularly in mobile. Looking forward to 2013, we expect to spend around $100 million in capital which is down substantially from 2012. Turning now to a brief update on some key new products and design wins that we expect to drive future growth, we increased sales significantly for our mobile products as number of design wins ramped in the production during third quarter. Our advanced power conversion solutions that offer an optimum mix in efficiency, low standby product assumption, integration and small form factors are rapidly becoming the preferred battery charger technology for smartphones and tablets. We posted strong sales growth in Q3 and expect continued growth in Q4 for this business. We also are growing our content in the phones and tablet side of the battery charging circuit, with a number of power products shifting in volume in Q3 and even more growth in the fourth quarter. We expect to continue this trend of strong mobile growth through 2013. In the mid voltage MOSFET market, supporting its performance, supporting performance computing, base stations and communications, we posted double-digit sequential sales growth. We have worked diligently over the past three to four years to gain share in these high-value markets. We have great line-up of high performance power solutions and are building a growing base of high margins in sole and limited sourced business. As sales of mid voltage products have grown, we are becoming more selective in expecting lower margin commodity notebook business. This cost is shifted. This caused us a few points of total company's sales to support our strategy to shift the profits of our MOSFET business to high value markets. We won a number of new designs with our high-voltage smart power modules in the appliance and room air conditioner markets. We are also ramping shifts in smart power modules through a major industrial pump manufacturer in Q4. While appliance related demand in China remains weak, we expect this other opportunities to drive double-digits sequential sales growth in our smart power module business in Q4. In our auto business, we continued to benefit from our focus on performing efficiency in power train applications. We won a major design in Q3 for our ignition IGBT solutions that enabled improved fuel efficiency and better engine performance. We expect to grow our sales in the auto sector in 2012 and post even stronger growth in 2013, as a number of new design wins ramp. Turning now to Q3 results for our sales channel and other operational performance. Direct sales to large OEMs and EMS customers were up 3% from prior quarter, due primarily to sales growth and mobile. Distribution sell through was down less than 1% sequentially, which resulted in $8 million reduction in channel inventory dollars. Factory utilization decreased less than 80%. Lead times remained short for virtually all our business except mobile and high voltage products that are in particularly high demand. As we previously announced, Vijay Ullal recently joined Fairchild as our new Chief Operating Officer. Vijay brings to Fairchild extensive experience in operations, technology and product line management. We expect to hear more in the future about our plans to accelerate the improvement of our operational and financial performance. In closing, I'm excited about our growth opportunities in mobile and mid voltage power solutions, and believe this will help offset weaker demand in the other end markets. We are in the low visibility uncertain demand environment given the macroeconomics concerns in other end markets. We are managing our inventories and costs aggressively until we believe the industry can grow again. I'm confident that our investing in R&D, while tightly controlling our costs and inventories, Fairchild will be well positioned to capitalize on higher demand as we eventually emerge from the current business cycle. Thank you and I will turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks, Mark. We'll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you ask questions, if you limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Anne, let's take the first question please.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. Just a couple of questions. The first one on the revenue side of your business in general. Mark Thompson, how are you looking at the fourth quarter of this year versus the fourth quarter of last year and specifically, is the problem more on the supply side of the equation, the demand side of the equation and just generally how would you compare this year versus last?
Mark Thompson: So, I'll see this. It's a bit of a challenge. If I were to look at our, for example our exposure to mobile is higher than it was at that point. Certainly computer -- computing and mobile I would say is comparably strong to where it was last year. Computing is in general substantially weaker, standard computing than it was at that time. Probably the biggest difference is, if we look at the industrial and appliance side in particular, those were still -- the demand profile was still declining fairly rapidly last Q4, whereas this Q4 they look to be fairly stable and so while I wouldn't call a formal inflection as they haven't started to go up in a substantial way. They are no longer in decline and so those would be some of the big points. Automotive, I would say has been pretty steady. It doesn't typically move up or down that rapidly. And so is relatively steady compared to that. So that would be sort of puts and takes of this quarter versus then.
Unidentified Analyst: Then I guess, switching over to Mark Frey, one question on the gross margin. Can you tell us what levels generally utilization is going to go to in the fourth quarter of this year and then remind us how the startup charge is for the 8-inch conversion flow through as we get into 2013?
Mark Frey: Yes. So, we will take our loadings down, so Dan, said what the Utilizations were in Q3, and we'll go incrementally lower from that, because in addition to planning to lower our channel, we're also planning to lower our internal inventory. So we're really trying to get ahead of that curve in Q4. In terms of the 8 inch staff startup costs, that costs related to qualifying all of our processes in new wafers. Essentially get immediately expensed. So about -- that's about $3 million in Q4. And would go up a little bit from that in Q1 and Q2 and then we would plan to actually turn the fab on around the midpoint of the year. Then the period expense of qualification would taper off. But obviously new fabs will take a couple of quarters to get down the learning curves and to get filled up again.
Mark Thompson: So one thing to add to Mark's comment is that because the utilizations will be lower than 80% we'll be periodic expensing the majority of the variance associated with that in the fourth quarter so it will occur at the same time, so it won't -- don't expect that to flow through to Q1 as some times that occurs -- it should overwhelming be taken in the fourth quarter.
Mark Frey:
Mark Thompson: As is reflected in the numbers. But take—
Dan Janson: Rob, the other point I would make on that is, that the $3 million of market stock, about the incremental increase from Q3 to Q4 that we're guiding, really it's already a big startup cost there. So all in we were taking up by the two point headwind to gross margin assumed in our Q4 guidance from the startup cost. And as Mark said, we'd expect that to continue to through the first half of next year.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Terence Whalen with -- Citi. Please go ahead. Mr. Whalen, your line is open, please check your mute button. And again, Mr. Whalen, your line is open. And there is no response. We'll take our next caller from, Parag Agarwal with UBS. Please go ahead.
Parag Agarwal - UBS: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to get a feel for the endmarkets in the fourth quarter. Just wondering if you could -- brand, order them in order of their strength. I think mobile would be the strongest part, just wanted to get a feel for the remainder of the markets.
Mark Thompson: Yes. For I would say is in general, mobile is the strongest, however I think you have to partition it a little bit, and that there is a two dominant players that are substantially stronger than the rest, then everything else is probably still at the top but not by such a large increment. The next increment from there is automotive. At least as our exposure, around efficiency, solutions small engines direct injection and so forth are steering conversion that would be next in line. Next in line would be appliance and industrial and then bringing up the rear would be computing.
Parag Agarwal - UBS: Okay. That's very helpful. Now if you look at your mobile market and if we look into 2013, so the increase in your mobile revenue is it going to come from units, or it is going to come from increased [contracts] or from both?
Mark Thompson: From both.
Parag Agarwal - UBS: Okay. And did you have any 10% customers this quarter, do you expect any one in next quarter?
Mark Thompson: Not quite yet. So we are very close on two customers but, they have not tipped the 10% level.
Parag Agarwal - UBS: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next caller, we'll go back to Terence Whalen with Citi. Please go ahead Mr. Whalen.
Terence Whalen - Citi: Hi, can you hear me.
Mark Thompson: I can.
Terence Whalen - Citi: Thank you. Two questions. The one is a little bit of a higher level principled question and that is as we do see increasing customer concentration in the mobile supply chain and this is somewhat unprecedented. What are the challenges in your view in sort of maintaining independence and pricing power as high valued supplier given that we can see continued increasing customer concentration. How you balance those things out and to the participating and the growth of those supply chain, while also maintaining independence and also the providing some security in terms of the road map of your own independence Thank you.
Mark Thompson: Terence, that's a great question. And it's one that could lead to a very very long answer. And I'll try to avoid that. It's something that we have thought a lot about. And I would say at this point, we haven't reached the point of concern. But as you look ahead. I think, and as you get substantially north of 10% exposure, to any customer I think that they could begin to have undue sway over. How you deploy your dollars and so forth. And pricing and some other kind of things. So, there's a couple of things that we're trying to do in that. So first, our first goal is to get to the point where it becomes a problem. And that's the phase I would say that we're in today. I think the other one is a clear partitioning between how you engage one customer and how you engage the other, because you do have to carefully manage IT and so forth. And I think the other one is that you have to make sure that you stay, appropriately engaged in advanced innovative solutions. Because if you don't then if you -- you could wind up having a high exposure to something that you don't have much pricing power in. And that could become a big risk, so those are the three, kind of big categories that we focus a lot on. Now, I think some of the mitigations are that while architectures varies say from lead maker one to lead maker two. The elements in the block are fungible. So I think it's the case where some of the -- gap right. So there's a bunch of these blocks that can be standardized. And captive libraries. So that they can be redeployed in the events of market shifts and so forth. But we -- so those are some of the de-risking elements. But it is something that has to be to your point, expressly baked into the strategy.
Terence Whalen - Citi: And then Mark, a quick follow-up I would ask is what portion of a new product, blocks or sort of cold from redesigned library, versus designs independently? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: It's the more -- the larger the chip and the more blocks on the chip, the more it will tend to recycle standards thing simply because if you're talking about a lot of new blocks and a new integration architecture then the risks are to compound. So we're you know, typically if you go to relatively small chips. That's where you deploy new features and then the integration is typically well recycled existing features. So that's and our products really spends that spectrum from relatively simple where we're trying new things to stop where we're integrating existing deployments.
Terence Whalen - Citi: I appreciate the insight. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess within in -- MC cubed I kind of expected to see better results in September, can you help us understand how much of that is the handset business? Within the handset how much of that is sort of a leading proprietary products versus legacy products if any? And just what you're seeing with respect to the tier two customers that you mentioned, thank you.
Mark Thompson: So, if we take the math, 29% of the company is in mobile. And our exposure in mobile is overwhelmingly, vast majority what I'll call privileged positions stuff. Which is to say mostly single and dual sourced and so it's 29% of the company which would make it, in the range of half of the MC cubed business. So that's -- that would be -- that piece. If we look at then the balance, we -- as commented -- we consciously took core computing down substantially in the quarter. And that was -- we simply don't see the opportunity to create, value added sockets there and so we consciously minimized that. So again if you use the similar multiplier so MC cubed core -- traditional core Wintel style computing is down to about 10% of MC cubed. And then the balance is made up by server data communications et cetera in the mid voltage arena which is -- doesn't grow as fast as mobile, but the design cycles are also longer and they tend to be stickier and higher valued. So that's -- those are the puts and takes. So a fairly fast moving -- fairly privileged, positions that's growing rapidly, one in the -- the piece in the middle that is positioned but moves more slowly and then layer at the bottom which moves fast but is very unattractive and we have chosen to aggressively minimize it. I think that should be largely gone, I would say by the end of the fourth quarter. You know, we're at 3% to 4% today -- and it's kind of 9% or 10% on MC cubed we're going to take it down another increment in the fourth quarter. So by the time we exit the year, so we didn't highlight it, but one of the headwinds to moving the top line has been, our selective posture in computing and, you know, the blood is just about out of that patient right now so it will be up by the end of the fourth quarter.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, thanks for that detail. Just as a follow-up, can you just remind us all why you're investing so much into capacity, the 8 inch upgrade, how much of that is capacity versus next generation tool sets and whether the risks that you're overinvesting here in a weak demand environment? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: So, I think the risks that we are overinvesting in a weak demand environment is relatively low. If we look at the opportunity that if presents us to consolidate our manufacturing footprint, it -- it's quite heavily de-risked. Others two -- [paths] that, if things really heat up again and -- the thing to point out is that the 8 inch capability that we put into Korea supports all of our MOSFET family products so it supports low-voltage solutions of the kind that go into mobile handsets, it supports mid voltage solution of the kind that go into some of the datacom kind of application so I just described. And it support high voltage that go into things like adaptors for mobile phones and automotive and power supply solutions and smart power modules. So we have a fully adaptable path on that. One would be to minimize our footprint in some other places up to an including eliminating our footprint other places or alternatively if the opportunities present themselves to grow. So, on the low demand picture what we would see is his improvement in cost position as we consolidate our footprint and if the demand environment supports it, it could support a higher top line. So I believe that there is very little risk that we will be standing there in three years time, regretting that we did the upgrade.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go the next caller Tristan Gerra with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W Baird: Hi, good morning. What types of inventory based projects do you have by end of this quarter embedded in your gross margin guidance?
Mark Frey: For the end of Q4 is to get it down below 90. Remember that days sales obviously get as both the numerator and the denominator, and so it's a little dangerous to track the weeks of inventory at a time like that because, we're hoping that Q4 would represent trough we don't one way or the other but -- obviously, we are trying to get the dollars of inventory down significantly. And from a long-term standpoint we would more target to get closer to 80 but we're very comfortable in the round the 90, I think we're still on the low end of our peer group at that level. And it also gives us added flexibility if we do get a resurgence of demand in the next couple quarters.
Mark Thompson: So Tristan, I think if you look at the mid case for the trends that we see in the market. I think we will be very comfortable with our -- in general our inventory position is good now, and I think the correction that we've been applying in the second half of this year will be essentially complete. And so would not expect those to continue into next year, again assuming the trajectory of the markets doesn't deteriorate. So as long as it stays the same or it gets better we're in good shape.
Mark Frey: Tristan, the other point I would make is that we are working to take some customers direct that used to go to distribution and that won't necessitate us how we having little bit more internal inventory. So keep that in mind too as we go forward.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W Baird: Okay, that was very useful. Also what are the inventory days at distributors currently and given your commentary that you pen on shifting again by about $80 million in Q4, what does that imply in terms of point of sale sequentially change specifically in distributors in Q4. 
Mark Thompson: So the current on point of sale is flat to sale is flat to slightly down in the fourth quarter that has been supported by the first few weeks of data, and it's also statistically very typical. And so that's the current planning assumption and the revenue estimates, that we've provided a assume taking $5 million to $10million out of that. So our current inventory level is in the 10 weeks in the mid 10 weeks range and so this would then take that another leg down. So something in the high 9s or of very low tens. On a pretty low revenue base, so at that point as we would look forward as I said its becomes market continue we would have, we would not want to take inventory lower as I think it creates the supply challenges in the face of modest, even modest recoveries in certain markets and that why we want to avoid.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W Baird: Great. Thanks a lot
Operator: Okay the next question from Chris Danely from JPMorgan
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: Thanks guys. Just the follow up on last question on this inventory, last time that ten week It was well below ten weeks in 2010. I mean in fact in 2010 we had some significant supply challenges because of an entire systems inventory badly deleted, depleted as we you know 2009 was the as recovered and so far so I take it low as a 8 weeks and you know in many of the . If we have to look at the profile of supporting if the very low mix then you can support at with the smaller or be a low mix or only a few customers you can support much much lower total numbers, but where the demand is carried down its high mix it actually have challenged even if 10 weeks to have really good customers service so if it wants being a bit of a blend so you actually look inside. We have some products that we maintain and four and five week range and others that we keep in the twelve we would like keep twelve and fourteen.  So it's not it makes markets dependent as were we set the target, so you know we would say we obviously we're taking it down, so we think it's a little bit high relative to where an ideal would be but only a little bit.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: Got it and then assuming we stay in this flattish environment for Q1, and with all the puts and takes on your gross margin and utilization rates et cetera would -- gross margins can be expected to remain flat or could they go up a little bit in Q1, if we say flattish?
Mark Thompson: So if we use those assumptions and they're all -- there were typical markets, in other words Q1 is usually not a big leg up from Q4, traditionally. But we've taken a number of onetime things. We've taken inventory down on both internal and external and fully reflected in the number. So in a flat demand environment, we would expect the gross margins to then be trending to the up as we move into the first quarter.
Mark Frey: Modestly up.
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: We'll take the next question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yeah, thanks guys, couple of questions. Mark, just to finish up on the PC business, how much of the decision to get out -- do you think it's just because volumes are low and if we were to see some sort of PC recovery there's some revenue there for you? And how much of it do you think is just perhaps architectural changes, that just make that market less intersecting to you?
Mark Thompson: So I think it's the question I don't have definitive answer to yet right. So I mean at some point, we need you get your exposure gets small enough it slides down the hierarchy of how much of your day is, kind of thinking about it. And I guess we're probably there in computing. If you look at the trends in computing the jury ultrabook is the one and the ultrabook flavors are the ones that potentially could stay interesting because they do have some incremental value on things where we have some strength and capability and therefore could get paid for. I think it's fair to say so far the ultrabook has been hasn't really been that important in terms of the total lines. If you look at sort of iterations on standard notebook architectures, I see nothing that would suggest that they would become interesting to us again. And so I think what we will probably do for 2013 is maintain enough exposure in key sockets to those to allow us to flex in and out somewhat to manage utilization, but make sure that we would never capitalize to those.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And then Mark as my follow-on on the mobile sector. I guess can you help me understand what -- when you look at the high end of the market and your privileged position relative to your dollar content today where could it go, as those top two guys and then conversely given that there's no middle market anymore for smartphones, can you help me understand whether not the low end of the smartphone market is one that where you guys have strategy, is it worthwhile to have a strategy there? Can you participate there with a margin kind of profile you'd like for the overall company? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: So in terms of content that's the top two; is we have I would not -- and we would certainly would target to at least double our content in dollars terms that's the both the top two over the next, I'll say one to three years because there's a very large [year] bar on those things. And so I think, very comfortable with our ability to grow there. And if I then move to the everything else tier there are definitely continued good opportunities there. And among other things as when you can very -- there's some attractive business to be taken selectively there especially when people get small they don't have very good pricing power anymore. And so you can make good -- some very good money in some of the second tier businesses. The other thing we know from this is that leads change right, and so while the top two look very very well positioned, one would have said that the top one look very very well positioned five or six years ago. So I think it's fair to say that we will continue to see challengers in the space and so I think you can never is this -- and it's very risky to only pay attention to the top two. I think you have to pay attention to the whole chain, you have to pay attention to if where things are, where emerging players are coming from and really anticipate share shifts that could occur.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Mark, on that point, can you help me to understand what's your [revenues] with the Chinese low end smartphone OEMs today and whether or not that end market specifically is one that that's interesting from a margin perspective for you?
Mark Thompson: So, our approach to that is heavily in the reference design category. And that -- so again there's -- it's similar to the corollary to this is the tablet question right, these tablet architectures are more or less scaled up phone architectures. And there's -- to your point there's a lot of design activity impossible for you to track of via direct sales methodologies. And so you go to market there to the chipset reference designs. And so that's our approach to that.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great, thanks a lot and I just want to follow up on number of questions, that have been asked already but you mentioned Q1 gross margin being up, potentially. And I think you referenced Q1 sometimes being a leg up from Q4 so and it's up and this is but so would you be suggesting at this point that given that inventory work down there's reasonable chance that in the flat environment Q1 revenue would be up sequentially?
Mark Thompson: So, well first of all let me go on record and say we are not guiding Q1 at this point. But let me offer some the input that could cause one thing or the other to happen. So we are -- as we look at Q4 to Q1, so traditionally the big negative increment in Q1 is driven by computing which in Q1 is always much weaker than Q4. So Q1 our computing exposure is substantially lower therefore that negative should be certainly substantially mitigated. We are consciously taking down channel inventory and internal inventory in the fourth quarter. Our expectation is that that we'll cease, and that we'll ship to demand in the first quarter. And that we are taking all of the -- all the negatives associated with the inventory reduction reduced et cetera into our financials in the fourth quarter in every way that we can legitimately. So if you look at all those I would expect from an end market point of view that both the inventory reductions and the reduction in computing exposure should favor Q1 that could be better than historical in terms of the ways the seasonality normally flexes. So that would be the way I would look at it today but there is a lot of things are going to happen between now and then and so we'll know better when we get to it.
Dan Janson: The other point that I would add is that the other element that was largely absent before the industry this year was appliances and then to a lesser extent I guess the industrial market usually that has a pretty strong first quarter. We know that we have worked hard to reduce our inventory in the channel, in fact the inventory reduction we've been talking about the channel in Q3, were largely in our appliance -- high voltage product line. So we think we're going to be well positioned going in the first quarter, so we have the potential of having the tailwind of not having to reduce channel inventory further in Q1 if the demand looks like it's going to be there and if we do see anything that looks like seasonal demand that's going to be a nice change of events going into 2013 versus what we've seen in 2013 -- 2012.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay, great, thank you for the answers. Next, you gave some dollar content discussion on the previous call about you're going from $0.25 to $0.50 of content on actual phones from your privilege customers. Similarly, you talked about adding charger of about $0.50 for those folks as well. Can you talk about how successful you were in terms of hitting that dollar content on phones Q3 and Q4 here, and is that relative to the couple of extra dollars you talked about gaining would that be -- so the couple of dollars you're talking about getting to in addition to this?
Mark Thompson: No, Steve, I would say that our trajectory of gains in mobile is occurring in a way that's completely consistent with our past communications. So it's neither ahead of nor behind what our expectations have been.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. And then could you give some sense with regard to the share of those handsets that you were targeting, let's say you're expecting to get 70% share [foreign] customers. Where are you in terms of that I mean after Q4 would you be halfway through gaining the share that you can gain. I think you're gaining share at both customer -- privileged customers so, how far you're along in that process. And I apologize, [I am going to] sneak one more in separately Mark you guys in the past have may be this big tradition of working down your standard products, now you're working down your MOSFETs, 18 months from now you're going to start working down some other business? I guess can you speak to what's your -- in a sense intermediate growth because it seems like as you move up to food chain also I think other business so quickly seem like it's becoming a little bit of challenge at top line growth any commentary would be great. Thanks.
Mark Thompson: Okay. So I will try to keep a catalog of portfolio of questions, so with that…
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Sorry about that.
Mark Thompson: I'll go backwards on that. So if you look at the forces there are strong forces of commoditization that exist in the industry and everyone has to wrestle with them. What I would say is at the outset, standard products are and always have been a commodity. And so that's not a change. Computing, I would say there was a time when we thought maybe couldn't -- wouldn't be a pure commodity but I think the entry of tablets basically cemented its fate as a commodity, and so we're basically acknowledging that in our departure from that marketplace. If I look at the rest of our portfolio, I think they will all face certain amount of commoditization but if you look at force of commoditization in standard computing it's very high. And certainly the dominant microprocessor producer has an explicit strategy to sort of [dominate] all the componentry around the microprocessor and it's very hard to impossible to overwhelm that. So what I would say is I think that we've acknowledge that and we've sort of dealt with it. Now the big question I think embedded in what you've asked is could smartphones become like computing, and I think the answer of that is I don't know. But I think it's much less likely to end up like computing in large part because there isn't there was a collaborative overwhelming force to standardize architectures and commoditize around between Microsoft and Intel. And that's not the case and the architectures are driven by the OEM and in turn they are taking very unique value positions for themselves which require ongoing innovation. So what I would say is to the extent the hence sets remaining and innovative, features continue to migrate and proliferate and it's driven by the OEM then I think that it will remain attractive and there will be opportunities for them to be great businesses. To the extent that one or two next layer players like if once chipset player became dominant for example in handsets and the OEMs stopped innovating then I think it will turn in to computing all over then. Right now I would say that's a likelihood of that occurring is quite low. And increasingly, we're proliferating our approach into more segments that may move slower in some of the industrial and some of the mid voltage areas. But the forces of commoditization of those are much much lower where you're offering a lot of value the designs tend to stick around for a long time, I mean value --unique capabilities. So I think, as we stand here today verses 5 years ago our exposure to things that could commoditize has never been lower, is what I would say.
Mark Frey: If I could extend that also in SPG it obviously was both from a market and a product standpoint, a commodity orientated operations you can't generalize that to MOSFETs. MOSFETs have many markets they differentiated at power levels and markets and so we're not disinvesting in MOSFETs, we are deemphasizing commodity computing. But there are a lot of exciting integration opportunities within cell phones that utilize our power density et cetera. So from a product line standpoint, we're actually very pleased with the trajectory of MOSFETs. And don't expect that has a total product segment to be overall commoditized, it's just adapting to its different markets. And the same is true of many of our PCIAs where let's say old plain or MOSFETs designs are pretty standard but we moved up towards smart power modules et cetera. So you can't take at FPG logic and begin to apply to our product and product sets.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great thanks. And just the share gains on your how far have you got in terms of getting the wings relative to the -- getting volume relative to the design wins.
Mark Thompson: So the, where if I take us a freeze frame of Q4 and look at what important gains could be at the top guides in $ per and cent. Our target would be to at least double at both of them over to 1 to 3 year time frame. That would be per that would be our opportunity.  Great thank you. He said that's partly gain share was we already have on a natural trajectory and that's a new ends  Great thank you. 
Operator: We'll hear next from Kevin Cassidy, Stifel Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Covered to lot of that question I had an it shows that's just the idea in computing as architecture and goes to the 14 powered management has lower able can get more difficult and neither than market it's more interesting to you again. Can you just say what your point of view on that is?
Mark Thompson: I would not want to create impression on that we will ignore computing that is in the case, so I think if we see the opportunity to create a sustainable privilege position we'll take, but if again you will look at the history of is that, if we see just that any position you can take that will be shortlisted and your base what we see today is there a better places to stand on our new to them.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Great thanks.  
Operator:  Okay next turn is from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Good morning. I had two clarifications I am just as follow up the mobility's as percentage sales is clear what will be the other end markets is the percentages sales and then within then what will last quarter kind of the that's 3% to s4% this quarter. 
Mark Thompson: So get that from mark sure. Our motto was around 10% of the company and computing was about 13 as far as our website and down to 7 this quarter our communications has gone from 23% in 2012 29% degree and consumer is kind in the 18% and 19% respectively. And our total industrial is also clattered about 35%.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. And the commodity that was last quarter 
Mark Thompson: I don't have that the commodity notebooks of total notebooks. Okay are we says we talked about mixing 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, final question just answer the along the free cash generation it was negative as could I think that was that was unexpected we've be taking that internal inventories may be where we do expect free cash to this to the fourth quarter. 
Mark Thompson: We expect that could of as positive for the year, so we have working capital shifts that were all against us. In the it moves up 4 days to the low 40 level I actually expect that we stay as we begin to take more customers direct will jump of this but our inventory and our DPO in fact you know the foliation of the and when those payments land we'll move back towards more capable. So, I see in 2014 you know one more CapEx in the 40 range that will be kind of our last of our main and clear investments and that has we've said we expect CapEx to be in the 100 range so significantly lowered on average starting next year. So and the positive and will take we'll shoot up for strong free cash flow next year. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: I guess with that I mean in the dynamic in the any way of fact that you're dealing in the potential to consider dividend.
Mark Thompson: We've already said that's potentially to clear dividends. We have a balance sheet criteria it's a guide line as supposed to our rule of net cash of $250 million obviously that gives us some balance sheet provisions to make sure that nobody will ever be worry about the dividend and obviously also the felling that our ongoing cash generation ability will be grow fast.  As we getting through this investment we fear as sustain level being back in the 6% to 8% range which gives us confidence of really enhance cash generation going forward. So I think that continues to support our desire to put gives an emplaced but we don't have the balance sheet criteria emplaced just yet.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Ong with B. Reilly.
Bill Ong - B. Reilly: Yes. Good morning gentlemen. Some fact in you guide it September $317million as of 2 and half %. But capably what were your growth expectations from only verses everything else back in July. And also there $8million dollars that's under ship what the mix stream verses everything else. 
Mark Thompson: So if our to try the construct the big differences between the 317 midpoint and 359 actual the two biggest deltas in the ours the expenses which we decided to minimize computing what as a big was almost $ 10 million related to what our expectation was. Because the pricing was sufficiently attracting just implanting take the shares that we thought we would. 
Bill Ong - B. Reilly: And the weakness to those were the two biggest increments between what our planning assumptions were go into the quarter and what actually played out across the quarter.
Mark Thompson: Thank you so much gentlemen. And we have one more question please  
Operator:  We actually have no questions remaining in the queue  
Mark Thompson: Okay perfect. Well thank you attending today's call. 
Operator:  Once again ladies and gentlemen now that's included today's conference and we thank you for your participation

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Rizvi - Vice President of M&A, Real Estate & Investor Relations and Treasurer Donald A. Colvin - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of SCI LLC and Executive Vice President of SCI LLC Keith D. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC
Analysts: John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Holly, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ken Rizvi. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Rizvi: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's Second Quarter 2012 Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Donald Colvin, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at onsemi.com, and a replay will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the second quarter of 2012. The script for today's call is also posted on our website. Our earnings release in this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparables under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. In the upcoming quarter, we will be attending the Pacific Crest Technology Forum on August 13 and the Citi Annual Technology Conference on September 6, as well as the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference on September 11. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding the future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, expect, plan or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors relating to our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the SEC. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the second quarter of 2012. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors. Now let's hear from Donald Colvin, who will provide an overview of second quarter 2012 results. Donald?
Donald A. Colvin: Thank you, Ken, and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the second quarter of 2012 were approximately $744.8 million or approximately flat compared to the first quarter of 2012. If the legacy ON Semiconductor business recorded revenues on a sell-in basis, similar to many of our industry peers, revenues in the second quarter would've grown by approximately 6% compared to the first quarter. During the second quarter of 2012, the company reported GAAP net income of $6.9 million or $0.02 per fully diluted share. The second quarter 2012 GAAP net income includes net charges of $58.1 million from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings press release. GAAP gross margin in the second quarter was 34.7% and non-GAAP gross margin, 35.7%. Gross margin in the second quarter benefited from approximately $3.4 million of insurance proceeds received during the quarter. Second quarter 2012 non-GAAP net income was $65 million or $0.14 per share on a fully diluted basis. We exited the second quarter of 2012 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $756.4 million. During the quarter, we also reduced our total debt by approximately $119 million, which included the retirement of $96.2 million of 0 coupon convertible senior subordinated notes. At the end of the first quarter, total day sales outstanding were approximately 54 days, up approximately 2 days compared with the first quarter of 2012. ON Semiconductor's internal inventories were at approximately 123 days, up approximately $26 million. Included in our total internal inventory is approximately $70 million of bridge inventory, approximately 13 days, primarily related to the consolidation of certain factories. Distribution inventories were up sequentially by approximately 1% on a dollar basis in the second quarter and were at approximately 10.5 weeks exiting the quarter. Cash capital expenditures during the second quarter of 2012 were approximately $64 million. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Keith D. Jackson: Thanks, Don. Now for an overview of our end markets. During the second quarter of 2012, our end-market splits were as follows: the automotive end market represented approximately 26% of sales; the consumer electronics end market represented approximately 22% of sales; the industrial, military, aerospace and medical end markets represented approximately 19% of sales; the computing end market represented approximately 20% of sales; and the communications end market, which includes both wireless and networking, represented approximately 13% of sales. On a direct billing basis, no individual ON Semiconductor product OEM customer represented more than 5% of second quarter sales. Our top 5 product OEM customers during the second quarter were: Continental Automotive Systems, Delta, Panasonic, Samsung and Sony. On a geographic basis, our contribution from sales in Asia, excluding Japan, represented 56% of revenue. Our sales in the Americas represented approximately 17% of revenue. Sales in Japan represented approximately 14% of revenue and sales in Europe represented approximately 13% of revenue during the quarter. Looking across the channels, direct sales to OEMs represented approximately 60% of second quarter 2012 revenue. Sales through the distribution channel were approximately 33% of second quarter revenue, and the EMS channel represented approximately 7% of revenue. Now I'd like to provide you with some details of other progress we've made. In the automotive end market, sales were relatively flat quarter-on-quarter. We remain confident, however, that the automotive market will be a strong contributor to our long-term growth. Overall, electronic content in new vehicles continues to grow and we continue to gain share with our solutions for LED lighting, park assist and start-stop applications. During the quarter, we saw new design wins ramp at North American suppliers utilizing our SmartFET, switcher and LED lighting products for body, powertrain and engine management applications. In addition, we have won new designs with Japanese and European automotive customers for engine and transmission control and angular position sensors. I'm also excited to announce that a highly collaborative design effort with one of our key automotive sound system customers has resulted in ON Semiconductor securing all power sockets within their next-generation amplifiers. The flexible and efficient power architecture we developed enables our customer to quickly modify designs and their system to enhance sound quality based on each vehicle. Sales into the computing end market were up approximately 6% sequentially in the second quarter. We continued to gain traction with design wins in several areas including hard disk drives, gaming, commercial desktop and server markets with our mixed-signal ASICs and MOSFETs. We continue to see growth in our market share for CPU core power management solutions within Ivy Bridge platforms at key notebook customers. In addition, we are seeing strong interest for our innovative high-frequency voltage regulator controllers in ultrabook applications. Within our power solutions portfolio, we also released an industry-leading, low-load standby power AC-DC controller. Looking forward, we expect to see sequential growth in the computing end market driven by our expansive product line and market share gains in Ivy Bridge notebooks. In the communications end market, while revenues were down sequentially in the second quarter, we continue to be excited about the design momentum we're seeing for our auto focus, haptic and image stabilization solutions. These products originate from our SANYO Semiconductor Products Group and represent another example of the growing opportunities to cross-sell our product lines. During the quarter, we commenced shipments during -- supporting the first major design win for our auto focus products with a leading global smartphone OEM. In addition, we're seeing strong adoption of our latest EMI suppression solutions, common mode filters and ESD protection devices into multiple smartphone designs and various manufacturers. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Donald for other comments and our forward-looking guidance. Donald?
Donald A. Colvin: Thanks, Keith. Third quarter 2012 outlook. Based upon product bookings trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $725 million to $765 million in the third quarter of 2012. Backlog levels for the third quarter of 2012 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated third quarter 2012 revenues. We anticipate that average selling prices for the third quarter of 2012 will be down approximately 1% to 2% compared to the second quarter of 2012. We expect total cash capital expenditures of approximately $50 million to $60 million in the third quarter of 2012. For the third quarter of 2012, we expect both GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 33.5% to 34.5%. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $195 million to $200 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairment and other charges which are expected to total approximately $20 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $175 million to $185 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $16 million for the third quarter of 2012, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $6 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million dollars. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $7 million, and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $2 million to $4 million. We also expect stock-based compensation expense of approximately $7 million to $9 million in the third quarter, of which approximately $1 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold with the remainder in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measure. Our current fully diluted share count is approximately 460 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. Unfortunately, given the global economic uncertainties, we are not expecting to see normal seasonal growth in the second half of 2012. However, as a company, we remain committed to maintaining our strong free cash flow generation. In the second quarter, for example, we executed a cost reduction program within our SANYO Semiconductor Products Group that resulted in headcount reduction of approximately 10% of that division. Given the expected slower growth environment, we are also finalizing a cost reduction plan for the legacy ON Semiconductor business. This plan includes targeting a reduction of our nonmanufacturing headcount in certain high-cost regions of approximately 10%. When combined with the cost reduction actions already taken at SANYO Semiconductor in the second quarter of 2012, our total cost reduction programs are expected to reduce our non-GAAP operating expenses on a quarterly basis by approximately $10 million the $15 million compared to the second quarter of 2012 non-GAAP operating expense of approximately $185 million. While we are seeing some benefit from the overall cost reduction programs in the third quarter as reflected in our guidance, we expect to see the full benefit from these programs in the fourth quarter of 2012. In addition, given our current available production capacity, we also expect to reduce capital expenditures. While there will be a carryforward of capital expenditures in the third and fourth quarter of 2012 from equipment already purchased, we currently expect to reduce our 2013 capital expenditures to approximately $125 million to $150 million based on the current demand environment. Our Board of Directors and its Special Committee have authorized the company to execute a share repurchase program for up to $300 million of common stock during the next 3 years. We intend to begin implementing the repurchase program later this month. However, the timing of any repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including the company's stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, restrictions under the company's debt obligations and other market and economic conditions. Now let me make a few comments on the second press release we issued this afternoon about my resignation and the launching of the search for a new CFO. I joined ON Semiconductor in 2003 and from the start was committed to working with the management team and the board to improve our capital structure, grow our free cash flow and assist the company's transformation into a global supplier of semiconductor products and solutions. During this period, we have significantly reduced our net debt position, improved our EBITDA and became a top 20 supplier of semiconductors globally. None of this would have been possible without the help of my dedicated team of finance professionals. I am leaving the finance function in very capable hands. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Keith D. Jackson: Holly, can you open up the Q&A, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of John Pitzer, Crédit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just quickly on the gross margin guidance for the September quarter, revenue is essentially flat, but gross margin is down sequentially. Is this mix? Is this action you're taking around utilization to control inventory? Could you give me a little bit of understanding? That would be helpful.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, it is completely getting the inventory back down. We grew inventory and our run rates in the factories anticipating more normal seasonality. Now it has become evident that, that will not be the case. We're slowing the factories down to start to get at that inventory quickly.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Keith, anywhere you can quantify where utilizations were in the June quarter and where you're expecting to go into the September quarter?
Keith D. Jackson: So in the June quarter, front-ends were kind of running approximately 80% and back-ends in the 90s. I would expect that number in the September quarter will come down anywhere from 5% to 10% on both parameters.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then lastly and quickly, just any commentary around end-market trends you're seeing for the September quarter, which buckets you expect to be kind of outperforming versus underperforming?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. On -- from Q3, you can see we're guiding relatively flattish, so there's not a significant movement in any one market. We do expect the consumer [indiscernible] to be up a bit, probably stronger than some of the others as there will be some holiday season builds going on, perhaps some uplift on the computing side for the same reason. But most of the markets will be relatively similar to Q2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just talking about the OpEx side of things. With the headcount cuts that you're doing and then the cost reductions, what is that normalized level of OpEx going to look like as we get into the fourth quarter, please?
Donald A. Colvin: Well, we gave guidance on what the savings should be and we gave the basis on the second quarter run rates. For the second quarter, we were $185 million, and we saved between $10 million and $15 million of savings. So if you take that $185 million and take off $13 million, you come to $172 million. So I think that's what the kind of run rate we're targeting in the fourth quarter for operating expenses, after we have implemented the cost reductions we are reviewing currently.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then as far as the gross margin side of the equation, Keith, in the prior question you said you're trying to get ahead of the inventory. Is that something that you expect that utilization hit to be a 1-quarter event? Or is it going to take longer than 1 quarter to adjust this?
Keith D. Jackson: It certainly will not take more than 2 quarters. It really depends on the September demand and sell-through. But at this stage, we're hoping to react early to minimize impact in future quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider, Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk -- not to beat a dead horse on the gross margins, but you did very well last quarter when you culled some of your lowest-margin products to get to raise the gross margin profile overall. Do you expect you would take any further actions along those lines going forward or how should we think about that?
Keith D. Jackson: So many of those actions actually have been taken. It will take it a while or just the cycle time to kind of get through the last-time buy for each product on a product-by-product basis. So I expect you will continue to see some positive results from the culling through the next 3 quarters.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That was helpful. And then as a follow-up, could you maybe talk about the pricing environment out there? Expecting prices down 1% to 2% sequentially in Q3, do you think that is getting better at this point? Or do you expect to see that same level of pricing pressure continuing over the next couple of quarters?
Keith D. Jackson: I expect pricing pressures will be very similar to Q2 for the next couple of quarters. Lead times are short in the industry. There certainly is no big push to exceed the capacity in the industry. So simply put, there's still going to be some pressure there, and it should remain similarly competitive with Q2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely, JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And thanks to Donald. I think I speak for many when I say that we are despondent over him flying the coop here. At any rate, can you just talk about -- it sounds like you expect the market to remain fairly depressed in Q4. What should we be thinking about revenue growth, or I guess lack thereof, in Q4? And how about gross margins in Q4 and beyond, if there's any other factors impacting that?
Keith D. Jackson: So we don't give more than 1 quarter at a time. What I can tell you is that normally, Q4 looks very similar to Q3. It would be a normal pattern for us. There are some ups and downs as we kind of guess at the market in Q4. There may be some new models of products out for Christmas sales that can stimulate a little bit of demand, but there's also the normal seasonal factors that impact it. So in general, we don't have any reason to believe our past trends will be dramatically different. Going forward, obviously, we do expect, as we mentioned earlier, the automotive content to continue to grow. Each model year, we see a few more opportunities. So with similar kinds of automotive sales, we should be seeing some growth into the first quarter on the automotive and electronic side.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And just my follow-up, Keith, can you just maybe take us through where the end markets ended up in Q2? And what were your original expectations, so where was the biggest miss? And then which do you expect out of the various end markets the first to come back, and where are you a little more concerned?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Let's see here. Which should be more specific data? In Q2 versus Q1, down was communications for us. Definitely saw some of the impact in the handsets from squeeze on chipset availability that showed up there. That was a surprise to us. Computing was up; automotive, relatively flat; consumer, flat; industrial, down very slightly. Again, none of those, were surprises. Medical, up a bit. And the mil, aero and networking again relatively flat. So really the only big surprise was on the communications side for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Berger, FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Donnie, congrats, and we'll miss you. With respect to, I guess, the SANYO business, can you give us a postmortem on how you think that's changed? I mean there is a lot of revenues gone versus say 6 quarters ago. It kind of feels like you're planning on that not coming back in any meaningful way. Just any thoughts on things that have changed since you made that acquisition.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I mean we've talked about some of the major events in the past, the flood being the most significant. The key there is we're now back in full manufacturing from a product perspective. But a lot of those customers are hurting and losing market share on a global basis. So a good number of those were customers in Japan. And for various reasons, including the strong yen, they have been losing share to others. So the climbing back has not been as fast as we might have anticipated. Having said that, there are new generations of products that are being designed in that consumer market space. We are seeing our design wins show that we'll be getting share back as those new products kick in. So I do think we'll get recovery, just not as quickly as we thought.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And on looking out over the next year, how do we think about gross margins in light of your cost reduction efforts and capacity efforts? What kind of revenues might you need to do a 36% or a 38%?
Keith D. Jackson: I think we -- I'm not sure we've got our eyes on 36% or 38% at this stage. I think we can get up toward that 30% range as we get into next year with revenues that are not significantly higher than we're at. To get the 36%, 38%, you are going to require a lot more revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Parag Agarwal, UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just wanted to get more clarity on the restructuring measures that you're taking. It looks like that most of these measures should be completed by the end of the year. So just wondering, do you think that the measures you are taking are deep enough that you'll be in a good position starting the next year?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we do believe that. We've looked at it pretty carefully. In other words, we're not counting on big revenue increases to make life better. We have all of these that we're talking about in OpEx, we described earlier, but also we still are closing our Aizu factory on the COGS side. And we have various other measures in place from a factory sizing perspective. So we do believe these are the right types of actions to be taken in the likely economy over the next year.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just a question about the share buyback. Clearly, it's tough time in the cash flow and the balance sheet will be -- and that kind of stuff. So what is the rationale behind this buyback program at this point of time?
Donald A. Colvin: Well I think the -- our company see the stock being depressed because of the weak conditions in the market. And I mean covers [ph] has been suffering from that same malaise. We did mention business got a bit weaker in June. Going through July, it's kind of stabilizing a bit now. Hopefully, we will be surprised by the end of the year. So it gives us support to the stock. And if we're in an environment of lower revenue growth, buying back the stock is a way to get EPS acceleration with a lower revenue growth basis. So this is something that we are going to embrace. We have planned this over a 3-year period. As you heard on the call, we're reducing our capital expenditures and our OpEx. So we will continue to generate good cash. We will pay down our debt. And in addition to that, we should be able to buy back a significant amount of our shares to give earnings accretion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis, Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: My good wishes to Don as you move on to your next steps. Keith, you mentioned that there were some nice design wins in the PC business. Can you just go into more detail on where those are occurring, and if that's a share gain that's coming to ON?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. We've been gaining share in the Ivy Bridge platforms. And so as those ramp as a percentage of the total of books made here in Q3 and onward, we're expecting to get nice increases in our dollar content. But we're also are very well-positioned for the Haswell platform. We've got a series of CPU power control parts already in the marketplace that are being very favorably received. So we think our momentum on the notebook side continues to gain steam. On the desktop side, we're well north of 50% market share now. And again, we are confident that, that will continue here for the next generations.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And just as a follow-up, Keith, can you quantify what your notebook share is? And where do you see it going as you move into Haswell?
Keith D. Jackson: Well, it's been kind of mid-20s or so. And we think in the Ivy Bridge platform, it'll get into the mid-30s or so.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis, Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Donnie, thanks a lot for all the help. I wish you the best. I guess the question I have is you're down from peak revenues about $160 million. And I'm wondering if you could give -- provide us a framework for like what percentage of that do you think is channel cleaning out inventories versus just weaker end markets versus share losses, versus just culling the SANYO product line?
Keith D. Jackson: The bulk of that is the SANYO product line. And so from that perspective, there's clear share lost. We did the culling. And then due to the Thailand flood, there were certainly some market share loss on the SANYO side. If you look at them, they were up at the almost $300 million range in Q3 of last year and they're just over $200 million here in the second quarter. So $100 million of that, $60 million or so was that -- the balance of the $60 million, we believe is mostly specific market-related, inventory change-related, et cetera.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And did you talk about how the order patterns were shaping up this quarter so far relative to what you saw at the end of last quarter? That's all I have.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. The activity Donald mentioned earlier, we saw significant slowing in new order patterns as we got into June, which was not expected. That continued into July, but it looks like it has now stabilized and is starting to pick up a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen, Citigroup.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This one refers to channel inventory. It sounds like channel inventory may have increased about 6% as a percentage of your revenue. What I was interested in is understanding what areas, what end markets and what regions that channel inventory grew?
Keith D. Jackson: There was really only 1% channel inventory growth in total on a dollar basis. And from a weeks basis, there was no movement at all. So in essence, the sell-through accommodated all of the increased shipments into distribution. A little bit of a mix shift there, if you will. From a regional basis, to give you an idea of the inventories, they're strongest in North America and Europe, leanest in Asia. And as we get into the third quarter, clearly, no one wants to build inventory in the channel. So I'm not expecting -- again, we're not expecting increases there.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then as my follow-up question, it sounds like your capital planning for next year may have gone down versus prior plan. It certainly blew up my modeling. What are you thinking from the capital side of things? And do you view further capacity reductions to boost gross margin as a lever that's becoming more attractive given the growth outlook that you're seeing?
Keith D. Jackson: Certainly from a need for new capital, we have run, as you've mentioned, $160 million hotter than we're running right now. And even at that, we had more powder. So the capacity piece of our capital plan will be down very substantially. There are always hot new technologies in certain areas that need to grow, so there will be some capital for capacity. Most of it will be, again, focused on the new technologies that are ramping quickly. Other than that, as far as total demand, we mentioned Aizu will be closing. That takes out a significant operating piece of our front-ends. We think that, that will put us in a position we need to be. And on the assembly test side, we will be continuing to look at what makes sense there as we go through time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie, Raymond James.
Unknown Analyst: This is actually Elizabeth Powell [ph] calling in for Steve. You guys have already captured a significant part of market share in desktop power. Is there anything unique about ultrabook power management that you think gives you guys a chance to gain similar dominance on those platforms?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, I mean, we believe we've got again a more efficient architecture and performance levels for the ultrabooks. We're looking at higher frequency solutions. And in essence, power density is extremely important in the ultrabooks. So the combination that we can provide to give them very dense efficient power, we think can provide similar kinds of opportunities for us in ultrabooks.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then in the past, you're ahead of the curve in terms finding markets that were about to take off, investing in computing, in autos right before everyone else did. Is there a particular market you're investing in now that you think is going to be a large dryer for you in the next 18 months?
Keith D. Jackson: There's a -- from an actual market perspective -- it depends on how you define things. From an application perspective, certainly, we are seeing significant demand in the LED lighting across all of our marketplaces. We're seeing significant demand building. And we think next year we'll be coming out for power modules to enable efficient appliances and industrial motors, et cetera, as a second area that's going to be a nice conversion opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso, Susquehanna.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And I also want to echo all the best to Donald. It's been a pleasure working with you. As far as my question, can you talk about where your shipments are versus consumption right now? And I understand that year-over-year growth rates have mainly been impacted by SANYO, but do you think at this point that your shipments out of ON are fairly well in line with your customers' consumption levels right now? Or are we a bit above or a bit below?
Keith D. Jackson: I think we're a bit below and kind of in 2 areas. We mentioned what was going on in the distribution. They are again continuing to get leaner, and they're telling us that the part of the impetus, particularly in Asia is that their customers are getting leaner as well. And so everybody's just being very, very cautious. So whether it's OEM or disti, we actually think there's a leaning out going on across the entire supply chain.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. So there is a little bit of room to -- well, I guess at this point then, there's likely when business conditions stabilize, we would likely see some increase in inventory levels...
Keith D. Jackson: I think that's true. I mean the other evidence I would give you is we're getting a lot of orders for immediate delivery, much more so than normal. So we're seeing a lot of folks that have indeed continued to push on being very lean and then they get in a jam and have to order stuff quickly.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. If I could just -- one other follow-on, with respect to -- I think you said it was about $100 million in reduction on the SANYO run rate. I would expect getting that business higher or whether or not it gets back up to the $300 million level, would really be a function of those customers in Japan regaining their own market share. It's not a question of ON penetration at those customers. It's really a structural issue within that customer's market, is that right?
Keith D. Jackson: No, not really. There are roughly -- if you look at their business, roughly 60% of it is influenced by Japan customers and 40% is outside customers, predominantly Asia. We think the growth path in those non-Japan -- the Japan customers is actually quite strong. I mentioned earlier some of those power modules earlier, we talked about the auto focus and image stabilization in the handsets, and there's several other products that we believe actually have very good growth potential outside of Japan. So I would expect that by the end of '13 or going into '14, the ratios would be quite flipped with a lot of growth opportunities coming outside of the Japan-based customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramesh Mitra [ph], National Securities.
Unknown Analyst: In regards to your visibility for a quarter out, is that significantly worse than where it has been historically for this time of the year?
Keith D. Jackson: It has not changed appreciably from normal.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. So your customers are still -- for deliveries a quarter out, people are still ordering at the same pace.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. Pretty much same pace.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. In regard to raw materials pricing, are you seeing any impact from that, either your gross margins in Q3 or further on out?
Keith D. Jackson: We haven't factored any in. We've not seen any big movement. Clearly, the pressure from metals appreciation, et cetera, is way down. So there's not a lot of cost on the raw material side going up, which lessens the pressure on us. The question is how much of that can we recapture, and obviously, we're out trying to work on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Wang, Evercore Partners.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And best of luck on the next step, Don. I guess my first question is just on the cost cutting that you guys talked about with SANYO. It sounds like you've got -- done a lot of work there. And, Keith, you talked about hitting 30% or getting them to 30s for gross margins at some point next year. I'm just curious if you could help us with some of the moving pieces for the next few quarters. And I guess if we'll see any movement in the next couple -- in the next quarter or 2 just within that SANYO business.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay, sure. So there's 2 major sections on the cost cutting. We did just announce on the OpEx side very significant moves to trim the spending there, get them closer to where we think the run rates on the sales are going to go. And then on the operational side. The operational side, closing the factories, et cetera, is largely accomplished. We've closed the factories we've planned on closing. What happens is you have a period of several quarters while you bleed off the buffer inventories. And so you really don't see those changes until they're gone. In the case of these factories in Japan, we built more buffer inventory than we normally would, that will last a little longer. But -- so you won't be seeing any immediate changes, but you should see gradual changes. The other piece of the factor to get up in the 30s is the remaining factory that we've been consolidating into needs to start ramping. And they're running at roughly 60% utilization right now, and they really can't get up into that 80% plus range where you need for the margins until that buffer inventory is gone. So it is a process. It'll get better bit by bit until we can get the buffer inventory out, which should be 2 to 3 quarters, and then we can start getting the utilization up on the remaining factory to get the efficiency in gross margins.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Do you have a sense if there are any updated targets in terms of revenues for that type of business to get to 30?
Keith D. Jackson: We need to be -- I guess what I'll say right now is we need to be kind of in the $230 million a quarter range of revenues to get that above breakeven. With the current cost structures, with the efficiencies we talked about in manufacturing, you should start seeing something positive very quickly at that stage.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. We'd like to thank everyone for your participation today. This concludes the conference call.
Keith D. Jackson: Thanks.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Rizvi - Vice President of M&A, Real Estate & Investor Relations and Treasurer Donald A. Colvin - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of SCI LLC and Executive Vice President of SCI LLC Keith D. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC
Analysts: John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Bin Jiang Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Dimitrios, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2012 Financial Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Rizvi, you may begin your conference.
Ken Rizvi: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's first quarter 2012 conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Donald Colvin, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at onsemi.com, and a replay will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the first quarter of 2012. The script for today's call is posted on our website.  Our earnings release in this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section.  In the upcoming quarter, we will be attending the Deutsche Bank Semiconductor Day on May 9, and the D.A. Davidson Technology Conference on May 30.  During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, expect, plan or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors relating to our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the SEC. Additional factors are described in our earnings release for the first quarter of 2012. Our estimates may change, and the company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors.  Now let's hear from Donald Colvin, who will provide an overview of the first quarter 2012 results. Donald?
Donald A. Colvin: Thanks, Ken, and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the first quarter of 2012 were approximately $744.4 million, a decrease of approximately 3% from the fourth quarter of 2011. During the first quarter of 2012, the company reported GAAP net income of $28.2 million or $0.06 per fully diluted share. The first quarter 2012 GAAP net income included net charges of $29.3 million or $0.06 per fully diluted share from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings press release.  GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin in the first quarter was 32.9%. First quarter 2012 non-GAAP net income was $57.5 million or $0.12 per share on a fully diluted basis.  We exited the first quarter of 2012 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $892.3 million. Subsequent to the quarter end, we redeemed our $96 million 0 coupon convertible notes at par.  At the end of the first quarter, total days sales outstanding were approximately 52 days, down approximately 2 days compared with the fourth quarter of 2011. ON Semiconductor's internal inventories were approximately flat on a dollar basis and, on a days basis, were approximately 116 days. Included in our total inventory is approximately $69 million of bridge inventory or approximately 13 days, primarily related to the consolidation of certain factories.  Distribution inventories were down sequentially approximately 14% on a dollar basis in the first quarter and were approximately 11 weeks exiting the quarter. On a dollar basis, distribution inventories exited the quarter at the lowest level since the third quarter of 2010.  Cash capital expenditures during the first quarter were approximately $50 million.  Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Keith D. Jackson: Thanks, Don. Now for an overview of our end markets. During the first quarter of 2012, our end market splits were as follows: The automotive end market represented approximately 26% of sales. The consumer electronics end market represented approximately 22% of sales. Industrial, military, aerospace and medical end markets represented approximately 20% of sales. Computing end market represented approximately 18% of sales. And the communications end market, which includes wireless and networking, represented approximately 14% of sales.  On a direct billing basis, no individual ON Semiconductor product OEM customer represented more than 5% of first quarter sales. Our top 5 product OEM customers during the first quarter were Continental Automotive Systems, Delta, Hella, Panasonic and Samsung.  On a geographic basis, our contribution from sales in Asia, excluding Japan, represented approximately 55% of revenue. Our sales in the Americas represented approximately 16% of revenue. Sales in Japan represented approximately 15% of revenue, and sales in Europe represented approximately 14% of revenue during the quarter.  Looking across the channels, direct sales to OEMs represented approximately 60% of first quarter 2012 revenue. Sales through the distribution channel were approximately 33% of first quarter revenue and the EMS channel represented approximately 7% of revenue.  Now I'd like to provide you with some details of other progress we have made. As previously -- discussed previously, we expect to fully recover our planned production capacity that was lost as a result of the Thailand flood during the second quarter through the use of our global manufacturing network and significant efforts of our employees. In addition, we have received approximately $50 million in insurance proceeds over the last 2 quarters, which we will have used to restore our production capacity and capabilities at other locations within our global manufacturing network.  Our overall manufacturing-related program integration activities also remain on track. As anticipated, our SANYO Semiconductor Gunma wafer facility will close this quarter and our SANYO Semiconductor Gifu wafer facility is on track to close by the beginning of the third quarter of 2012. Further, we anticipate completing the shutdown of our Aizu wafer facility later this year. These wafer factory closures should improve the efficiencies and cost effectiveness of our overall manufacturing network.  In the beginning of the second quarter, we also took steps to invest in higher growth segments of our business with the completion of an approximately $8 million purchase of a building and workforce in Vietnam to expand our integrated power module capabilities to service white goods such as air conditioners, washers and refrigerators.  Now I'd like to discuss some of our end market and product line results from ON Semiconductor's business units. In the automotive end market, we achieved sales of just under $200 million in the first quarter of 2012, up sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2011. New vehicle launches utilizing ON Semiconductor's solutions for LED lighting, park assist and start-stop applications helped drive strong results. Specifically, we saw a ramp up in our Park Assist ASIC for a key European auto manufacturer and share gains in IGBTs and SmartFETs at top-tier automotive customers in Korea and China. During the first quarter, we also secured several key automotive design wins at top-tier accounts, including a multiyear powertrain MOSFET win, a start-stop alternator ASIC win and a linear voltage regulator for LED front headlamp win.  Our design momentum continues to strengthen within the automotive market, and we are looking for another strong year of performance within this segment and our -- with our ability to service up to $90 of content per vehicle.  Sales in the computing end market decreased slightly in the first quarter but were much better than normal seasonality. After 3 quarters of reduced sales levels, we are beginning to see a recovery in the overall computing supply chain, which was negatively impacted by the inventory correction in the second half of 2011, as well as the flood in Thailand. We're seeing new design wins, gaining traction in several areas for our mixed signal ASICs and MOSFETs, including 3D projection, HDD, gaming, commercial desktop and the server markets. We also see positive momentum building for our power system and Vcore solutions within Ivy Bridge platforms at key notebook customers and anticipate growing our share versus the prior Sandy Bridge platform. Looking forward, we expect to see sequential growth in the computing end market driven by our expansive product line, as well as the recovery in the overall computing supply chain.  We are also excited about the design momentum we're seeing in the communications end market. In particular, we're gaining traction with leading global smartphone manufacturers for our autofocus and image stabilization solutions. These solutions originate from the SANYO Semiconductor Products Group and represent another example of the growing opportunities to cross-sell our product lines.  Overall, as we move through the second quarter, we believe we have passed the bottom of the current semiconductor cycle. Our backlog entering the second quarter was higher than it was entering the first quarter and customers are beginning to provide more visibility with their forecasts. We're also very well positioned with our energy efficient solutions portfolios in our focused end markets and look to drive improved revenues as economic conditions and customer demand improves in the second half of this year.  Now I'd like to turn it back over to Donald for other comments and our forward-looking guidance. Donald?
Donald A. Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Second quarter 2012 outlook. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $745 million to $785 million in the second quarter of 2012. Backlog levels for the second quarter of 2012 represent approximately 80% to 85% of the anticipated revenues.  ON Semiconductor records revenues on a sell-through basis within the distribution network. If we recorded revenues on a sell-in basis within the distribution channel, as some of our industry peers do, revenues would be expected to increase approximately 9% sequentially from the historical ON Semiconductor business, excluding SANYO Semiconductor Product Group, in the second quarter.  We anticipate that average selling prices for the second quarter of 2012 will be down approximately 1% to 2% compared to the first quarter.  We expect total cash capital expenditures of approximately $60 million in the second quarter of 2012. For the second quarter of 2012, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 34% to 35%. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $240 million to $250 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which are expected to total approximately $55 million to $65 million.  We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $180 million to $190 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $16 million for the second quarter of 2012, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $6 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $4 million to $5 million, and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $6 million. We also expect stock-based compensation expense of approximately $8 million to $10 million in the second quarter of 2012, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures.  Our current fully diluted share count is approximately 465 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and 10-K.  In the second quarter, we expect to fully recover our planned production capacity that was lost as a result of the flood in Thailand, thanks to the tremendous efforts of our employees. Our planned production capacity recovery contemplates that approximately $20 million to $30 million a quarter in revenue will not be recovered due to the low or negative return on our investment for these specific parts.  We are expecting SANYO -- are expecting revenues for the SANYO Semiconductor Products Group to remain relatively flat in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. While the production capacity to service our SANYO Semiconductor Products Group's customers is now available, the demand environment for these customers is weak. In particular, demand from customers in the consumer end market in Asia for this product group is expected to remain weak through the second quarter, but we would expect improvement in the third quarter of this year.  In order to align the cost structure of the SANYO Semiconductor Products Group to its current revenue levels, we plan to implement a cost reduction plan that will reduce the employment levels within this group by up to 500 people. We expect that this will result in a charge to the company of approximately $40 million to $50 million in the second quarter and excludes cash amounts related to pension benefits. Annual savings from this plan are expected to be approximately $40 million to $45 million.  The SANYO Semiconductor Products Group was impacted by 2 significant natural disasters in 2011, the earthquake in Japan and the flood in Thailand. These events have been disruptive to this product. We remain optimistic that the actions we are taking to align the cost structure of this product group to its current level of business will position it for future success and profitability.  With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, Keith and Don, when I look at sort of the results for margin and the guidance for June, revenue essentially in line, but you guys have done a little bit better on the gross margin line than I would have expected both in March and on the forward guide. Don, I wondered if you could just give kind of the puts and takes of what's been helping the gross margin line. Remind us of where target gross margins lie and at what revenue level and how quickly you think you can get there?
Donald A. Colvin: Sure. I think we did better in the first quarter. We took some actions to reduce cost in the factories, and they were successful in helping the gross margin. We also had a slightly better mix of higher margin products from internal revenue. And also, we sourced more from internal manufacturing than we did from outside and we got rid of some pretty bad margin products as well. So all that certainly helped, particularly in the ON side of the business. On the SANYO side, the margin came roughly as anticipated. We've always said that we believe the business, the ON business, is naturally in the low 40s gross margin and we head in that direction. We believe that the SANYO business would be in the mid-30s at optimum rates. I think it's fair to say that we are wee bit behind that currently because the revenue -- the top line hasn't been supporting it. In the near term, we are anticipating, with our cost reduction actions and with improved revenue in the second half of the year, that we should be heading towards the 30% gross margin this year and, hopefully, above that in the second half of next year to get to our overall corporate gross margin objective of approximately 40%, John.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then, Donald, you talked about the SANYO kind of restructuring or resizing, the 500-person headcount reduction, that's a -- what percent of the overall operation is that? And when you think about the $40 million to $45 million in annual cost savings, what's coming out of the gross versus the operating margin line?
Donald A. Colvin: The headcount reduction is less than 10% of the total headcount, but obviously, we're focusing it on areas where we believe we have excess requirements because the revenue has not -- has come down over the last few years. I think it's fair to say that most of these savings are going to come from OpEx, John, and we -- this is in addition to the actions we had already programmed, where we were rationalizing factories in Japan and the closure of these factories, older technology factories, is on schedule to be completed by July of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Keith, could you just give us some color on how you see the different end markets? As you look ahead to 2Q, which are performing relatively stronger and which are coming off the bottom a little bit slower?
Keith D. Jackson: We see automotive continuing to perform in a strong fashion. The computing business, as mentioned in Q1, was up seasonally. I expect that, that will continue in Q2 and accelerate in Q3. We are still seeing some continued weakness in the Asia consumer-based businesses, whether that's white goods or televisions or handsets or whatever that might be. So that's probably the weakest of the rest of them. And we're expecting kind of industrial to be flattish in Q2 with some strong signs of improvement here for the second half based on customer backlog.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. On the PC side, you mentioned some share gain that you saw coming your way. Can you quantify how much that is? And on the smartphone side, with the dollar content increase on the imaging systems, how much dollar content does ON have now in a smartphone?
Keith D. Jackson: So the first piece of that, we're really referring to Ivy Bridge. We think we can move our notebook content up into the 30%, 35% market share range on the power systems. And for the smartphones, we're really looking at kind of $3 to $3.50 per phone content, including the camera piece.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you comment on the forecast for auto going forward? I mean, I know you gave a second quarter guidance, but how do you see your auto revenue progressing for remainder of the year?
Keith D. Jackson: Well, we do expect to see increases in Q3 over Q2, and our traditional Q4s are kind of flattish. I would expect that trend would be similar this year although, again, we only give 1 quarter at a time. They do the retooling. There is some downtime a little bit in Q3, but then by Q4, you're back at whatever the auto end rate is driving.
Donald A. Colvin: I think -- I mean, auto was a very good help for us even in Q1. And so I mean, I think our revenue and margin did well. As I said, auto mix helped, but, I mean, going forward to the second half, it's going to be much more computing and consumer, and address that specifically. But we have felt the pain of the Chinese consumer in our business and the indications are that that's going to come back in the second half.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And coming to the industrial end market, some of your competitors are seeing some restraint, but you're guiding flat for the second quarter. I'm just wondering if there is any difference between your industrial exposure and that of your competitors.
Keith D. Jackson: I can answer that all right -- oh, go ahead. What's the second part?
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: How do you see the gross margin getting impacted from the industrial business as we head into the second half?
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So our -- each of the companies has a little different mix in what they called industrial. So I'm sure there are some differences there. As we look at our industrial customers, a lot of them are in building and construction types of industries, so building controls for environmental, et cetera. What we've seen there is, they continue to be slightly over-inventoried. Their end markets are picking up and that inventory is bleeding down. So we really think that is a second half story as opposed to a Q2 story. GMs for these product businesses are higher than our corporate average and should substantially contribute in the second half if the market, as we expect, grows and with the higher margins being good for our mix.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I really appreciate you guys giving the color on how you guys would have done if you were a sell-in. And sort of following up on that, I know you don't give guidance for Q3, but would it be fair to say that -- given the order patterns that we could expect to see general trends up sequentially from here throughout this year or at least into Q3?
Keith D. Jackson: Again, I won't give you guidance. I will say that backlog is filling in much faster for Q3 than it did for Q2 or Q1. So we are definitely seeing customers placing more longer orders in the Q3 or the second quarter out than we saw earlier.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And a follow-up on the Thailand manufacturing. It seems like -- I believe initially, you indicated that would be a sort of September time frame when you get that all fixed up. It seems like you're months ahead of schedule both in terms of the fact of that getting fixed. And also, you said that wasn't even -- the constraint this quarter is more just a demand at this point. So I'm just trying to understand at this point that you are pretty much all about full speed there.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, our teams have done a phenomenal job in pulling in capacity at our other factories to make up for the shortfall. So they actually are quite a bit ahead of schedule. We're basically now able to produce all of the things that we planned on producing. I'll remind you, Donald said we did eliminate capacity for some of the very bad margin products. That won't be coming back. But for everything else, we're online. What we've seen, however, is in the consumer businesses, which drive most of that Thailand impacted product, they remain a bit soft. And the customers did, I believe, some panic buying when the flood occurred to make sure they had enough inventory. So they're really in a good inventory position. The end market has really not taken off. And so net-net, the demand environment looks very similar to Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could give a little color on your distributors, where their heads are at in terms of their inventory levels. I think we've heard a number of comments from your peers saying that distributors' inventories are at the lowest levels in quite some time. So I was wondering if you could comment on whether you think they are going -- still be in reduction mode or whether that's done or whether we could even see some increases and return to distributor restocking towards the back half of the year.
Keith D. Jackson: So we had extensive discussions with our distributors. We are also, as we mentioned earlier, at the lowest level since 2010 out there in distribution. We are seeing their order patterns pick up. They are anticipating increases in the second half of the year that they are preparing orders for. So I -- and again, if you looked at our guidance, we think the sell-in piece is up 9% while we're guiding kind of mid-3s on the sell-through. So we're expecting some building to occur from an inventory perspective, but it's very dynamic because again, right now, everybody's expecting significant growth in the Q3 time frame.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then maybe just a follow-up. In terms of the pricing environment, I think you talked about ASPs last quarter down 2% or 3%, this quarter down 1% to 2% -- or maybe for Q2, I think, is what you said. Could you maybe just talk about whether you're seeing that higher ASP pressure continuing into the back half of the year or you think it's going to moderate from here?
Keith D. Jackson: I think it will moderate from here, particularly if the demand in the second half does grow over Q2. We've already seen some moderation, as you can tell from our guidance. And so again, I think it's really all dependent on what the end markets do. And right now, at least, they're heading in the right direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Question is just to clarify. The revenue guidance, where you said that you're doing some pruning for $20 million to $30 million of the SANYO side of things. Is it fair to assume, in the absence of that self-imposed pruning, that the guidance would be $790 million? Or is the consumer weakness another variable we've got to put into that equation?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So clearly, we are -- the products that we have obsoleted, we are selling less of. And so I don't know how to speculate on what orders we might have had if we were still selling those products. That's pretty tough, Ross. But certainly, the consumer weakness is there, but we also know for a fact we're selling less of those products that we obsoleted. So somewhere in there is a combination.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. And then for my follow-up question for Donald, on the OpEx side of things, with the cost savings that you're putting in, how should we think about the timing, specifically on OpEx where those savings fold in, is that a third quarter event? Or does it take a little bit longer to fully kick in?
Donald A. Colvin: Sure. It should kick in, in the fourth quarter. We have -- still continue to take tough measures on OpEx. We had fortification in the first quarter. The bonus accruals are under historical levels. And so on the anticipation of additional improvements in the second half, then we should restore some of these exceptional savings, but we will have the fixed cost reduction due to the headcount plan we outlined. I think it's also fair to say that the pruning we have of products has put us in a pretty good margin profile and particularly, the core ON business is performing well from a margin standpoint. For the SANYO business, we are taking the actions to improve its margin. And the big factor that will help us there will be improvement in the top line with the return of consumer business, which, again, is predicted for the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Bin Jiang: This is Bin speaking for Terence. Regarding your computing business, one of your large competitor in the VCore car management commented that your market share decreased in the Ivy Bridge from Sandy Bridge because of TI stepped in. Do you see the similar impact to your power management? And how -- what do you think are the dynamics here?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we do not. We do think that the current market share leader in the notebooks is losing share, but we're anticipating that we're going to gain that 10 to 15 points I talked about earlier.
Bin Jiang: Okay. And a follow-up to the SANYO revenue, you guided flat for second quarter. So if I look at the seasonality, SANYO business, historically, grow above 10% in second quarter and third quarter. Is the weakness in second quarter mainly because of the obsolete product? And what do you think about the 3Q? Is that going to continue to impact? Or it would return to the normal seasonality?
Keith D. Jackson: So certainly, the obsolete products contribute to the slower Q2 environment without a question. In Q3, actually, is when we normally see the biggest sequential gains for consumer. In there, the key factors for us are going to be the Asian-based consumers. That has been the hardest hit portion of the consumer business, particularly in the white goods arena and particularly with our hybrid IC businesses which are critical to energy savings in air conditioners and washing machines and refrigerators. We're expecting to see some moves in China for incentives for their consumer base to buy more of those. And so far, that looks like that may be on track for second half. So that will be a big piece of it. And then the second piece will be in televisions. With the Olympics, we normally see some kind of improvement as you get close to those games. And so we're anticipating some opportunities for growth there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Given the revenue outlook for SANYO, any new target in terms of EPS accretion from SANYO exiting the year? I'm assuming it's probably a little bit lower than the $0.20.
Donald A. Colvin: Well, hey, we never said we're going to make $0.20. That was on a run-rate basis, I think, the $0.20, Tristan.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Correct, yes.
Donald A. Colvin: Like $0.05 a quarter. But I think, clearly, we've had to revise the expectations there in light of the current condition. But we still remain optimistic that this will be accretive, maybe a bit less than the $0.05 that we had previously anticipated. Remember, we had kind of structured our model around something like a $0.05 contribution on a $240 million to $250 million top line. Right now, we're not seeing $240 million to $250 million, but were seeing something in between that and the current levels of business. And that certainly should be able to generate a low single-digit accretion in the fourth quarter. So I think, as I'd mentioned at the end of one of Keith's comments, our margin profile for ON is in great shape. For SANYO, it's in reasonable shape with the lots of cost reductions planned to get our cost structure in line. And we do see encouraging signs, some good traction on products that will ramp in the second half of the year, but it's fair to say it will not be to the levels that we had previously anticipated. We'll have to wait until next year before we see that. But we still should see positive earnings accretion in the exit, last quarter of this year.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the gross margin increase sequentially for Q2, how much of that is due to potentially higher utilization rate versus mix? And also, are you done pruning low-margin products for the rest of the year? Or is that still a possibility for other quarters this year?
Donald A. Colvin: I think the pruning is basically behind us. We're not actively -- we've pruned what we have pruned and we paid the price for it on the top line, but it's really helped our margin tremendously. So I think that's gone. So it's very much the usual factors. Our revenue will increase particularly, as we, said on a sell-in basis. And we will have a higher activity in our factories. And that will be offset by a little bit more expense as we move from tighter -- tight cost control to a more normal production environment. But both these factors, the higher revenue, and the higher capacity utilization will help improve our gross margins in the second quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with FBR.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: This is Chris Rolland in for Craig. My question is actually on utilizations. Where are they now? And where do you see them going through the year? And how are you guys balancing that with inventories?
Keith D. Jackson: So right now, they're kind of mid-70s. We anticipate second half, there's an opportunity to get that up into the 80s range. And as you can tell from our inventory management, we've been keeping a lid on that, and I expect we will continue to manage that fairly tightly. So we're not looking to grow a lot of inventories as we go through the year. We're going to pretty much keep up with consumption rates as we go forward.
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, sounds great. Also, you mentioned $50 million in insurance, and I was just wondering how that divided up and how it flows through the income statement. Is it business continuity insurance? And does it flow through the revenue line? Or how did that exactly run through?
Donald A. Colvin: Well, the insurance was actually all accounted for in the fourth quarter of last year and all the proceeds were essentially used to compensate us for loss of assets, equipment and inventories. So none of it flowed through the business continuity part of the P&L, but we had mentioned it because we allocated that $50 million to purchase the equipment that we have installed to recover the production capacity and capability that was lost as a result of the earthquake. So, so far, unlike some of our competitors, we have not received any business continuity insurance payments. So none of any insurance money has fallen through the P&L.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ramesh Misra with National Security.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: In regards to your SANYO business, can you help us quantify how it's been doing, say, prior to your acquisition or compared to a year ago levels?
Donald A. Colvin: Well, I think the SANYO business has obviously suffered, as we mentioned, from some exceptional events, earthquakes, tsunamis and floods. And I mean, it's really -- the biggest factory. The back-end factory was in Thailand and we just mentioned it was destroyed. So there have been so many moving parts there. It's very difficult to do a would have, could have done.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: Would you roughly say it was down 50% from...
Donald A. Colvin: No. I think it's probably down about 25% from what we would call a kind of adjusted cruising altitude. And I was doing some year-over-year comparisons and the outlook for the second quarter of this year compared to the second quarter last year. I chose from many of our competitors that didn't have floods and tsunamis, and they were down like 15 points year-over-year. So I think, certainly, 25% is in the range. And it's certainly being clouded by these events and also the slowdown in the Asian consumer, particularly in China. So that -- these are the elements impacting it. It looks now as if the business has bottomed. This is the trend we are seeing today. And we are also seeing a good evidence that it will grow modestly in the second half of the year, as I had stated previously.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: So you added not just for the overall semi cycle but for SANYO as well, correct?
Donald A. Colvin: Correct, correct. I know it's a function of many factors. They have traction on new designs. They have all designs that will come back, all of these kind of factors.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: Got it. In regards to your CapEx plans, any updates to full year levels? And are you -- what is this CapEx being allocated to? Is it for bringing up processes -- parallel processes at multiple factories? Or is this for new products, new equipment or capacity?
Donald A. Colvin: Well, I think, we have, basically. Our business is not as strong at the top line as it was last year. So absolute capacity is not so much as more capability. So basically, think about capabilities, more advanced packages, more advanced technologies, and also $50 million of Thailand recovery. It will actually probably cost us a bit more than Thailand recovery. But we do anticipate that our cash capital expenditures will fall from current levels as we exit the year. And so that should certainly help improve our cash flows. And certainly, this year's projection, if we take out the one-off $50 million for Thailand, it was down over last year, and we should start to see the benefit of slightly lower capital expenditures as we exit the year, resulting in a greater cash generation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Keith, just to go back to your comment about white goods in China. In your prepared remarks, you said you're expanding your Vietnam facility for integrated power. Is that in anticipation of demand to pick up or...
Keith D. Jackson: It is. We have, basically from a design win perspective, a very strong pipeline. And we've talked to our customers about what they're going to need. And it was clear that we did not have enough floor space to handle that nor equipment to handle that. So we have now made that investment. Floor space is online. We have the workforce and the equipment is being installed so that we can indeed ramp in the second half for that business.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you're not seeing an inventory problem. This is a new product design?
Keith D. Jackson: First, these are all new product designs. Their -- the only inventory issues we have in that market is some of our customers are over-inventoried on their finished goods. Our pipeline is actually quite lean. And again, based on their forecasts, we needed the expansion to meet their demand in the second half.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And one other, just a clarification. You had mentioned a design in a smartphone for focus and image stabilization. Is that a Japanese-based smartphone? Or was that a ON design and you brought in SANYO or SANYO design and brought in ON? You said cross?
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. They're non-Japanese-based handsets at the top -- I guess, 2 of the top 5 providers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Wang with Evercore Partners.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: My first question is just on SANYO. You guys got it at flattish into Q2. I was just hoping you could help us out with what you guys did in the first quarter. And then also, you talked about -- Keith, you talked about -- you sounded pretty confident that, that was going to ramp in the third quarter with Japan. I'm just curious if -- I was hoping you could actually go into a little more detail of what gives you that confidence.
Donald A. Colvin: Okay, so the -- just to give -- the results of the SANYO division was just over $200 million in revenue in the first quarter. And we see, as we stated in the guidance, roughly flat in the second quarter. So that's in absolute numbers. And as I stated before, we've previously been modeling something like $245 million for the fourth quarter. And we don't think we'll get there, but it will be something in between current levels and the previous $245 million. So that's the kind of framework we're giving around the financial modeling. As far as improvement in the business, Keith?
Keith D. Jackson: So the -- from a business perspective, again, I mentioned some of the design win momentum. What we've done is we've looked at the key design wins in handsets, televisions and white goods and talked to the customers there, and they are all setting expectations and backlog on us for increasing in the Q3 time frame, which obviously gives us more confidence that we're going to have a better second half. And then you add on top of that to their traditional positions in the other areas like gaming machines and all of the other consumer base things, and there's a normal seasonality that goes up as well. So you take the normal seasonality, you add that -- add to that your key design wins. Yes, we're feeling very good about the second half.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just secondly, you talked about taking $20 million to $30 million of capacity offline. I'm just curious where the SANYO capacity does go. And when it tops off, I think you maybe talked about $280 million before. So obviously, that goes down to $250 million. And then also, Don, you said that OpEx -- I just want to make sure I heard this right. You said OpEx could be lower in Q4 on a dollars basis than what you've guided here in the second quarter.
Donald A. Colvin: Well, I said that we would get the benefit in Q4 of all the cost savings. I did say as well -- -- there would be a restitution of certain actions that we've taken that would negatively impact that, like bonus accruals and fortification. So I think it's fair to say that one should offset the other and should be relatively flattish for the fourth quarter because we have been operating on a very strict cost control regime recently. And if we get a much better revenue outlook in the fourth quarter, then we will certainly be accruing bonuses and things that we haven't currently been accruing. So I would say very simply put, it should be relatively flat with the cost savings offsetting the restitution. So just to make sure that, that's the case, I think it probably would -- as far as the capacity is concerned, we did state that, that what we withdrew all came from the fact that we did not restitute the -- about $20 million to $30 million of Thailand capacity that was destroyed. So all that is in our current model and the capacity we have restored will be restored by the end of this quarter. As far as the total revenue potential of the SANYO business, I mean, that's more of a theoretical question. I don't think it has been significantly impaired, but it would not be reasonable to expect the SANYO business to turn to its -- "snap back" to its historical levels. I don't think we believe we have a capacity restriction there. It's much more of a demand restriction.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I would just remind you. I mean, we did just add capacity for the power module business. So net-net, you should be able to meet or exceed previous highs in total capacity.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Aalok Shah, D.A. Davidson.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Keith, you've discussed this a little bit already, but I'm just curious. On your discussions with your distributor partners out there, how are they feeling about holding inventory now? I mean, are they starting to get a little bit more comfortable holding inventory? And kind of do we think we'll get back to kind of more normal inventory levels as we exit the year?
Keith D. Jackson: They've all got aggressive ROIC numbers, so they're trying to keep the inventories down. We're spending a lot of dialogue talking about how do we, in essence, move to a more velocity-based models and how we work together rather than having more inventory point on their shelves. But I will, again, reiterate that they are certainly not wanting to be caught short. And so as they're anticipating higher Q3, they are placing more orders. So either that will turn into higher velocity on a sell-through or it will turn into inventory. At this stage, it's too early to say.
Aalok K. Shah - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And Donald, one quick question in terms of seasonality. Can you just remind us again how we should be thinking about seasonality for your business as we go in the back half of the year?
Donald A. Colvin: Every year, you get different seasons, you know, tsunamis and floods and all the rest. But normally, we are starting to -- we see a seasonally stronger third quarter, up probably high single digits, and that's on the back of a consumer strength. And so there's no reason to believe that we won't see that consumer strength in the second half. And I will remind everyone that the current levels of business are significantly less than all companies achieved at the same time last year. And so there is an inventory correction. End markets are down nothing like our business is down. So we are encouraged by the prospects for the second half and seeing certainly something in line with normal seasonality taking place.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Betsy Van Hees, Wedbush Securities.
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: You mentioned that you're having better visibility on your backlog and that your customers are more willing to place backlog for a longer period. Is that because there's actually demand there? Or is that the concern that they don't want to get cut short because Q3 -- are there expectations for a very strong Q3?
Keith D. Jackson: The indications, at least from the customers' feedback to us, is they believe they will have that demand. And so they're placing orders to make sure that we are going to be able to service those. There's no indication that there's any panic buying or position hedging that's going on at this stage. Lead times typically are what drive that behavior. They're out slightly here in the Q2 time frame from Q1, but there hasn't been a significant move which normally precedes any kind of panic buying.
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Can you remind us what lead times are?
Keith D. Jackson: They're kind of in the 8-week range for most of the high-volume products.
Betsy Van Hees - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And you've done a really great job during this tough time of making hard decisions in terms of the cuts that you're going to make. If things don't work out in the back half of the year, are you guys prepared to continue to make those cost cuts or more cost cuts?
Keith D. Jackson: We have demonstrated that we're always willing to put our cost structure where it needs to be for the future, and there's no reason to believe that will change.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis, Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Keith, you said the -- you could get to the mid-80 utilization. Did you imply -- infer a timing on that?
Keith D. Jackson: It would be sometime toward the middle of Q3. Typically, we don't need a lot more or see a lot more pickup from a loadings perspective as you go into Q4 because you're usually building a quarter ahead, so really you're kind of mid-Q3 time frame.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And you also talked about your lead times coming off of -- sounded like pretty low levels. Is that -- can you give us a sense historically at what utilization rates do you see the lead times starting to stretch out farther?
Keith D. Jackson: That is -- yes, I don't know about that. The best way to look at that one is lead times do matter. We don't normally see the 90% plus utilization rates until we're out towards 13 weeks or so. So right now, we're kind of at the 8-week range. And so somewhere between the 8 and 13 weeks, you go from kind of 70s to 90%.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer portion of today's call. We'd like to thank everyone for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Thompson – President, Chief Executive Officer Mark Frey – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Dan Janson – Investor Relations
Analysts: Terence Whalen – Citigroup Parag Agarwal – UBS Craig Berger – Friedman Billings and Ramsey Venk Nathamuni – JP Morgan Suji de Silva – ThinkEquity John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Steve Smigie – Raymond James Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak Bill Ong - Ticonderoga Securities Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. Now for opening remarks and introduction I’ll turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Dan please go ahead.
Dan Janson: Thanks. Good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor’s fourth quarter and full-year 2011 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild’s President and CEO, and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. We will start today’s call with Mark Frey, who will review our fourth quarter financial results and discuss the current status of first quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally we will reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principals. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction within GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to the comparable GAAP measures at the Fairchild – at the investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now I’ll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I’m sure most of you had a chance to review our earnings release, so I’ll focus on just the key points in my comments. Overall demand was lower than expected in the fourth quarter with distribution sell-through down 20% sequentially and sales into our direct OEM customers about 6% lower than the prior quarter. As we discussed in our earnings call last quarter, our primary focus in this time of demand uncertainty is managing our distribution channel tightly by reducing inventories and expenses. We made progress in all of these areas and plan to maintain a discipline in the first quarter. Let’s review some of the details, starting with the income statement. For the fourth quarter of 2011, Fairchild reported sales of $339 million, down 16% sequentially and 15% from the fourth quarter of 2010. Adjusted gross margin, which excludes the restructuring of Asian retirement plans accelerated depreciation inventory reserve releases and write-offs related to fab closures was 30.4%, down 560 basis points from the prior quarter. Gross margin was impacted by lower factory utilization roughly a negative 140 basis points impact from 8-inch fabs start-up cost and normal price reductions. R&D and SG&A expenses were $88 million in the fourth quarter, down $4 million sequentially due to reductions in spending and lower variable compensation expense. We continued to invest in R&D and applications engineering to support our future growth, but all other spending is being tightly controlled. Our fourth quarter results illustrate this point, with R&D spending up around 2%, while SG&A was down 8% sequentially. Fourth quarter adjusted net income was $90 million and adjusted EPS was $0.15. Our adjusted tax expense was a credit of $6 million as we recognized a number of discrete tax benefits during the quarter. Our adjusted EPS would have been $0.09 at a normalized 15% tax rate. Diluted share count was down more than 1 million shares in the fourth quarter. We bought back nearly a million shares as we capitalized on the lower stock prices during the quarter. Now, I’d like to review fourth quarter highlights of our sales and gross margin performance for our two major product groups. PCIA sales were down 21% sequentially, 17% from the year-ago quarter due to weaker demand and further inventory reductions in the appliance, industrial consumer, and solar end markets. This is also a seasonally weaker period for most of the PCIA end markets. Gross margin decreased 950 basis points to 28.5% due primarily to lower factory loadings and start-up costs for the transition to 8-inch wafers. Factory utilization is well below the company average for PCIA and expect – and we expect margins to recover quickly once demand improves. In our MCCC business, sales were down 10% sequentially and 7% from the year-ago quarter, as strong mobile analog sales were offset by weak demand from consumer and computing customers. We also took pricing actions to reduce our mix of low margin mature logic products, which impacted MCCC sales by about 5 percentage points in the fourth quarter. MCCC’s gross margin was down two points from the prior quarter at 35% as lower factory loadings supporting consumer and computing products offset the richer mobile analog mix. Turning to our balance sheet, we decreased internal inventory dollars by about $25 million or 10% sequentially. Given the lower sales level, days of internal inventory increased 5 days to 96 days. We like to maintain internal inventories closer to 80 days, so we plan to work this down over the next few quarters. Days of sales outstanding, or DSOs increased to 38 days and days of payables increased to 51 days. Free cash flow was $1 million and we ended the fourth quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $156 million. Free cash flow was negatively impacted in the quarter by approximately $18 million due to the one-time restructuring of our pension plans in Korea, which required a cash payment from an existing accrual to fund a new external retirement account. For the full-year 2011, we spent $42 million to repurchase nearly three million shares. We spent $186 million in capital or 12% of sales and $17 million on acquisitions. We also reduced debt by $21 million during 2011. Even with these significant investments in the business share repurchases and debt reduction, we still increased our cash and securities to $456 million at the end of the year. Turning now to forward guidance. We expect sales to be in the range of $340 million to $370 million for the first quarter as we continue to focus on reducing channel inventory. Our current scheduled backlog is sufficient to achieve the low end of this range. This guidance includes about 1% impact to sales from the flooding in Thailand. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 29% to 30% due to lower factory utilization especially in January. We anticipate R&D and SG&A expending to be approximately $96 million to $98 million in the first quarter. The adjusted tax rate is forecasted at 15% plus or minus 3% for the quarter. Recall that our first quarter has 14 weeks to again synchronize our fiscal year with the actual calendar. As with last quarter, we're not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce first quarter results. Over the last several months, our industry has experienced a surprisingly severe demand correction and we’ve responded aggressively to mitigate the financial impact. However, we're beginning to see a number of positive signs of demand inflection in our business. Overall bookings exceed billing so far in January. 13 week rolling fill rates are improving steadily, rush orders are picking up in some of our end markets and customers are recovering quickly from the disruptions due to the flooding in Thailand. These early signs of inflection in the cycle, coupled with favorable seasonality after the Asian New Year holidays, board well for demand in the coming quarters. Now I’ll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark Thompson: Thanks Mark. Recall that a quarter ago we outlined our focus on reducing inventories and controlling expenses as we work through this period of weaker demand in many of our end markets. We tightly controlled our distribution business during the fourth quarter and despite the lower than expected sell-through we’re able to reduce both channel and internal dollars of inventories. Let’s review the fourth quarter in more detail, beginning with the demand trends. We ramped into production a number of new programs in the second half of 2011 for our mobile analog business resulting in an 8% sequential sales growth in the fourth quarter. Our second half mobile analog sales were up 21% over the first half of 2011. We now supply an extensive portfolio of analog and power management solutions for mobile applications including power management for virtually all subsystems, USB, and all types of signal switching audio, high definition signal management and a whole line of battery management and charging products. The combination of strong smartphone and tablet demand coupled with our share gains give us a great deal of momentum heading into Q1. Our automobile business also held up very well in the fourth quarter. We continue to benefit from car markers transition to more energy efficient drivetrain systems and subsystems including high efficiency ignition and electronic power steering. While sales of our products into the auto end market were down a couple of points in Q4, for the full-year of 2011 we grew sales 26% compared to 2010. We expect continued solid demand in this sector in 2012. Our sales into the consumer and appliance end markets were down about 30% sequentially, which is even weaker than our customer’s initial expectations. The decrease in demand was most pronounced in Asia, especially China. Q4 is normally a weak period for appliance demand, but the slowdown in the Chinese real-estate market coupled with reduced government incentives to buy appliances and the overall weaker economy clearly wait on demand. Our customers in the appliance sector are still reducing their inventories and we expect this to continue through much of Q1. We did see signs of stability in the TV market with a number of rush orders at the end of the quarter as our customers replenish stocks ahead of the upcoming New Year holidays. We continue to see solid design win activity in these markets and are confident that our strong position in Asia and the trend for greater efficiency will drive future growth in this sector. The industrial end market was also weaker than forecast and what is seasonal in its off quarter. Asia was again the weak point followed by Europe. Solar inverter demand remains extremely weak especially in Europe. We’re seeing solid design win activity in the LED lighting, inductive heating and industrial welding markets. We expect this business to improve gradually over the next few quarters as inventories stabilize and seasonality becomes more of the tailwind. The solar inverter market is likely to take longer to recover, given the magnitude of the demand correction in that industry. Computing was also weaker than expected, partially due to the impact of flooding in Thailand, but the inventories in the supply chain appear well controlled. Q4 and Q1 are seasonally weaker quarters, but the industry is expecting new products later this year to drive greater demand. The ultrabook form factor offers the potential for more content as higher margins for Fairchild as customers seek the highest performance, small footprint MOSFETs available. Fairchild continues to be a leader in trench fabrication and package technology to provide exceptional performance within the small form factors available in the industry. Turning to our product lines, sales were down 10% from the prior quarter for our MCCC business as strong mobile sales were offset by weak demand from consumer and computing sectors. Our mobile analog business was up 8% sequentially due to sales growth across a wide range of new and existing products. An area of particular strength is our IntelliMAX intelligent load switches, which are designed into a number of leading smartphones and tablets. Intelligent load switching which incorporates its own protection and control is becoming essential in advanced smartphone designs in order to cope the power requirements for the various subsystems. We began ramping a couple of significant new design wins in Q4 and expect to continue with this strong momentum in Q1. MOSFET sales into computing and consumer markets were below seasonal as customers continue to reduce inventories in response to weaker demand. There’s also some shifting of demand for us from the computer segment to the tablet market which we include in our mobile business. Our advanced trench processes allow us to supply industry-leading performance and form factors including our innovative 3x3 dual MOSFETs that are ideal for the new ultrabook form factor. Finally, we took a number of strategic pricing actions to reduce our exposure to mature logic. This business has some of the lowest margins in the MCCC portfolio. These actions reduced MCCC sales by 5% point – at five percentage points in the fourth quarter. In our PCIA business sales were down 21% sequentially. In addition to normal weak second half seasonality, the appliance TV, computing and solar markets all posted lower than expected sell-through due to lower demand and continued inventory reductions in the supply chain. The flooding in Thailand disrupted the supply of some of our optical isolation products which reduced PCIA sales by about five percentage points. Our IGBT business continues to hold up well as solid industrial demand for these products offset some of the weakness in the solar inverter sector. Our automobile business also performed well due to the continued growth of our ignition solutions and modules for power steering. Standard, discreet and linear products were down 13% from the prior quarter due to weaker demand and are increasingly selective approach to this business. Looking at our sales channels in more detail, our direct sales to large OEMs and EMF customers were down 6% from the prior quarter due to modest schedule adjustments during the quarter and the impact of supply disruptions from the flooding in Thailand. Distribution sell-through decreased 20% sequentially which was more than expected. Despite weak demand, we were still able to reduce channel inventory dollars by 3% sequentially or weeks of inventory increased due to lower sell-through. Factory utilization was in the mid 70s with high voltage manufacturing running well below this level. Lead times decreased in all areas except mobile and are effectively at normal levels for virtually all products. Overall product and pricing in Q4 was down about 2% from the prior quarter, which was worse than the prior quarter but within normal historical range. In closing, I believe Fairchild made great progress in a number of areas in 2011 that positions us well for growth and improved profitability in 2012 and beyond. We invested heavily in our business to upgrade technologies, acquire new capabilities and fund R&D. We invested a significant amount of capital in 2011 to convert to 8-inch wafer manufacturing across all four of our fabs. Two fabs are now 100% 8-inch, and the other two are well on the way. We expect this transition to enable lower costs and improved margins for years to come. We acquired two businesses to improve our capabilities in silicon carbide and MEMS-centric technologies. We expect these new capabilities to enhance content in a wide range of industrial alternative energy, automotive consumer and mobile applications. We also increased R&D spending 27% in 2011, compared to 2010, while SG&A was up just 1%. In addition to investing in the business, we refinanced our bank debt facility, lowered our debt level and ended the year with a strong balance sheet. We also repurchased nearly 3 million shares throughout the year. While 2011 ended on a weaker note than expected, Fairchild is in the strongest position in our history to take advantage of improving demand in 2012. Thank you. And I’ll turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks Mark. We’ll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and to one follow-up. Thanks, and let’s take the first question, [Jodie].
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we’ll take our first question today from Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: Great. Good morning, thanks for taking the question. So it seems like looking at the results, one that surprises is that the sell-through declined 20% in the fourth quarter and that channel inventory maybe only declined mid single-digit million versus your $20 million or $25 million expectation. Can you talk a little bit about as the quarter progressed when you realized the weakness to distributors was sell-through versus selling and perhaps explain what you run over the quarter to give you insight into what sell-through is doing and why it’s acting so peculiar? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: Okay. So, Terence, the biggest delta from forecast and expectations was appliance in China. So, that was far and way the largest chunk. If you look at kind of the moving parts to that, the nature of POS is that it only -- you only really know what it is by the end of the quarter, and often the last week is very large. So, it is chronically difficult to forecast. To de-risk the plan, we readjusted build plans down quite substantially early in the quarter. And so, that’s how -- what the way it played out is we wound up having a big inventory decrease internally, but less so into the channel. So, again you’ve to – if you balance the thing, you add the two and we can partition it however, we want to partition it. If you look at the background to the weakness in appliance, there has been substantial incentive that the Chinese Government has put in place for buying particularly high-efficiency rated appliances. And it works -- the incentives works the same there as they do a replace cells, which is they don’t necessarily stimulate demand; they simply shift the timing of purchase. Those de-risk continued at the end of the first half, and there was talk back and forth, whether they will be renewed or not and they want it up for the second half not being renewed. And it took the key appliance OEMs a while to come to grips with that, and their systems aren’t as particularly their procurement and inventory management systems aren’t as sophisticated as some of the Western Company. So, it took a while for the scope of what needed to be done from their end to flow through back through distribution to us and that became clear during the fourth quarter. And so, we took according action. So, again if you look at the – our commentary, the build plans have been -- were aggressively reduced to try to take care of our estimate for the magnitude of the problem. They were most aggressively reduced in the high-voltage area, which again is why you saw a much larger selective impact to the PCIA numbers and in term why the high-voltage plans are well below the Company average of 70% utilization. So its – it really is quite heavily concentrated. And we think that the correction process should begin to reverse itself by the end of the current quarter.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: Okay. Thanks for that explaining.
Dan Janson: Hi, Terence, this is Dan. One of the thing I would add is that we also had a -- we didn’t originally in our guidance assume that there would be an impact from the Thailand flooding. At the time we got it, there wasn’t in Thailand flooding problem. So, that actually was a little bigger hit than we were expecting as we work through the quarter was about a 2% to 3% hit to revenue.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: Okay, thanks, Dan. And then if I could squeeze in a quick follow-up, I think are we getting this, one this morning from clients. In general, when you look at some of the other semiconductor results particularly in analog and the signal that we’ve seen this week, we’ve seen perhaps less of an impact by the reduction in sell-through. Can you perhaps -- based on your observations of what you heard so far from semiconductor companies report maybe why your results are slightly weaker whether its geographic, whether it’s application-driven or a particular distributor exposure, if you could help anyway? Thank you.
Mark Frey: Sure. Terence, I’ll handle that. And may be specifically with linear as the most prominent example, I think there is two things you should think of, number one, you can’t assess the business reconciliation on just two quarters. So, if you go back in time we were growing more earlier in the year whereas they were shipping less. So, if you go back actually where they previously peaked to December quarter their revenue will still be down more than ours. Secondly, just in terms of market sector exposure, they’ve a much higher exposure to auto, which has been less impacted and non-appliance industrial, I should say. And specifically China, about 77% of our sales are in Asia with a little less than half of that Mainland China, sorry, Greater China and almost the third of our sales are Mainland China. And the economic impact in that location has certainly been a lot more than even places like Europe. And therefore we’re happy where they’re from the long-term, but in the short-term, it’s pretty painful.
Mark Thomson: Terence, one other element of the total picture is, if -- again, as Dan and Mark said is when our original estimates were put out, I think the flood that happened at the start of the day before and so it was impossible to size what its impact would be. And so, the – there was one piece that was easy to understand, which was the opto-coupler business, which is manufactured there and a significant increment in the fourth quarter. The somewhat surprising one was the impact on lead-frame supply, which happened to map directly into mobile. So it didn’t hurt the numbers, but it took away probably $5 million of upside that we could have taken. Normally, when you go into a quarter, you’ll have your forecast and then it’s always changing as you go through the quarter and our supply chain is normally able to respond to that. So a little bit of weakness in one place, strengthen in other. So, what happened was a chunk of real strength we were not able to respond to it because we couldn’t get the lead brands. And so that – one of those things were the recovery is under ways, it will be fully recovered from a supply point of view in all places by the end of the first – by the end of the current quarter. But that was another chunk that hit us in the fourth quarter.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: Thanks Mark. I appreciate the insight. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to dig into your guidance. Now you indicated that you’re seeing some upwards trend in ordering some structures. And I was just wondering how do you expect the various end markets to play out in the first quarter. And also if the first quarter is on 13 week basis, it looks like it is still down from December. So just wondering if – do you think that the margins are bottom or we think that they should – there is more downside going forward?
Mark Thompson: So Parag, let me try to cover that – first the simple part, which is if you look at the – if you turn the 14 week quarter into a 13 week quarter, and then look at the mid point where its down 2% relative to the fourth quarter, which is exactly the seasonal average. So normally when we put our guidance together we both look at patterns of orders and backlog and so forth. We also look at history and then sort of align its history, and so that’s the way to look at that is typical seasonal. If you look at the sort of the strength and weaknesses, the strongest by far are for us in the first quarter will be mobile and automotive. Both of them currently look to be up sequentially from the fourth quarter, again, based on our strong and strengthening positions in those places. If you look at the opposite end of the spectrum, as I already commented, the appliance space we think, normally Q1 is a stronger quarter for appliance. We think that some of the inventory over hangs will probably prevents that from occurring. But we think we will be largely reconciling themselves by the end of the quarter. Computing is somewhere in the middle, in the sense that its – normally it’s a pretty weak quarter for computing. With that said, the – there is a lot of interest in the ultra book. And so there – the other thing is that the inventory is very clean there and so there were lot of aggressive actions that were taken by sort of the whole supply chain in the second half of 2011 and so we’re seeing – better than seasonal strength so far there both in terms of order rates and point of sale. So – and then the – as that we comment and we think solar which has been a big – it was a significant IGBT driver in the first half of 2011 and in 2010. We think we will likely stay dead at least through the first half then may be all year long. You know that hasn’t been big dollars, but it’s been a nice business. It was never more than $10 million a quarter and its now running at probably a third of that. As I said, we’ve no plan and we think that it will stay quite depressed. And then the large display area has been surprisingly strong as well. And so that had a pretty weak period last year, but again I think it was people took inventories down very, very aggressively and are now at the point where it’s sort of hand to mouth and there is a lot of new designs that are coming out and so that’s also stronger than seasonal for the first quarter. So those are hopefully the major elements of market commentary.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Okay, great. And as we think about the pricing going forward and also your margin trajectory, how should we think, I mean, how that is going to shape out going forward?
Mark Thompson: So in terms of pricing, the – we think that it’s going to be an average year in that regard. You know our – most of our business is under longer term contracts and so those are – those typically get renegotiated every six months and some cases every year. And so we don’t see sudden shifts either favorable or unfavorable in the way that, that plays out. So we think that – if you took a four or an eight quarter average for pricing and then laid it on top of 2012 that wouldn’t be – it would be a good estimate and Mark, why don’t you walk through the way to think about margins for the first half of 2012.
Mark Frey: So seasonal for pricing is between 1% and 2%. And as Mark said, we’re around there. And you want me to roll Q1 to (indiscernible)?
Mark Thompson: Yeah.
Mark Frey: Just to give you more clarity around the impact of lower utilization and profile for coming out of it, as you’re probably aware accounting requires you to time the impact of utilization slightly different way than the immediate loadings in the factory. So there is a delay effect. And you could see that actions in Q3 began to take margins down in Q4 and the margins remain low in Q1. Most of the accounting gets washed out in Q1, so for the same build plan that we’re planning for in our guidance in Q1 if we were doing that in the absence of the carryover effect from Q4, our margins would be in the 33% to 34% range. And obviously we think that would be then begin to ramp back up again to where we were before as we got our revenue above the $400 million run rate level.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Okay. That’s very helpful guys. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Can you give any sense from talking to your distributors how much their customers downstream are burning inventory or said differently, where do we think kind of consumption shipments might be if we look at the first half?
Mark Thompson: So – Craig, it varies a lot and I think by location. That if we look at the U.S for example, I think the inventory corrections are – or I’d say largely complete and I think probably the expectations are fairly close to equilibrium between sort of the take and the use. And if – at the opposite extreme, if you look in China we know that the OEMs there are, particularly, on the appliance side, are still aggressively reducing inventory and will likely continue to do that through the first – the first quarter. But right – but we think certainly by the second half of the first quarter more things should be in equilibrium than not and we would expect that to see turn into point of sale improvements. So, if you look at the rate at which the various indicators inflect, as Mark commented, the order rate has been – the rolling average for the order rate has been steadily increasing since October and is now in a very healthy state actually. If you look at point of sale there it tends to inflect by segments and so point of sale is inflecting on everything so far except for the appliance space and so that’s another non-regional way of looking at it. So if you combine those two things, you see that there is some residual correction remaining in the first quarter, but we think by the end of the first quarter things should be moving much more toward the equilibrium.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Thanks for the detail. And then just to follow-up, can you help us understand your design win traction in mobile, what that suggests for 2012 growth and as part of that, how big is tablet? And then lastly just one point of clarification, what's the OpEx impact from the 14th week and how do we think about Q2? Thank you so much.
Mark Thompson: Okay. So if we look at the design win traction for us its very broad and sort of all the peripheral analog content and product management content that I highlighted really sort of in all the subsystems around the CPU, we do regulators interface, enable high-definition, battery charging and particularly switching charge management circuits for lithium-ion and so forth. If you look at tablet, the leading tablets look more like the phone that they were derived from than a notebook and that’s one of the reasons why we aggregate those together in a common business unit. We think that our growth in mobile will be in a very strong double-digit, probably in the 20% to 30% in 2012 versus 2011 assuming that the sort of end-market estimates are correct and I think they’re more likely to be than not. And if you look at tablets as a part of that, so that would put it somewhere in the low $300 million range for 2012. And if you look at tablet portion of that, it would be about 15%. So we think the total market, the total sales into tablets for us will be in the $40 million range during 2012.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Thank you.
Mark Frey: The OpEx question, we guided a mid-point of 97 on a 13 week basis that would be about 90. When you think about rolling that into Q2, add $2 or $3 million for -- we’ll probably have a merit action in April and the equity program will notch up a bit too. So – and obviously we’re going to maintain our spending in kind of the flattish mode until we see clear indications of the demand profile improving.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Thanks so much.
Operator: We’ll go next to Venk Nathamuni.
Venk Nathamuni - JP Morgan: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. Hi, Mark you did mention that you were loading inventory into supply chain and I know in the past calls you’ve talked about your target inventory to be in the range of 7.5 to 8.5 weeks. Is that still the case? And as a follow-on, where do you expect utilization rates to be next quarter? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: So, if you look at our -- in an equilibrium setting we would always seek to run in that range where there’s little inventory as possible. So, it will never look exactly right in either the very peak or the very trough. So, we then tend to turn to dollars and look at our forward estimates. So, if I look at our current channel inventory versus where we think the end-markets will take demand in the middle of 2012, we’re probably still $10 million to $15 million heavy in terms of where we’d ideally want to be. We were supporting that level of business on about $200 million. We’re kind of $215 million, $216 million now. So – but that is heavily concentrated in the high-voltage space. So in fact, so again if you look as I commented, things roll-over at different times and they recover at different times. We're seeing very clear recovery everywhere except for the high-voltage and similarly our channel inventory is actually pretty close to 9 to 10 weeks even at the trough for most of our businesses. So, its really a concentrated fix that we've and that will be, as a big chunk of that of course is baked into our expectations for the first quarter and then maybe a little bit of trough in the second, but that’s kind of the moving parts on the channel.
Venk Nathamuni - JP Morgan: Okay and then on the utilization rates?
Mark Frey: We expect them to be up, but it depends on how demand moves in Q2 and obviously it’s a little early to be giving guidance on that.
Venk Nathamuni - JP Morgan: Okay, great, thanks. And then just as a follow-up, you said you had some inventory write-offs during the quarter. Could you quantify that for us in terms of the effect?
Mark Frey: They were more than normal.
Venk Nathamuni - JP Morgan: Okay. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Suji de Silva with ThinkEquity.
Suji de Silva - ThinkEquity: Hi, guys. Could it be possible to tell us how far above target the inventory levels are for the appliance segment in particular in China?
Mark Thompson: So, the rough numbers as I commented on the channel, you know for the total company the channel is maybe $15 million above if it was perfect for the current state based on the overall outlook for 2012, probably $10 million of that is high-voltage in that range, you know these are rough numbers, but that’s a pretty good estimate based on what we know today.
Suji de Silva - ThinkEquity: Sure. And Mark, I tried to reconcile your comments about the appliance market having less similar tier versus mostly end-markets inflection back, but I -- and further China demand is stabilizing, improving to slightly appliance issues or not?
Mark Thompson: So, if -- I mean the China demand is definitely down from what it was from its peak of the first half of 2011, but the consumption the pull from distribution is well below that level, so there’s sort of two notches to built into an outlook. The first one is the pure inventory effects and then the second one will be when does appliance use start to grow again in China. So, we wouldn’t try to call the second one, the first one we can model better and that’s reflected in my $10 million comment.
Mark Frey: Suji, let me just add another point. So I think one of the things you have to keep in mind here is that, we know that there are some issues in China that we’re working through specifically in the appliance sector. Many of those issues were -- are the results of government policies to try to deal with inflation and try to avoid real-estate asset bubble. And we also know that China is trying to, remake growth at a faster rate. So we’re confident that; we’re in the right spots, we’ve got the right designs and ultimately in China people are going to buy more appliances. They are going to buy more room air-conditions, because it’s still going to get hot in the summer. And what we also know is that, that the Chinese government is very serious about energy efficiency. Anybody that spend any time over there especially in the summer knows they have a hard time keeping up with the vertical demand. So it wouldn’t make any sense for them to go, have a large number of very inefficient products being sold when there’s a much better option out there, and that’s really where our sweet spot is. So we kind of view this market as something that it needs to get through this period of correction, but ultimately we’re very excited about our exposure to China and the end-markets and the energy efficiency play that we kept going there.
Suji de Silva - ThinkEquity: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yeah, good morning guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Guys, I guess my first question here is on the mobile market, it’s got a bright spot. You talked about your expectations for the full calendar year, just kind of curious how we should think about the seasonality in the March quarter for mobile, is that just going to be fully offset by kind of new program wins and then kind of what expectations do you’ve over the next three months for that part of the business?
Mark Thompson: Yeah. So, traditionally Q1 into your point is the worst quarter of the year. And it can be down as much as five and even high single-digit percent from the fourth quarter. So, what we see is that so far the perspective on smartphone for 2012 is I think overall that is considerable unit versus typical and then more than overcome by design win activities on our part. So, that’s what goes into, so less than typical seasonality for at least the current crop of smartphones and then that being overcome by design wins on our part.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Traditionally a clarification, excluding the extra week with debt business, we’re up sequentially apples-to-apples?
Mark Thompson: Yes.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: And then my second question is you talked about the impacts in Thailand, I think in the December quarter two to three percentage points of growth with the residual 1% in Q1, I’m kind of curious how does that breakdown between sort of the PC HDTV issues versus the opto issues and in your view is that loss demand or do we get a catch-up at some point and when would you expect that if its the latter?
Mark Thompson: So, a couple of things, we don’t think that there is going to be any permanent share loss as long as the recovery fully occurs during the first quarter. There is probably in the opto-coupler space is the biggest impact, and we still think that’s probably $3 million to $5 million less than it could be if we had full supply for the year -- for the quarter. Again, that is on track to be back intact fully and we track that daily. The piece that has essentially fully recovered is the lead-frame piece for mobile. So, that impacted us in the fourth quarter, but we think we’re almost entirely recovered on that side.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Okay. Any idea when you get this catch-up demand back?
Mark Thompson: Probably Q2. That would be our expectation.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We’ll go next to Steve Smigie with Raymond James. And sir, your line is open. Please check your mute button.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Yes, thank you. My question is with regard to demand for the products in China, particularly for air conditioning, does it that require government incentives, you think to get people to buy there is more energy-efficient devices or they just going to go for the cheapest solution without those incentives in place?
Mark Thompson: I don’t expect that will be required. Inevitably, you’ll see some overall shift in the market, but as Dan commented, the drive through efficiency is increasingly legislated. So, you look at two sides of it, one is legislation, the other is incentive. The legislation will undoubtedly continue to push the mix towards high-efficiency systems. The incentives are -- as I commented earlier, they tend to take the same -- they have the same impact in China as they do in the rest of the world, which is they don’t really stimulate demand. They simply shift timing. So, if you’re thinking of -- if you’re going to buy something in the next 12 months, and there is an incentive program, you’ll buy it before the incentive program ends. So, to that extent, what it did is it moved demand from the second half of 2011 into the first half of 2011. Overall, one of the great shifts that’s going on in the world today is the emergence of a middle-class in places like China, India, Brazil etcetera, and those are all hot places, there is all need for modern appliances and there is all tremendous interest in energy-efficiency. And so, if you look at our Chinese customers as well as our Korean customers, very heavily those are global businesses as well. So, China has been one of the big markets. It’s a couple of quarter event, but the fundamentals are absolutely intact.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Okay. And into my last question, it’s a follow-up, are there any internal programs coming up or rolling off that could help you in the coming year? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: We don’t have incentive expectations in our outlook. There is speculation about whether or not China will put another one in place. Recovery doesn’t require one. And intact, frankly, I would hope that they wouldn’t because again all it does is they shift timing. What we’ll continue to see is legislation that will force systems to have certain levels of efficiency. And that will be a net benefit. And we think we’ll see movement in that direction particularly in China in 2012.
Mark Frey: And existing regulations in most geographies have different targets for different years as they step in, so for example, Energy Star has raised the bar for next year. And I don’t know if you follow, but the State of California recently putout requirements for 2013 for not just energy-efficiency, but energy standby…
Mark Thompson: Yeah.
Mark Frey: …and the amount of current debt, a charger is allowed to draw when the battery is fully charged. So those are beneficial. Dan can certainly send you a schedule for the different regulations by geography and/or by country and where we see them going.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Kevin Cassidy with Stifel Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. I wonder if you could just give a little more detail on the comment about utilization being weaker especially in January.
Mark Frey: Well, it’s more efficient to keep everything unloaded in January because you start the quarter with your carryover from Christmas and New Years in the West. And then you know, it’s an early Chinese New Year, so we schedule our shutdowns around the national holidays, and they are clustered in January. That’s been the pattern for a number of years. Then in February and March, we’ll begin to load them back up again.
Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So its just a standard. I was just curious because the book-to-bill is positive, I was wondering why it wouldn’t be loading, but…
Mark Thompson: And to be clear, the utilization is still low, but it’s starting in February and March. It will be higher than we ran it in December.
Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Good morning. Thank you. Looking at the end of the June quarter, in March quarter, last quarter you said that you expect March to be bottom and you’ve a seasonal up, a non-seasonal up March quarter possibly and things that conspired again seen on the revenue and margin line, but if we look into June and factoring in you know, what you think possible rebound in June is, and also the get back from the 14 week quarter in March, and how should we look at the June quarter?
Mark Frey: Well, June is seasonally up 4% to 5% for our businesses in general. And coming out of this cycle we’d have maybe more optimistic expectations for what that would mean. So, I think the way you approach that is, you take here the midpoint of our guidance, divide it by 14, multiply by 13 and that’s your March quarter base. And you ramp that up in June, accordingly. And I previously said what to expect for our margin progression on just the timing of the factory loads in – the December and the March quarter. So we think that’s definitely a step-up in the June quarter, but the ultimate amount is going to be how rapidly demand recovers.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Thanks for that. And then the other question on the margin side is as we progress through the year, the get back from the ramp of the new fab, and I think the ways that 140 bips or so you said this quarter, how should we think about that as the year progresses?
Mark Thompson: Well, that will – it will actually dip slightly for a couple of quarters, and then the quarter before we commission the fab, which would probably be December of this year, it might blip up a billion or two. And so, roughly, no more than the run rate impact you’ve seen in Q1. And then the efficiencies from the fab obviously will come after we put it in service in to which we’re planning on 2013, early.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Great, thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Bill Ong with Ticonderoga Securities.
Bill Ong - Ticonderoga Securities: Good morning, gentlemen. So, just to clarify, about a year-ago, you talked about managing for the more linear quarter for the growth rate to reduce seasonal variability. So, that’s your standard goal? And then my last question is that were there any changes for your strategic plans for your foundry partners? As you anticipate in the closing of Mount Top fab, so just changes the business projects, but now that Mount Top is still open, any changes around that?
Mark Thompson: So, there is a couple of questions there, the Mountain Top, the previous Mountain Top strategy was not a foundry-based strategy, it was redistributing the loads elsewhere in the Company. So, the answer is no on that. We do have an active foundry strategy in our analog business where certain technologies, we rely on foundry partners and other technologies are supported in Portland, Maine. And what was the other…
Mark Frey: So, the question about seasonality is if you look at a 10% top-line growth rate, I mean it turns into a quarterly couple of percent improvement per quarter if you would linearize it, and I think the lesson is a reminder of what we already know is that a big correction will prompt a linear progression every time. And so, we’ve seen obviously very large adjustments in the overall system inventory, which basically eclipse our ability to be linear.
Mark Thompson: However, we started this cycle with eight weeks of inventory. We started the ’08-’09 cycle with 12. So, we’ve significantly mitigated it, but nevertheless this was been a pretty painful demand correction we’ve seen.
Bill Ong - Ticonderoga Securities: That’s helpful. Thank you so much.
Mark Thompson: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Alright, our final question today comes from Mike McConnell with Pacific Crest.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest: Thanks. Guys could you quantify just the home appliance just what percentage is the revenue now?
Mark Frey: Dan.
Dan Janson: Mike, I don’t know if I have that number at my disposal here. It’s a fairly significant part of the high-voltage business. Our high-voltage business as you know is about two-thirds of what PCIA is.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest: Okay.
Dan Janson: Alright and its -- I don’t know that it’s probably a bit less than half of that high-voltage business, but it’s a pretty substantial portion. The rest being made up of industrial accounts.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest: And do you think you know well kind of going through the inventory adjustments there and if you kind of outlined we’ll get through that in Q1. Do you think that we’re going to have to see the China government maybe move back to stimulating the real-estate market potentially or maybe changing some policies for that to begin to grow or do you think the absence there we can still see some growth after we get through this inventory correction?
Mark Thompson: Mike, I expect that, you know if you look at the pace of the emergence of the middle class and equipping themselves accordingly, its going to grow whether they stimulate it or not. And so, again the overall trajectory -- positive trajectory of that business is it doesn’t require any kind of stimulus at all. And it’s important to remember that the, well in general the appliance worldwide isn’t growing that rapidly. The penetration rate of fresh PC systems which really drive the efficiency is still very low you know maybe 20% in aggregate worldwide. So that conversion is going to drive growth for many years, almost regardless of what policy does. I certainly would hesitate to try to project China’s fiscal policy in 2012.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest: Certainly, yeah. But just the, and in longer-term just competitively we’ve had some of your competitors now start to look at entering into that IGBT market and obviously was a great driver for your margin profile, your mix-up strategy last cycle. How you’re feeling about your competitive positioning versus some of these new entrance that are starting to get more vocal not getting into the market?
Mark Thompson: Well, we really liked our leadership positions are wonderful because you can continue to build on. And so if you look at what it takes to make a compelling for example an SPM solution which might have 15 to 30 chips in it. There is strength in the IGBTs themselves which of course are the power management device, there is strength and drivers, strength in the ICs, there is the application knowledge in terms of efficiently driving motors that – those drive schemes and the multi chip packaging capability itself is quite sophisticated the card – as the thermal management is very – it’s a complex system. And it’s one that is good as our current implementations are, there are many vectors that we’re continuing to improve them on. So we think it’s a great space and its one that’s going to be continue to become more important and we have a lot of confidence in our ability to maintain a leadership position there.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest: Okay. And then my last one just to sneak one last, on just the – I believe you’ve talked about margins 33%, 34%, I just want to clarify with utilization, the expectations the utilizations were up slightly in Q1, should we think about that kind of profile than normalized rate or is that we should think about for Q2? I just want to clarify what that comment was particular to regarding timing that 33% to 34%?
Mark Frey: Its normally – it normalizes around the build plan that we’ve embedded in our guidance in Q1.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest: I see. Okay.
Mark Frey : Obviously we’re not saying anything about revenue in Q2 other than the direction indicators that we shared with you so far.
Mark Thompson: But if we replicated the Q1 build plan and Q2, that would be the approximate outcome.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest: Perfect. Okay, great. Thank you.
Dan Janson: Thanks Mike. Okay with that we’re going to conclude our call. Thank you for your interest in Fairchild.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today’s conference.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-13 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Thompson – President, Chief Executive Officer Mark Frey – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Dan Janson – Investor Relations
Analysts: Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank Terence Whalen – Citigroup Parag Agarwal – UBS Craig Berger – Friedman Billings and Ramsey Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird Venk Nathamuni – JP Morgan  Suji de Silva – ThinkEquity John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Steve Smigie – Raymond James Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak 
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to today’s Fairchild Semiconductor Third Quarter 2011 Earnings conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Janson: Thanks. Good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor’s Third Quarter 2011 Financial Results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild’s President and CEO, and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we’ll be attending the UBS Global Tech and Services Conference on November 16 in New York and the Credit Suisse Technology Conference in Scottsdale later in November. We’ll start today’s call with Mark Frey, who will review our third quarter financial results and discuss the current status of fourth quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results and markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we’ll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay of this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days.  Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC.  In addition, during this call we may refer to adjusted or financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principals. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by our investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis.  Now I’ll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark Frey: Thanks Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I’m sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I’ll focus on just the key points in my comments.  In the third quarter, our distribution sell-through was down 9% sequentially, which was well below our original expectations, while sales into our direct OEM customers were modestly higher. Accordingly, we reduced shipments and factory loadings during the quarter, which impacted margins but will allow us to maintain a lean supply chain as we manage through the current cycle. We are controlling costs very aggressively and will keep the reins tight until we are able to start growing sales and margins again. Let’s review some of the details, starting with the income statement. For the third quarter of 2011, Fairchild reported sales of $403 million, down 7% sequentially and down 3% from the third quarter of 2010. Adjusted gross margin, which excludes accelerated depreciation and write-offs related to fab closures, was 36%, down 120 basis points from the prior quarter. Gross margin was impacted by lower factory utilization and roughly a full point now of 8 inch fab start-up costs.  R&D and SG&A expenses were $92 million in the third quarter, down 6 million sequentially as we aggressively manage OPEX. We continued to invest in R&D and applications engineering to support our future growth, but all other spending is being tightly controlled.  Third quarter adjusted net income was $45 million and adjusted EPS was $0.34. Diluted share count was down nearly 2 million shares in the third quarter. We bought back 1.4 million shares as we capitalized on the lower stock prices during the quarter.  Now I’d like to review third quarter highlights of our sales and gross margin performance by our two major product groups. PCIA sales were up 5% from the year-ago quarter but down 10% sequentially due to weaker demand from appliance, consumer and solar end markets as customers continue to reduce inventories. This is also a seasonally weaker period for most of the PCIA end markets. Gross margin decreased two points to 38% due primarily to lower factory loadings and increased start-up costs for the transition to 8-inch wafers, which was partially offset by favorable foreign exchange trends. In our MCCC business, sales were flat sequentially as strong mobile analog sales were offset by weak demand from consumer and computing customers. MCCC gross margin was flat with the prior quarter at 37% as a richer mobile analog mix offset lower factory loadings supporting consumer and computing products.  Turning to our balance sheet, we grew internal inventory dollars by about 2%, which resulted in an 8-day increase to 91 days at the end of Q3. We like to maintain internal inventories closer to 80 days, so we plan to work this down over the next one to two quarters. Days of sales outstanding, or DSOs, were flat at 34 days while payables decreased to 49 days.  Free cash flow was $19 million for Q3, and we ended the quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $165 million. Turning now to forward guidance, we expect sales to be in the range of 350 to $370 million in the fourth quarter. Our current scheduled backlog is nearly sufficient to achieve the low end of this range. We expect adjusted gross margin to be between 32 and 34% as we adjust factory loadings lower in the fourth quarter to reduce inventory. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be approximately flat with the third quarter. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 15% plus or minus 3% for the quarter. As with last quarter, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce fourth quarter results. Finally, as you update your financial models for us in 2012, be aware that there will be 14 weeks in our first quarter as our fiscal calendar once again synchronizes with the actual calendar. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark Thompson: Thanks Mark. Before I get into the specifics of the quarter, I want to talk more generally about the current cycle and how we plan to manage through this period. The current semiconductor cycle has certainly reduced demand visibility, but there are a number of current and historical data points to help us manage through the environment.  Let’s start with what we know. Our Q4 guidance has us down as much as 18% from our peak sales in 2011, which we believe is well below true consumption levels. Recall that in the last recession, our major end markets were down just 9% in 2009, according to iSuppli. Unlike 2009, demand for mobile customers continues to grow, and other end markets in automotive and industrial sectors seem to be following a more normal seasonal pattern. We also see the progression of our Q1 backlog still following the normal pattern, which is much different than the late 2008/early 2009 environment when orders effectively stopped across the time horizon. We also know that the secular growth drivers in our business are still very much in place. We’re clearly seeing this in the strength of our mobile business. While demand from the appliance sector is softer now as customers reduce inventories, we know the rate of conversion from single-speed AC motors to variable speed inverter-type motors will drive continued growth, even in a weak unit sales environment. This is also true for automotive and industrial markets where increased silicon content continues to be the primary growth driver. Solar inverters is another market that is very weak right now, but I think we can agree that it will eventually return to a source of growth. The industry has been through many cycles in the past, so history can also help us manage through this environment. We know based on our history that distribution sell-through has never been down more than two quarters sequentially. Q3 was our first quarter of lower sell-through, and we expect Q4 will be the second. Even in the 2008-2009 recession, we saw sell-through recover after just two down quarters. Also, our peak channel inventory going into this correction is more than 50 million less than our level entering the 2008-2009 cycle, so we expect to get inventories in line more quickly with less impact to margins.  Given these data points, we will continue to manage cost and inventories aggressively. Our objective in Q4 is to aggressively reduce channel inventory to a comfortable level to support first half 2012 consumption demand. We want to enter 2012 with the inventory correction behind us, ready to take advantage of normal seasonal strength in our high-voltage business so we start growing sales and margins once again. Turning to our product lines, sales were flat from prior quarter for our MCCC business as strong mobile sales were offset by weak demand in consumer and computing sectors. Our mobile analog business was up 11% sequentially due to sales growth across a wide range of new and existing products. We have broad customer exposure with solid content at all major manufacturers, which helps us to grow even as market share shifts among our customers. We are now shipping a full range of voltage regulators beyond just core power to include RF lighting and charging solutions. We also increased sales for our growing line-up of audio and application-specific analog solutions. Our comprehensive portfolio of analog switches, including USB, multimedia, and accessory detection products continues to post strong growth. Finally, we stepped up shipments for our IntelliMAX intelligent load switches in Q3 to support a number of new model launches. MOSFET sales into the computing and consumer markets were well below seasonal as customers continue to reduce inventory in response to concerns about western economies. There has also some shifting in demand for us in the computing sector to the tablet market, which we include in our mobile business. Our advanced trench processes allow us to supply industry-leading performance and form factors, including our innovative 3x3 dual MOSFETs that are ideal for ultrathin notebooks and tablets. In our PCIA business, sales were down 10% sequentially. In addition to normal second half seasonality, the appliance, TV, computing and solar markets all posted weak sell-through as customers reduced inventory. Our IGBT business has held up well as solid industrial demand offset some of the weakness in the solar sector. Our automotive business also performed well due to continued growth of our ignition solutions and modules for power steering. We also began shipping a smart ignition module which integrates our innovative ignition IGBT with a controller in a single module. This module provides superior quality, reliability, and performance compared to existing discrete solutions. As I mentioned earlier, first quarter backlog fill is progressing normally and indicates a seasonal increase in demand for appliance and industrial markets. We have a tremendous portfolio of power modules and discrete solutions to support our customers’ transitions to significantly more efficient appliances, fans and pumps, and remain confident in the growth potential for our PCIA business. SPG sales were down nearly 19% from the prior quarter due to generally weak demand and our increasingly selective approach to this business. Turning now to Q3 results, our direct sales to large OEMs and EMF customers was up slightly from the prior quarter as many of these customers are in the mobile and automotive sectors, which are running relatively better. Distribution sell-through decreased 9% sequentially, which was more than expected and resulted in a $5 million build of channel inventory. We expect to reduce channel inventory substantially in the fourth quarter and had adjusted factory loadings accordingly. Factory utilization was about 80% in the third quarter and we expect it to decrease again in the fourth quarter. Lead times decreased in all areas except mobile and are effectively at normal levels for all of our products. Overall product pricing in Q3 was down less than 1% from the previous quarter. In closing, we remain excited about the secular growth drivers for our business. We continue to grow our mobile analog sales as we capitalize on strong smart phone and tablet demand. While many of our high voltage markets are working through an inventory correction, it’s clear that the transition to more efficient motors, appliances and cars will drive long-term growth. There are a number of current and historical data points that indicate we’re nearing the end of this correction, and Fairchild is committed to clearing the decks in Q4, tightly controlling costs, reducing channel inventory to be ready to start growing sales and margins again in 2012. Thank you, and I’ll turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks Mark. We’ll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and to one follow-up. Thanks, and let’s take the first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, you may do by pressing the star key followed by the digit one on your telephone keypad. If you are using a speakerphone, we ask that you please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once again, that’s star, one. We’ll pause for just a moment. We’ll take our first question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: Good morning, guys. The first of the two questions is on the disti side of things. Can you remind us what your original assumption was for disti sell-through in the third quarter, what it got adjusted to on your negative three, and what your assumption then is going forward for the fourth quarter for disti sell-through?
Mark Thompson: So Ross, in point of sale, which has some distribution margin in the, I think, 11, 12% range, the original forecast from our distributors was in the 340 million range and it ended in the low 290s. The current forecast has that down another increment from—in 260, up to flat at the high end; and in terms of our sell-in, we’re targeting to give us a cushion of about $30 million, which obviously could turn into channel inventory, or if POS trends toward the high end of that, it could turn into additional revenue. So we are baking in the possibility of continued erosion in the event that it were to occur.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: I guess one clarification on that – from the mid-quarter update, it seemed like the implied guidance assumed kind of a 5% POS drop at the mid-quarter, or the negative three in September. Is that correct, and I guess did it get worse from there or was it kind of in-line with your expectations?
Mark Thompson: No, it was roughly in line with expectations. If you look at the kind of $25 million-ish that we took out, that was all—directly came out of POS. So that would turn into kind of a $30 million POS reduction, which was—we never target the high end, anyway. We typically target the low end. So it was roughly—all but 5 million of it, so our ability to mass ship and POS was off by about 5 million in the quarter, but otherwise, we tried to exactly match the POS trend.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: Got you. Then I guess the one follow-up is remind us how that flows through on utilization to the gross margin side of things. Is the hit in the fourth quarter where we feel the majority of that, or is the utilization falling in the fourth quarter, as you said, likely to impact the first quarter gross margin as well?
Mark Frey: Ross, you’ll see most of the hit in Q4 because the utilization decrease began in Q3, so it gets—it kind of rolls into Q4 in terms of its cost of goods impact.
Mark Thompson: But in terms of—in being aggressive early in the fourth quarter should allow us to increase utilization in the first quarter, and therefore you’d see margin progress—positive margin progress starting again in the first quarter.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we’ll hear from Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: Great. Thank you for taking my question. It sounds as if regarding the distributor channel, the abruptness of the reduction in sell-through both in 3Q and 4Q gives you confidence that distribution sell-through will grow in the first quarter of 2012. Are we to then interpret that overall revenue will be up in first quarter 2012 sequentially, or is there a possibility that direct sales might seasonally decline and overwhelm an up disti?
Mark Thompson: So Terence, for starters we’re clearly not ready to guide the first quarter, so I’ll talk in general terms. Certainly the magnitude that we intend to under-ship to channel in the fourth quarter would have us at least matching an uptick in POS in the first quarter; and so that would be—that would follow naturally from that. We would not intend to reduce the channel in the first quarter. We would at least maintain it, so any increase in POS that we would see in the first quarter would flow naturally to our revenue. In terms of our OEM business, that’s generally been very steady through this. We would expect some uptick particularly on the PCIA side in the first quarter, which at least in 2011 we saw, as you’ll recall, more than offset the normal seasonal softness in mobile. So we would expect that to be at least steady heading into the first quarter.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: Okay, terrific. And then the follow-up question is regarding gross margin. It sounds like you’re proactively taking down the utilization in the fourth quarter, giving you confidence that utilization will increase in the first quarter. Can you walk us through some of the other gross margin drivers? Is it a correct assumption that if utilization increases in the first quarter, that gross margin will increase in the second quarter; or are there outstanding one-time issues regarding the 8-inch conversion that might make a gross margin uptick more a 3Q event than a 2Q event then?
Mark Frey: Right. So starting with all the factors that affect gross margin, pricing was a little less than seasonal in Q3 and we expect it to be roughly seasonal, so we’re not seeing anything out of bounds from a pricing standpoint. Mix has continued to be positive, particularly within the MCCC business. The utilization is the biggest impact, and since it started in Q3 and early in Q4, we do expect most of that impact to be embedded in our guidance for Q4 and would position us to begin to expand the gross margin in Q1, obviously, if we’re able to reload the factories again. The period expenses are about a 1% detractor from gross margin that’s been growing steadily across 2011. We expect it to stay that way for about another two quarters and then trail off as the 8-inch capacity becomes live towards the end of 2012.
Terence Whalen – Citigroup: Okay, that’s perfect. Thanks Mark.
Operator: And now we’ll hear from Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Thanks for taking my question. This first question is about the linearity of the orders, and that is for the distribution further out as well. So did you see any drop in orders as you went through the quarter? Did you see a push-out from December to the March quarter? And also, can you comment about the level of capacity that comes on following 8-inch conversion? Are you kind of moderating CAPEX going forward?
Mark Thompson: So Parag, a couple of things. First, in terms of the incoming order rate, it is on an up-trend right now and so it roughly bottomed in the third quarter, and particularly what we’re seeing, as we commented in the general section, they are primarily filling in to Q1, which is again consistent with what you’d expect for a lot of the community trying to effect its inventory correction in the fourth quarter. So while we are assuming a fairly limited fill opportunity in the fourth quarter, we are seeing very clear fill patterns so far into the first quarter, and so that’s the overall picture of the incoming order rate. In terms of the capacity coming online for BK8, our 8-inch conversion in Korea, we don’t see much in terms of capacity addition in the first half. We expect it to begin to come on during the second half, but obviously we have some ability to either move that out or pull it in depending on the way we see the demand progress across the year. We’re obviously managing the expense side of that as tightly as we can while making sure that we get it committed during the middle of next year. So we can slow it down a bit if we don’t need the capacity, or we can pull it in a bit with additional expenditure if the market heats up more than expected.  In terms of capital, overall it was a big expense driver, as we commented, resulting in above-average CAPEX during 2011, and it’s really—finishing it is the only big capacity project that we have, and most of it has been spent and committed. So it is certainly our expectation and intent that capital expenditures in 2012 will be sharply lower than they were in 2011, although we haven’t formalized a budget yet. But certainly we’d expect to see that come down significantly.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Okay. And the second question is about your mobile business. Obviously it is very strong. Just wondering if the strength is coming from existing customers or are you seeing any major ramp in any new programs?
Mark Thompson: Well, our best, biggest customers are the best, biggest mobile solution providers in the smart phone space; and as you know, they are constantly launching new platforms. One here local in the Valley just put one out last week, and so our content in that is good and growing. There’s a steady stream of new products that occur and new features that occur that we’re actively participating in, so it isn’t—there aren’t strictly speaking new customers to add, because we already are strategic suppliers to all the major players.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Thank you very much.
Operator: And now we’ll open the floor up to Craig Berger with Friedman Billings and Ramsey.
Craig Berger – FBR: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess my first question is can you tell me—I guess you thought disti sell-through was going to be 340; it was actually 290. What was it at the peak of the cycle and how much of that is downstream inventory burn beyond the distis? What’s your view on real end consumption of chips right now? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: So Craig, it’s a little hard to quantify the overall end market, but the POS is easy to quantify. So the POS in the second quarter was approximately 320 million, and so a normal seasonal build in POS, or I guess I’ll call it an average seasonal build, would have carried it up from there. So if you look at the process that we use to estimate that, it’s heavily informed by the resale expectations from our distribution customers themselves—or our distribution partners themselves, and they look at sort of who wants what and their own trends, and so they give us that. We massage it a little bit and it turns into our point-of-sale forecast.  It’s generally been pretty accurate, and so it was, I think, unexpected that it was weak. It took some time for our distribution partners to come to grips with what it was likely to be, so it took a couple of iterations to get it defined. And so it wound up by about mid-quarter, we had a pretty good grip on what it turned out to be, so I think everyone is continuing in that vein in Q4 but rather than reacting to it partway through the quarter, which we clearly saw going on, I think people have their arms firmly around it and are aggressively trying to get it adjusted in the early part of the fourth quarter, and we’re seeing that kind of behavior.  So in terms of what the true end demand is, you really have to go in a segment at a time. So it’s clear that there was equipment built in the second quarter that didn’t sell through as rapidly as people expected it to. Probably the most extreme was in the solar inverter space, where there wound up being a lot of inverter inventory and the build plans for inverters turned down very sharply. How much you could subtract from the actual demand in Q2, it’s a little bit hard to do. Again, with many small customers as you often see in distribution, the visibility into the granularity of where all the stuff goes isn’t that good. So again, I think we could subtract some from what the overall Q2 demand was, but I don’t think it was a radical over-build, for example. I think it appears right now to have been a combination of a modest over-build and increased availability, allowing people to draw down inventories; and those things compounded have turned it into what appears to be a fairly sharp but likely contained inventory correction.
Craig Berger – FBR: Thanks for that detail, Mark. And then just how do we think about spending items as we begin 2012? Are you guys going to be holding the line, or do you have annual spending and salary increases? How do we think about the growth in OPEX?
Mark Frey : Craig, this is Mark. Yes to both of those questions – we do have some seasonal factors in Q1 that add to expenses. However, we are holding the line. We expect to kind of stay in these low 90 areas for OPEX until we actually see how the cycle plays out and when the inventory correction transitions into growth again. And for capital, I think Mark talked about that. We’re reassessing all of the capital projects and expect to take that investment down going into 2012.
Craig Berger – FBR: Last question – sorry. Did you guys actually say whether you thought Q1 might be up? I mean, I know you’re not guiding that yet, but what are your thoughts there?
Mark Thompson: So Craig, we aren’t guiding it; but let’s talk about the moving parts. So if you look historically, we’ve never seen—we’ve got POS data going back to around 2002, so almost a decade of POS data. We’ve never seen three sequential reductions in point-of-sale in all that time through all the various cycles, so with a sharp POS reduction in Q3 and another one in Q4, it would be unprecedented to see other than a step-up in the first quarter. Not to say it can’t happen, but it would break precedent in order to do that. If you look at the fill patterns that we’re seeing, we are seeing normal fill patterns in the first quarter, which is to say that it matches the rough demand for the end markets. And so obviously if you look at the aggregated end markets for all the various places that our products go, they aren’t down anything like this; in fact, they’re in reasonable shape. So if you tie it to that end demand, the real driver—again, you have to conclude that either the end markets will have to go sharply down or the revenues will have to catch up. And so again, if you look at that, that partly informs our decision to aggressively make sure that our inventories are in line, particularly in the channel, which in turn should allow us to at least follow POS back up again in the currently likely event that it will go up in the first quarter. And again, we see the direct business also filling very naturally and nicely in the first quarter as well. So all those things would point to it being more likely than not that we would see the beginnings of our recovery in the first quarter.
Dan Janson: And Craig, this is Dan. Just one other thought here, too – we are draining a fair amount of inventory—at least, that’s certainly what our plan is for the fourth quarter; and of course, you have to recognize that if we don’t drain inventory in the first quarter, even if POS doesn’t go up, it’s going to look like revenue growth, right, because we can now ship more in line with consumption. So keep that in mind as well.
Craig Berger- FBR: What’s the disti inventory burn in Q4?
Dan Janson: Well, that’s the question. What we’ve laid out for you is a pretty substantial burn. We’ve talked publicly about something on the magnitude of $20 million-plus.
Craig Berger – FBR: Thank you.
Operator: And now we’ll hear from Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Good morning. Where do you think the trough is on your utilization rate based on the trends that you described and your current visibility, but also taking into account your internal inventory base position, because I think you’re back to a level exiting this quarter that is the highest since Q2 ’09? And the secondary question would be what is your target in terms of internal inventory base by end of this year?
Dan Janson: Hi Tristan, this is Dan. So we are at about 80% utilization at the end of Q3. We would expect utilization to probably dip a little bit lower in Q4 as we continue to drain inventories. As Mark indicated, we would expect it to trough out in fourth quarter for utilization because we would expect to get our inventories where we want them by the end of this quarter. Internal inventories, we’re probably, as Mark said in his comments earlier – Mark Frey – we’re probably looking at one to two quarters to get that back where we want. Partly it will be from actually lowering inventories and partly it will be because kind of normal sales growth that we would expect in the first half of next year.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Okay, so basically at this level, would you say that you could come back to, let’s say, high 70s inventory base by when? Is that a target that you think is achievable by Q1? I’m assuming it would certainly not be achievable by end of this year. Just wondering if that could have an additional impact on your utilization rates, even if you’re seeing a little bit of a rebound in terms of shipments to distis in Q1.
Dan Janson: Well I think, as I said, one to two quarters, so we’ll make some progress in fourth quarter on internal inventories. We’ll make a lot more progress in Q1, likely, with a little more of a tailwind from sales. So that should get us where we need to be. Low 70 or in the 70s, that would be great. We target closer to 80, so anything around 80 from where we are right now, I think, would feel pretty comfortable for us.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
Operator: And now we’ll go to Venk Nathamuni with JP Morgan.
Venk Nathamuni – JP Morgan: Hi. Thanks guys for taking my question. Mark Thompson, you laid out the case for how the cycle is different from the downturn in ’08, early ’09; and you already talked about utilization rates going down a bit for the next quarter. But if I compare the ’09 number, utilization was down to about 50%. Do you expect a similar fall in utilization rates in fourth quarter, or do you think it’s going to be more in the 70% range?
Mark Thompson: We haven’t quantified it, in part because we aren’t sure ourselves yet. We’re still refining the build plan, but we would expect the pullback—the reduction in utilization in the fourth quarter won’t be that great; and I mean, certainly the utilization in the first quarter of 2009 was unprecedented. So we expect it to be trimmed but not drastically cut.
Dan Janson: Venk, one to consider – as Mark mentioned earlier when we talked about the difference between this cycle and the recession, what we didn’t see in the 2008-2009 timeframe was order fill into the current quarter plus one and current quarter plus two, effectively ordering stock across all time horizons. So that’s a very different situation from a manufacturing perspective because obviously what we’re building today is what we expect to ship next quarter and the quarter after. So in this case, we are getting a normal fill projection for Q1 – you know, it’s kind of following our normal pattern. So that’s really what we’re using to judge what we want to load in our factories in Q4, so we have better visibility now.
Venk Nathamuni – JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks, Dan, for that color. And then a question for Mark Frey – you talked about cost reductions. If you were to put them in buckets in terms of what is temporary and what is permanent, could you help us understand what the cost structure is going to be in 2012? Thanks.
Mark Frey: So in terms of how we would face something like that as the cycle progresses, obviously the first actions you take are on discretionary items such as recruiting, headcount additions, vacation time taken, travel, outside services, et cetera. And that’s kind of driven us from the high 90s to the low 90s, and we think that’s sufficient for our expectation of how the cycle would play out. If things become more severe, then you talk about taking heads out, you talk about taking out—we took out vacation benefits in the last cycle. We eliminated 401 matching. We did not do a merit, et cetera. We converted all variable compensation to a stock program, et cetera, and that would be the next phase. Obviously, we know how to do that. We can put those plans in place if we see that the external environment requires them, but we don’t see that currently in our view of the business.
Venk Nathamuni – JP Morgan : Okay, thanks Mark. And if I may, just one last question – any inventory write-downs, and if so, what the dollar amount is? And also, what is the view for pricing as you look forward to the next couple of quarters? Thanks.
Mark Frey: We had a slightly higher inventory write-down in the quarter as inventories went up a bit, which was maybe a 25 basis point impact on the normal trends that we’ve been seeing. In terms of pricing, as I said earlier, it was a bit less than seasonal in Q3. We expect that to continue at sort of seasonal. There’s anecdotes of some very vicious price negotiations out there, which you would expect in this cycle; but overall, I’d say that our peer companies and ourselves have been fairly disciplined in terms of moving prices at a time like this.
Venk Nathamuni – JP Morgan : Perfect. Thank you very much, everyone.
Operator: Moving on, we’ll hear from Suji de Silva with ThinkEquity.
Suji de Silva – ThinkEquity: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So I don’t know if you clarified specifically the disti inventory level in terms of weeks now versus target and where you think it would be in the fourth quarter.
Dan Janson: Hey Suji, this is Dan. So we are a little bit north of nine weeks. Our target is 7.5 to 8.5 weeks, so we are a bit above our target. Obviously we are working and assuming, based on our shipping plans compared to what our distribution customers are forecasting for POS, to have a pretty substantial inventory drain. Now, the POS part is a variable that isn’t as easy to quantify and forecast this far ahead of time, but that’s what we’re planning on; and where that will land and the number of weeks, we’ll make some pretty good progress, we think, in fourth quarter getting ourselves back to that target level. And as Mark said, we feel like whatever we do coming out of the end of this year, we should have effectively no overhang for inventory going into the first quarter.
Suji de Silva – ThinkEquity: Okay. And then on the end market side—the mobile analog segment rather, up double digits. How much of that do you think was end market versus share gains, and do you expect to sustain above-market share gains through 2012 in mobile analog? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: So that’s a hard question to answer. It’s easier to track on an annual basis than on a quarterly basis, and we certainly are seeing steady share gains if we look cumulatively in 2011 versus 2010. We’ve clearly got gains in the smart phone space. Certainly our plans expect us to continue to do that. That, of course, is laid onto a growing market, and growing in two different ways. Obviously one is the phones themselves are growing at double digit pace; but equally significant that the architectures are being carried over into the tablet space by—all the serious contenders in the tablet space are largely carrying their smart phone architectures with bigger batteries and a few more features into the tablet space. So it’s a two-for in terms of how you look at the gain, and it’s that architecture reason why we actually aggregate tablets with smart phones rather than with traditional Intel generic notebooks.
Suji de Silva – ThinkEquity: Thanks for the color, Mark.
Operator: And now we’ll go to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Yeah, thanks for taking my question, guys. You mentioned earlier in your prepared comments you’ve never seen two—more than two consecutive quarters of distribution point-of-sales being down sequentially. Can you just remind us what the average peak to trough declines have been through past cycles, and maybe what it was in ’09 and how this compares?
Mark Thompson: So we actually didn’t compile that data, but the trough in 2009 was the most extreme trough we’ve seen that went down to around 200, was the number—again, put a bit of an error bar on these numbers because I’m reciting them off the top of my head. But I think 200-ish, which would have been down—you know, if you backed—so that was Q1 of 2009. If you backed up to the previous peak, it would have been in the high 200s at that point, let’s say. So that would be the most extreme we ever saw; and average, I don’t have, but I see Mark Frey here furiously working with his calculator, so he may have one shortly.
Mark Frey: The ’08-’09 was around 37% over a two-quarter period. All prior, call them supply-related cycles, I haven’t calculated them but it would be in the 10%--
Mark Thompson: Yeah, 10 to 15%, I think, would be a typical one. So this one is actually a more severe than average, depending on whether you throw highs and lows out of your average or not. But this is an above-average inventory cycle but nothing like 2009.
Mark Frey: So we’ve built in in the high teens, basically.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: And guys, the other question I have for you – earlier in the year with the Japan earthquake, we were all struggling to figure out both the direct and indirect exposure that companies had to that. We’ve now got kind of a similar natural disaster in Thailand. I’m kind of curious – indirect, direct impact that you guys foresee, and has that already been embedded into your guidance for the December quarter?
Mark Frey: Well, we haven’t mapped the process, primarily I believe, on semiconductors, the impacted party. But it’s certainly not in our guidance because it just happened. We have yet to map what exact product specs are affected and whether that’ s going to have an impact on us or not.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks guys.
Dan Janson: And of course, John, we don’t have any manufacturing assets in Thailand, so it wouldn’t be anything that would impact us directly. It would be through a customer of some sort. 
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Got it. Appreciate it.
Operator: And now we’ll hear from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Great, thanks guys. If I heard correctly, I think you indicated the March quarter is a 14-week quarter; and if that’s the case, should we just add revenue and expenses sort of on an equivalent (inaudible) basis, or is there something about Chinese New Year or new year that means more holiday days that we wouldn’t add as many expenses or revenue?
Mark Thompson: No in general, Steve, I’d take what you would have done for 13, divide it by 13, multiply by 14 revenue, (inaudible), et cetera.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Okay. And then with regard to the 8-inch—Mark Frey, I think you indicated you expected a one percentage point impact for two quarters. Is that Q4/Q1, or is it more Q1/Q2?
Mark Frey: Ask the question again, Steve? I’m sorry.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: I think you indicated that there was about a one percentage point impact to gross margin from the 8-inch, and you expected to have that hit you for another two quarters. I was just curious if those two quarters you were referring to were calendar Q4 and calendar Q1, or is it Q1/Q2?
Mark Frey: Q1 and Q2 of next year, and then it will tail off towards the second half of 2012.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James:  Okay. Great. And then with regard to OEM demand, you guys indicated it was up a little bit. With that said, you guys have been gaining share on that MCCC business in (inaudible). Some of the customers you have there – Apple, for example, or I’m assuming Apple – is obviously doing very well, unusually well. So if you sort of back that out, would you say OEM demand is more slightly below seasonal, or how should we think about that excluding your share gains and unusual customer success?
Mark Thompson:  You know, Steve, it’s really hard to answer that question. You’ve highlighted that certainly a couple of—you know, the top two smart phone players have done extraordinarily well, and we’ve clearly benefited from that. On the flipside, we also have some very large customers that are seeing some inventory burn-off as well, particularly in the appliance space, which several of those are aggregated into our direct business. So there’s a number of puts and takes that go into that, and I wouldn’t be prepared to declare whether it was better than, typical, or worse than seasonal.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Okay. Last question is just as I look at gross margin by segment going into Q4, I’m sure you won’t guide specifically but just color-wise, would you expect MCCC or PCIA or your spare parts business to suffer—which one would suffer the most gross margin loss, which one would be the strongest?
Mark Frey: I would expect the PCIA would be impacted the most because that’s where we’re going to be constraining our shipments and our load plan the most.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And now we’ll hear from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks for taking my question. Just wondering as the market comes back and as demand returns, do you think there’s going to be any change in distribution—I know you say your target is 7.5 to 8 weeks of inventory, but do you think they’re going to start running at lower levels of inventory going forward?
Mark Thompson: It’s a little hard to answer that, but I don’t think that there’s a lot of opportunity to take the overall inventory level down much more than—we set them jointly with our distribution partners that are really targeted at maintaining service levels. So if you look at it, we’ve got about 9,000 part numbers that go through distribution into a wide range of end applications, and so it looks one way on a dollar turn but if you start to look at all the combinations of line items, it becomes pretty difficult to maintain good service levels and availability, which of course is one of the things that distributors offer, as you dip much below 7.5 weeks. So we’ve conducted some experiments—you know, certainly with fulfillment distribution, smaller numbers of part numbers, more concentrated end markets, you can run with lower levels. But with the very fragmented industrial marketplaces, I don’t think there’s much precedent for anybody running those lower than 7.5 weeks.
Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So it’s more tied to your throughput than coming out with a product? Is that why eight weeks is about right, or--?
Mark Frey: It’s tied to our supply chain’s capability to provide service levels, and the tools get better all the time but you hit a complexity point at 7.5 weeks where, when you go below that, you’ve got your main items turning every other week at that point. And then your core inventory still has, you know, a lot of fairly slowly moving parts. As Mark would say, that’s the classic 80/20 rule that you hit up against.
Dan Janson: Hey Kevin, this is Dan. Just another thing to consider – you know, we just went through a couple of natural disasters here. Certainly the Japan one was one that was a tough one for the supply chain, and the fact that there was inventory out there was why we were able to manage this one pretty well. I suspect to the extent that we have any issues around this flooding in Thailand, I think the same would hold true there as well. There are real valid reasons for having a certain amount of inventory in the channel, and it’s a pretty valuable part of the supply chain so it’s been working pretty well, I think.
Kevin Cassidy – Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, thanks for clearing that up.
Operator: And now we’ll hear from Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Good morning everybody, and thank you. I want to go back to a question that I think several people have tried to get you to answer, but I’m going to take another stab at it. The inventory draw-down in the channel, the sell-ins versus sell-out that you try to manage and the OEMs – you put all those dynamics together, you’re guiding down 11% roughly at the midpoint. Is the industry going to be down, just because the fertile only dynamics have you down 11% (audio interference) 7%--you know, 6, 7% in the December quarter?
Mark Thompson: So Brendan, by industry, do you mean the end OEMs or do you mean the semi--?
Brendan Furlong- Miller Tabak: The semi—call it your analog peers, let’s say.
Mark Thompson:  I can’t comment on any other business than Fairchild. I just don’t have any data.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Okay. 
Mark Frey: It’s a function of both what happened in Q3 and what happened in Q4, so you pretty much have to look at context for everybody.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Okay. Another question I have was assuming my European cousins don’t blow us all up in the next couple of months and we don’t go into an ’08-’09 cycle, do you think the current cycle we’re going through is like ’03-’04, or is it like the 2006 inventory correction?
Mark Thompson: So my experience of cycles is that there are no two cycles that look the same, and so there are some characteristics that can be similar, but—we do a lot of analysis on historical cycles and every time we do, what we see is that each one has its own new manifestation. And so based on that, I’d say that this will be its own cycle that will become a part of history, and then the next one will be new again.
Dan Janson: Brendan, this is Dan. One thing that I would add is that we do know from history is that typically cycles, no matter how bad they are, even to the 2008-2009 recession, they get cleared out in two quarters. So it isn’t that they take longer for resales to be down and correct; it’s that the severity of the drop changes. So what we’re dealing with right now is, as Mark characterized I think quite accurately, a little more than a normal supply type correction; but the longevity, the period that resales are actually down looks like it’s following the same old pattern. It’s the first quarter, it’s kind of the recognized reality – everybody’s trying to get their head around why things are falling. The second quarter of the correction is when everybody is now onboard and they’re making the hard production cuts to get inventories down, and then you start to see the recovery. You start to see POS start to accelerate again. So it isn’t so much that the bigger corrections or the recessions last longer; it’s just that there are more severe drops.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Understood. I guess my last question is on two end markets, handsets and appliances. On the handset side, typically your Korean customers take inventory down in the December quarter and then kind of start to rebuild in Q1. Do you expect to see the same thing this time around? And then secondly on the appliance side, typically the appliance OEMs seasonally start to kind of replenish the channel and start to build in Q1. Do you expect your appliance business to see the same thing in terms of seasonality this time around as well?
Mark Thompson: So two things. First is that for handsets, the Q4 is normally not a time when people adjust inventories. Q1 is actually more typical for when people will adjust inventories, and there doesn’t seem to be a nationalistic element to that. That seems to be generally true of all the major global handset makers. But if you look at appliance, particularly air conditioning, Q1 is strong and we are seeing an order trend so far for Q1 that’s consistent with that.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: So Samsung usually takes—forgetting the geographic aspect of it, Samsung usually adjusts their inventory into the end of the year and then kind of rebounds in Q1. Are you expecting the same dynamic this Q4?
Mark Thompson: So if you look at—it would depend on the product segment. The three major places that product like ours would go into a Samsung – you know, handsets, appliances, and then large displays, for example – each have their own distinct inventory cycle which would be—the handset would typically be pulled back, actually, in Q1 from an inventory point of view. The appliance would typically have a build in the first quarter, and there is not an obvious seasonality, at least that I’ve observed, to display.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Great. Thanks a lot.
Dan Janson: Thanks, Brendan. We have time for one more question, Operator.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Craig Berger.
Craig Berger – FBR: Hey guys. Can you—thanks for the follow-up. Can you just refresh us on your fab transition? Which 6-inch facility are you closing? Which 8-inch facility are you ramping? Where are you in the transition, and what are the gross margin benefits as we look into 2012?
Mark Thompson: So if you look at—during 2011, we completed conversion of our main fab to 8-inch and closed the 6-inch line during the third quarter. We are seeing the benefits of that now, and obviously that will be a full-year benefit that’s reflected in the improving margins in the mobile space, because that fab largely maps into the mobile space and is now complete. If you look in Korea, the next one is not actually an 8-inch conversion; it’s installation of a brand-new 8-inch facility in Korea. There we’ve had a number of—it’s actually multiple fabs on one site. There’s a 4-inch fab, there was a 5, there’s a 6. We’ve closed the 4-inch, or in the final stages of closing the 4; are adding the 8-inch, which will come online during the middle of the year, and begin to ship but materially probably won’t advance margins until 2013. The potential for improved margins is the rolling off of the period expense that Mark mentioned, which should happen pretty sharply the middle of next year. We are in the middle of a conversion of our Sault Lake fab, which we are going to be turning on our first 8-inch line there for production during the first quarter, and would expect that to begin to benefit us in the second quarter and then across the year. And then the rate at which we convert, we flip the other sixes, will be determined by strength of end market and so forth. So those are sort of the big moving parts associated with some of our fab conversions.
Craig Berger- FBR: Thank you for the detail.
Dan Janson: Great, well with that, we’ll conclude our call today. Thank you for you interest in Fairchild.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Keith Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC Donald Colvin - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of SCI LLC and Executive Vice President of SCI LLC Ken Rizvi - Vice President of M&A, Real Estate & Investor Relations and Treasurer
Analysts: Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ON Semiconductor Second Quarter Financial Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ken Rizvi. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Rizvi: Thank you, Tiffany. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Donald Colvin, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website, at onsemi.com, and a replay will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the second quarter. The script for today's call is posted on our website, and will be furnished via a Form 8-K filing. Our earnings release in this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. In the upcoming quarter, we will be attending the Pacific Crest Technology Forum on August 9; the Citi Technology Conference on September 7; and the Deutsche Bank Securities Technology Conference on September 13. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, expect, plan or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors relating to our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our earnings release, Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the SEC. The company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other factors. Now let's hear from Donald Colvin, who will provide an overview of the second quarter results. Donald?
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Ken, and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the second quarter of 2011 were approximately $905.8 million, up approximately 4% from the first quarter of 2011. Excluding SANYO Semiconductor, ON Semiconductor historical revenues were up approximately 7% sequentially to approximately $631.5 million in the second quarter. During the second quarter of 2011, the company reported GAAP net income of $41 million or $0.09 per fully diluted share. The second quarter 2011 GAAP net income included net charges of $73.4 million or $0.16 per fully diluted share from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings release. GAAP gross margin in the second quarter was 29.4%. Included in our GAAP gross margin is approximately $53 million of special items, approximately $31 million relates to the expensing of noncash manufacturing expenses associated with our SANYO Semiconductor acquisition, and approximately $22 million relates to the expensing of upraised inventory fair market value step up. Non-GAAP gross margin in the second quarter of 2011 was 35.2%. Second quarter 2011 gross profit and net income were slightly less than anticipated due to a more adverse impact from the March 2011 earthquake and resulting tsunami in Japan, and manufacturing cost increases from commodity prices and foreign currencies. For SANYO Semiconductor, fab manufacturing activity was approximately 70% of the pre-earthquake second quarter manufacturing forecast. In addition, since the third quarter of 2010, commodity and foreign currency headwinds have impacted total company gross margins by approximately 200 basis points. Second quarter 2011 non-GAAP net income was $114.4 million or $0.25 per fully diluted share. We exited the second quarter of 2011 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $868.8 million, a record for the company. At the end of the second quarter, total days sales outstanding were approximately 58 days, down approximately 2 days compared with the first quarter of 2011. Internal inventories were down approximately 3 days to 107 days. Internal inventories are still elevated primarily due to the elevated inventories acquired as part of the SANYO Semiconductor acquisition. Included in our total internal inventory is approximately $14 million of bridge inventory associated with the shutdown of our factories. At the end of the week, we will shut down our remaining fabrication facility in Phoenix. With this closure and the related production move to our site in Malaysia, we expect incremental cost savings of approximately $2 million per quarter. Distribution inventories in the second quarter increased as expected to approximately 11 weeks exiting the quarter. We expect to see distribution inventory dollars decrease in the third quarter. Cash capital expenditure during the second quarter were approximately $85 million. We currently anticipate total expenditures for 2011 of approximately $340 million, which includes SANYO Semiconductor. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Don. Now for an overview of our end markets. During the second quarter of 2011, our end-market splits were as follows: The consumer electronics and market represented approximately 27% of sales. The automotive end market represented approximately 20% of sales. Computing end market represented approximately 20% of sales. Industrial, military aerospace, and medical end markets represented approximately 20% of sales. And the communications end market, which includes wireless and networking, represented approximately 13% of sales. On a direct billing basis, no individual ON Semiconductor product OEM customer represented more than 5% of second quarter sales. Our Top 5 product OEM customers during the second quarter were: Continental Automotive Systems, Panasonic, Delta, Samsung and LG. On a geographic basis, our contribution from sales in Asia, excluding Japan, represented approximately 58% of revenue. Our sales in the Americas represent approximately 14% of revenue. Sales in Japan represents approximately 15% of revenue, and sales in Europe represented approximately 13% of revenue during the quarter. Looking across the channels, direct sales to OEMs represented approximately 56% of second quarter 2011 revenue. Sales through distribution channels were approximately 38% of second quarter revenue and the EMS channel represented approximately 6% of revenue. During the second quarter, ON Semiconductor revenues broken out by our product groups were as follows: SANYO Semiconductor products group represented approximately 30% of sales, Standard Products Group represented approximately 20% of sales, the Automotive and Power Group represented approximately 17% of sales, the Digital and Mixed-Signal and Memory Group represented approximately 17% of sales, and the Computing and Consumer Group represented approximately 16% of sales. We will publish our quarterly revenue, gross profit and operating income breakout of these segments in our Form 10-Q for the period. Now I'd like to provide you an update of our Japan operations, as well as other details of the progress we have made during the quarter. As previously outlined, second quarter results were negatively impacted by the March 2011 earthquake and resulting tsunami in Japan. SANYO Semiconductor revenues in the second quarter were approximately $274 million and were slightly better than we had anticipated coming into the second quarter. SANYO Semiconductor monthly sales began to stabilize in the month of May and improved in June. Based on our current visibility, we are expecting to see some modest growth in the SANYO Semiconductor revenues in the third quarter of 2011. Thanks, in large part to great efforts and teamwork of our employees, all of our factories in Japan were capable of full production during the second half of May. Semiconductor manufacturing cycle times, however, have a lag between when the factories can begin full production and when those final products can be shipped to customers. While we anticipate modest sequential growth for SANYO Semiconductor, it will still be lower than normal seasonality, in part, due to this lost production. In response to anticipated supply chain disruptions following the Japan crisis, many worldwide customers built up inventory reserves in the first half of the year. Customers continue to adjust their overall order rates based on the availability of all parts for their system solution requirements. We expect this rebalancing of inventory to continue through the third quarter. SANYO Semiconductor has now been a part of ON Semiconductor for more than 6 months. While we face some unexpected challenges with the earthquake and tsunami in March, we remain excited about the long-term prospects to grow and expand SANYO Semiconductor's products to our global customer base, as well as expand our presence with leading Japanese customers. SANYO Semiconductor was accretive to our non-GAAP earnings in both the first and second quarter of 2011, even taken into consideration the impact from the March earthquake in Japan. We anticipate that earnings for SANYO Semiconductor will improve from the second quarter levels in the second half of 2011. Integration of SANYO manufacturing and business operations continued as planned during the second quarter, with additional progress being made in systems integration, aligning of R&D roadmaps and cross selling of SANYO Semiconductor and ON Semiconductor products to our worldwide customer base. We are pleased with the progress. Close to 1,000 SANYO Semiconductor products are now available on the ON Semiconductor website and price book. One example of a successful cross selling efforts of our sales teams includes a significant design win of a SANYO Semiconductor power device and a North American manufacturer's latest smartphone scheduled to launch this fall. Overall, revenue growth in the second quarter was driven primarily by the growth of our industrial, computing and consumer electronics end markets. Looking forward, we expect continued strong demand for our energy-efficient solutions for automotive, industrial and consumer while[ph] goods, and the expansion of our LED lighting solutions across all market segments. Second quarter automotive sales were down slightly from the first quarter due to lower automotive sales from SANYO Semiconductor. During the quarter, SANYO Semiconductor sales were negatively impacted by the automotive supply chain disruptions in Japan caused by the earthquake in March. In the second quarter, historical ON Semiconductor, which excludes SANYO Semiconductor, saw slight growth in the automotive end market. Contributing to the strength were MOSFET sales into antilock brake systems and IGBT sales in the power train systems and direct gas injection applications for North American, European and Korean customers. In addition, during the quarter, we saw continued strength from our external lighting solutions with our European customers. Based on our current backlog entering the third quarter, as well as new design wins in key automotive systems with expanding content such as LED lighting, power train, safety systems and infotainment, we expect the overall automotive segment to remain stronger than normal seasonality for ON Semiconductor in the second half of 2011. The industrial end market grew by approximately 22% sequentially, driven by growth in the CMOS image sensor business recently acquired from Cypress Semiconductor, as well as continued strength in factory automation and heavy products like motor protection and circuit breaking. During the quarter, shipments of our high-voltage MOSFETs to industrial customers more than doubled from the first quarter. In addition, customer demand for industrial power supplies, controlling and sensing, general lighting and smart meters continued to drive strong sales of our power management and standard products in the industrial end market. In the consumer end market, second quarter revenues increased approximately 3% sequentially. Sales of our standard components in the consumer goods were up approximately 11% sequentially, led by an increased use of our discrete products in home appliances, LCD and satellite TVs. During the quarter, we also secured a significant design win with a major flat-panel TV manufacturer for a platform of DC-DC controllers. The consumer end market holds exciting growth potential for ON Semiconductor in the upcoming years as consumer white [ph] goods and appliance customers move to adopt variable speed motors with inverter power systems. These integrated power modules are designed to improve the energy efficiency of washers, dryers, refrigerators, air-conditioners and other appliances. Variable speed motors with our products help to enable over 50% reduction in energy usage compared to current motor technologies. The integrated power modules and variable speed motor control technologies acquired as part of the product portfolio of SANYO Semiconductor expands the company's offerings to more than $10 of addressable content per unit for energy-efficient white goods. In addition to the integrated power modules, our solutions include power supplies, user interface and communications chips linking appliances to the Smart Grid. Paired with ON Semiconductor's strong customer relationships with leading, global appliance customers, we are well-positioned to capitalize on this market opportunity. The computing end market revenues were up slightly from the first quarter, driven by demand from emerging markets, as well as demand from the corporate PC market. During the second quarter, we continued to see strength from our sixth generation of the VCore controllers and drivers, and began shipping our latest AC-DC PWM controllers for several notebook adapter customers. In addition, during the quarter, we saw growth from designs into more than 10 tablet platforms with products ranging for protection devices and power management solutions to audio and system interface solutions. In the communications end market, which includes wireless and networking, revenues were up slightly compared to the first quarter of 2011. Continued penetration of the smartphone market remains a primary growth strategy for the company. During the second quarter, we continued to ramp power management products, accelerometer interfaces and clock management products to leading handset customers. We are also first-to-market with an MHL interface solution capable of delivering 1080p video. In addition, during the quarter, we began to ramp our integrated passive devices with a major mobile phone power amplifier module manufacturer. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Donald for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance. Donald?
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Third quarter 2011 outlook. Throughout the month of July, end market conditions have deteriorated. While we believe we are prepared to support higher growth of higher demand material ICs, given the more challenging global economic climate, we are planning for a broader range of revenue guidance in the third quarter of 2011. Based upon order booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $895 million to $925 million in the third quarter of 2011. Backlog levels for the third quarter of 2011 represent approximately 90% of our anticipated third quarter revenues. The company continues to face the adverse cost impact from the weak U.S. dollar and stronger commodity prices. Any continued strength over current rates in currencies including the Japanese yen, Malaysian ringgit, Philippine peso and Czech Republic kroner will continue to negatively impact our manufacturing cost. Accordingly, we believe it will be difficult to improve on our non-GAAP gross margin percentage in the third quarter. We expect the average selling prices for the third quarter of 2011 will be flat-to-down approximately 1% compared to the second quarter. We expect total cash capital expenditures of approximately $85 million. For the third quarter of 2011, we expect GAAP gross margin of approximately 33% to 35%. Our GAAP gross margin in the third quarter will be negatively impacted from among other items, expensing of appraised inventory fair market value step up associated with our acquisitions of approximately $10 million. We expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 34% to 36% in the third quarter. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $200 million to $205 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to total approximately $15 million.  We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $185 million to $190 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $21 million for the third quarter of 2011, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $12 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $8 million to $10 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $7 million. We also expect stock-based compensation expense of approximately $12 million in the third quarter, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our current fully diluted share count is approximately 460 million shares based upon the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: I guess my first one on gross margins, Don, I want to make sure I understood. You said that the commodity FX hit gross margins by 200 basis points in the June quarter. Was that sequentially or over what time period? If not sequentially, I guess relative to guidance, what fell short?
Donald Colvin: That was over the last 12 months before we've estimated that hit, John. Compared to the guidance, essentially, the major delta came from the impact of the earthquake in Japan. And the earthquake hit us before we closed our first quarter and we had limited visibility of the earthquake. To be perfectly frank and honest, I think we were just too optimistic on the impact to our manufacturing and when I do a little bit of forensic rework, the numbers that we guided to were too high and the impact was more severe, particularly on the manufacturing activity in the front end where we lost, as I mentioned in the call, significant amounts of production, which in an environment where you have a high fixed cost, has a very high percentage impact on end recoveries and on the P&L. So that was essentially the major miss. And also, again, we were not helped by the weakening dollar and increased commodity prices. But the major delta was clearly an underestimation of the negative impact of the earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: And then guys, maybe as my follow-up, Keith, with the wider-than-normal kind of revenue range for the September quarter, I'm kind of curious, any lingering impact from Japan that's driving that wider range or is this all uncertainty being kind of driven by the macro? And from a bottoms-up perspective, if you hit the low end versus the high end, where do you think the biggest differential for swing factors are?
Keith Jackson: Yes, I think it is mostly reflective of uncertainty of the end markets. There's, very clearly, a lot of questions right now on just how robust the consumer builds will be for the fall and the take-up rates as a result of that. So I think it's really a macro thing. In Japan, there is some questions, to this point, we've talked about customer inventory balancing, where they were unable to get certain types of products and others were available, and what impact that will have, but the bulk of it is just macro uncertainty.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christopher Danely of JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: If you could just give us your rundown on the end market outlook for Q3. And then if you could further break that down by assessing what is your opinion on inventory versus demand in each.
Keith Jackson: Okay. We would expect, as you can see from the guidance, it's slightly up from the previous quarter, so there's no major markets that we expect to drop. We're expecting to see some relative moderate performance in automotive. The traditional ON side should be flattish to up a bit. The SANYO side is one of those macroeconomic uncertainties because that was targeted all at Japan automotive manufacturing. So give or take there, it's nothing dramatic going on. Industrial, I think, still has some strengths to run. It may, again, be one of our strongest -- stronger sequentially performing segments. There is still a pretty good demand for energy-efficient electronics, making a differentiation in replacement in the marketplace. And that actually could be a positive in Japan where there's a lot of focus right now on energy efficiency. So that one is probably going to be one of the stronger ones. Computing, we normally would see very big pop going into Q3. We're expecting that to be much more flattish. And that is reflecting, at least at this stage, apparent less than seasonal demand from the consumer side of the business. Consumer side, as we mentioned in my script, I think we've got continued opportunity in the white goods for the inverter modules, again, energy-efficiency play. There will certainly be some slight builds in the gaming arena as there normally is, so I would say, a slightly positive bias in that marketplace overall. And then Communications is sending us the most mixed signals at this stage. We think it's relatively flat, but the share swaps in the smartphones and the overall demand for smartphones is one of the macroeconomic uncertainties that I mentioned earlier.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then for my follow-up, is what's happening in Japan, what's happening with SANYO, has that changed your outlook for the SANYO margin ramp over the next 4 to 8 quarters?
Keith Jackson: It certainly has delayed that ramp. Again, we didn't start reaching full production again till just about the end of the second quarter, so we have cycle times in manufacturing that are 3 months or so. So you certainly should expect that to come up slower than we originally anticipated. And of course, we originally anticipated a little better revenues in the early months. But the long-term, meaning 2012, remains completely intact. Our actions we're taking in manufacturing there with consolidations, et cetera, are on track as we presented in earlier meetings.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Kind of getting back to the gross margin side of things, if the SANYO side was the biggest impact in this quarter, how should we think about the duration of that snapping back and said another way, when do you expect to get those 2 points? Is it the fourth quarter? Is it more 2012?
Donald Colvin: Well, I think we'll be stating this that the [indiscernible] compared to guidance was essentially SANYO. But I mean if you look at the gross margin, it was only slightly down compared to the first quarter. So I think we were just optimistic on guidance. That was what I explained. But going forward, we're still going to be faced with this weak dollar, and the dollar has got significantly weaker throughout the month of July, even this week. And that's just having a negative impact on cost. We've got a lot of manufacturing costs in euros, in yen, in ringgit, in pesos and things like that, are all strengthening against the dollar, and that is negatively impacting the manufacturing. So we have taken some cost reduction actions, but I think what we stated on the call, in the script, was we don't expect any big improvements in gross margin until we start to see some of these currency and commodity headwinds reversing. And that's not happening now. So I also think the guidance is slightly -- midpoint of guidance is roughly flat to slightly down, and that's basically our best view today because of the sheer magnitude of these currency and commodity headwinds. And they do have a material impact in looking at what other companies are seeing, they're seeing the same impact on their business.
Keith Jackson: So Ross, we only give guidance one quarter at a time. We should see a more normal situation in Q4 in Japan. Factory should be back up, so you should start seeing some improvement. But to Don's point, the macro environment is not going to be giving us tailwinds, but headwinds, and we don't get the factory closures and consolidations until 2012.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, my one follow-up moving over the OpEx side of things, can you remind us what sort of the cost support you received in the second quarter? How much is remaining? And what sort of savings you expect to create as the SANYO business gets fully integrated?
Donald Colvin: Well, the cost savings in the second quarter and the P&L were north of $30 million as anticipated. And this is running exactly as scheduled. And so as Keith mentioned, the manufacturing programs that we are clearing over the cost reductions, to ensure there's a good hand over, are progressing appropriately. So everything is on plan and we should be exiting the surplus facilities in the middle of next year as anticipated. One point I just wanted to add, in addition to the headwinds, the slower economic demand in the market has meant that we have taken down our manufacturing run rate in the third quarter as well, Ross. And as you know, that doesn't help your end recovery. So that's the other element that we are having to face, is lower manufacturing activity as we adjust our manufacturing run rates to the current outlook.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Craig Berger of FBR.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So I guess, sorry to beat the dead horse here, but what kind of active actions are you guys taking to offset either the currency impacts or the inflationary cost impacts? And where do you get cost efficiencies to offset some of those impacts?
Donald Colvin: Well, I mean we are doing everything we can. We announced the closure of a factory here. We are moving more production inside the company and using subcontractors to a certain extent, we're doing that. And also, we are taking actions on removing gold and replacing it with copper, aggressively doing that. We are looking, as we mentioned, shutting down plants, some manufacturing facilities in Japan. So it's not like our operation guys don't have a big list of to dos. So we are also adjusting our manufacturing run rates so that we don't build inventory and align it with the current lower level of demand that we -- compared to what had previously been anticipated. So these are all the actions, there's a whole list of them, taking some vacation as well in the factories, getting rid of expensive weekend shifts and also pushing out capital expenditures that are not necessary to support current levels of demand. So these are all the actions that we're taking, and this is all baked into our forecast.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then I guess as a follow-up, kind of a 2-part follow-up. Part A, you said you got about $30 million of operational support. How confident are you that you're going to be able to backfill those revenues with operational improvements and can you quantify the impacts of closing your fabs next year? And then the second part of the question is, can you just comment on the industrial demand out there? I mean that seems to be a sector where we're hearing mixed things. It certainly held up strong for a longtime. Is that getting hit by the macro or can that power through it?
Donald Colvin: I'll take the first part and I'll give Keith the pleasure of the second. So I mean as far as the operational support, we've always been very transparent. We have a plan that will reduce costs so that when the operational support winds down as anticipated, the closure of the factories will offset that cost. And I can assure you that this is still the plan we are executing and that we have more cost reductions identified than the operational support that will be withdrawn. So that gives us some safety factor. So we are not concerned that any of the tragic events have derailed our cost reduction plans, and as I say, our manufacturing guys have a full plate, but they're still marching to that program.
Keith Jackson: On the industrial markets, as I mentioned earlier, we do see them holding strong. The macro economy certainly has an impact, but what we've seen is, that there are many firms making the capital investments now to reduce their operating costs. And so our products give them the opportunity to significantly lower their energy costs and that has been holding up very well, both in the industrial segment and in the white goods segment.
Operator: The next question is from the line of James Schneider of Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: One more on the gross margin question, just in terms of the Japan effect and how those higher-cost goods that were manufactured during the earthquake and tsunami are going to kind of fall through the P&L. Is this the case where those higher-cost goods are going to still be lingering in terms of their impact on the P&L into Q4 and Q1? Or they'll be flushed out of the system before that time?
Donald Colvin: Good question. No, that was more of a negative impact in the second quarter, where we had some older, higher-costs finished goods inventory that we had to use to support the revenue, and we didn't have the end recoveries of the lower cost front end wafers and die. So I don't believe that, that will be a meaningful impact from now on and we are looking forward to a better recovery and actually improve margins in our base SANYO business in the third quarter. Nothing too dramatic, but slightly better.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: That's helpful. And then if you could maybe comment on your lead times right now? Where they are today, what they did in Q2, what you expect them to do in Q3? And kind of generally speaking, are they where you want them to be and do you think there's any kind of impact on the customer or in behavior from those lead times today?
Keith Jackson: So the lead times have come down from kind of the high-teens to the low-teens, so there's definitely been a contraction in lead times. There's no question that, that is having an impact in the marketplace on new orders. And again, it has led to some of that uncertainty in the end markets. So how much of it is just new order patterns, how much of it is macro market, how much of it is inventory correction, that's the reason we gave a wider guidance.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Ellis of Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Don, you had mentioned on the last call that you had thought channel inventory would go up in the quarter and it did. What is your expectation for where we exit the third quarter in the channel?
Donald Colvin: Well, thank you for reminding me I got it right. We fully anticipate that the inventory will fall, the channel inventory will fall in the third quarter both on, it should fall on both a dollar basis and on a weeks' basis. And the trends that we're seeing suggest that, that is underway and that's our anticipation.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: And can you say where you'd expect the weeks to stake out at the end of the quarter?
Donald Colvin: Channel basically distribution, and most of our distribution businesses is in Asia, so I think that you can expect -- I mean, I think that clearly was quite a lot of inventory purchase just on the back of the tsunami. And with the current weaker global demand, I think distribution has a relatively good stock of a lot of products and that we would anticipate that they would move to more leaner asset model, particularly, as Keith mentioned, the lead times, production lead times have come in. So I think that we should start to see a reduction in absolute dollars and weeks this quarter.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: And then as a follow-up on the CapEx, I think last quarter the range was $310 million to $340 million for the year, now you're at the $340 million. From the $310 million, what's caused CapEx to go to the higher end of the prior range?
Donald Colvin: Nothing too dramatic. Just the range, we have -- Keith had mentioned, there are some exciting projects we're looking at, particularly a bit of a catch up in things like HIC, inverters, and the SANYO semiconductor. And we have confirmed that we want to invest there. I think that, that is just a normal making sure we invest in the right areas. We have pushed some things out. Clearly, we might not see much of a change in CapEx this year because the pipeline normally has a latency. But what I can tell you is, that first part of next year, it looks like it will certainly not be up over this year and that we have a relatively nice -- we're building a relatively nice amount of capacity cushion compared to current demand levels. But it takes a bit of time to clean out the pipe.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tristan Gerra of Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Could you say what utilization rates were in the quarter, excluding SANYO? And what's your expectation for Q3 as you reduce inventories in the channel? And also embedded in that question, when would you expect your own inventories to get back to the normal low-80s range?
Keith Jackson: So utilization rates, non-SANYO, we're kind of mid 90s in Q2. We'd expect that to go down a bit in Q3, but I don't think it's dramatic in Q3. So maybe toward the low 90s or around 90. So that's the inventory question or the utilization question. On the inventory side, inside, I think we're going to be maintaining a kind of relatively stable numbers coming down a little bit each quarter as opposed to any big correction going forward.
Donald Colvin: A lot of the inventories we called out, some of them -- not a lot of inventory from SANYO and some of that legacy parts and we have a lot of bridge requirement as we closed down the factories. So we want to be cautious there, making sure that we have enough to meet customer demand. So that's something that also doesn't help. We also build up some inventory to facilitate the closure of the facility here that we mentioned. So I think you can expect, as we exit next year, the inventory levels will start to move much closer to our historical average.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And so it's probably fair to assume that even though you expect channel inventories to come down in Q3, that we won't be back to the type of 8-week range that you've had and as such that this could also heavily rid of your headwind on gross margin beyond Q3. And perhaps would you be able to quantify the impact of the lower utilization rates on gross margin for Q3 versus the commodity costs impact?
Donald Colvin: Well, I think the -- as I mentioned to the question from Ross, Tristan, that that is already embedded in our guidance for the third quarter and we don't give our guidance for the fourth quarter. But the third quarter is already digesting the world recoveries to make sure that our inventories are relatively flat and don't grow in absolute dollars over the second quarter. So that kind of range is what we're aiming at and that is embedded in our third quarter guidance. But I think it's also fair to say that we do have offsets because we can reduce costs. But the raw number, clearly, that is a headwind when you reduce manufacturing activity, but we have offset that by pushing over some expenses, reducing some shift work, taking some vacation, et cetera., to offset that, that's included in our guidance.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Caso of Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: I wonder if you could discuss a little more about the impact of the Japan earthquake on both Q2 and Q3. And I guess most of your peers saw benefit to Q2 as their customers were apparently building up some inventory in Q2 and that turned to a headwind for Q3. For you guys, the dynamics seem a little bit different because of the direct SANYO exposure. Perhaps you can go into that a bit and just talk to us about why that wouldn't be perhaps a bigger headwind for you guys in the third quarter.
Keith Jackson: So the second quarter, again, as we mentioned earlier, we were slightly better than we had anticipated. We had enough whip and inventory there to offset some of the issues. But frankly, we did not have a big move to create excess of inventory. So we don't think we built a lot of extra inventory in Q2, meaning, we didn't have any headwinds going into Q3. What we have in Q3 is a minor amount of the demand side with customer rebalancing some things, offset with increased production. And so we're actually expecting, as we mentioned earlier, some increase in sales quarter-on-quarter as opposed to a correction of inventory because we just didn't build the inventory in Q2.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: So basically, just you don't seem to think you saw the same benefit others saw...
Keith Jackson: No, we know we didn't see the same...
Donald Colvin: To be very specific, I mean, our revenue went down and our manufacturing activity went down significantly. And that had a negative impact on the P&L, which is what explained the miss on the earnings, because we didn't have enough experience to model it correctly. If I had to do it again, I would have modeled it with a lower guidance. And both the manufacturing activity and the revenue should increase this quarter. That's what's embedded in our guidance. So we actually got pretty badly hit in the second quarter.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Then just as a follow-up, again, some of your commentary with regard to automotive, it sounds like it's different for the core ON Semi business as opposed to the SANYO business, and that sounds a little different than what some of the others would say. Could you provide some clarification to that as well?  --
Keith Jackson: Absolutely. So the core ON business basically was European, Korea and China. There was very little to no Japan-based automotive business in traditional ON. And we have actually seen very strong demand in China for the high-end European cars, a strong demand in Korea for the Korean cars. And the design wins we've had in North America in the new models has taken a nice step up with our lighting products and some of our energy-efficiency products in the power train. So net-net, we think we're actually gaining share outside of Japan. The SANYO piece was all aimed at Japan, and of course, was the most disrupted with the earthquake. And so that's the dichotomy going on there. So in general, I think we're doing much better than peers outside of Japan and probably very similarly to them in Japan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ramesh Misra of Brigantine Advisors.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors LLC: Donald, in the past, you've said that the weakness in the U.S. dollar has actually helped you, especially in getting market share from some of your overseas competitors. What's the dynamic now and how should we be thinking about share shift versus cost?
Donald Colvin: Well, I think historically, I've made that comment when we were seeing the U.S. dollar weakening against the euro. And as you know, we have some very feisty competitors in Europe where we slug it out, particularly for things like the automotive market. And so that's certainly applied against European customers fighting in Europe for automotive business. But what we have seen, and this is a new event over of the last several years that has accelerated recently, is the dollar weakening against the whole basket of currencies, in particular, against things like the Filipino peso, the Malaysian ringgit and also the Japanese yen where we have a lot of manufacturing cost. And also, our subcontracting costs in Asia rising because of the weak dollar. And then the weak dollar also resulting in speculation in things like gold, and oil and copper, which we are also big users of. I mean, just simply copper, you wouldn't think that we were using a lot of copper, but we were doing the analysis the other day and I think that the increase in the price of copper is costing something like $1 million, $1.5 million a quarter additional cost. So as you know, copper has also got a speculative premium in there and just pay the price of that. Oil is another one, too, because of freight. So the weak dollar really is impacting a lot of our input cost and our lower cost manufacturing costs, which are now becoming higher cost. That's what's hitting us now.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors LLC: Got it. So are your hedging expenses or hedging activity going up? And then the other thing I also wanted you to remind me of is, that the number of factories, both front-end and back-end, in Japan currently and already see that by mid-2012.
Donald Colvin: As far as the hedging is concerned, there's no easy way to hedge for these things because these basically are costs in areas that are -- where the currencies are appreciating against the dollar, and the way to hedge will be to shut the place down and move it to a lower cost place, which by the way, we are looking at. But it's very expensive, these kind of P&L hedging. And normally, companies in our business don't really do much of that and we are no exception. As far as the manufacturing in Japan, I do a quick calculation, we have 1, 2, 3, 4 fab sites and a small assembly test site. So a significant amount of manufacturing and a large part of that, as you probably know, is scheduled to be consolidated during the course of next year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Cassidy of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You had mentioned taking the SANYO products into North America and winning a design there. Just wonder how the progress is or what's the design atmosphere in Japan of taking the core ON products into Japan through the SANYO category?
Keith Jackson: It has been met very well. We have gotten access at very high levels of the customers there we did not previously have access to get. A result of that, we have had a broad package of Standard Products that have been qualified and approved for use there. And we're actually expecting multiple millions of dollars in increased sales in Q4 of the ON portfolio inside of Japan.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And would that be Consumer or is that Automotive?
Keith Jackson: In the Q4 timeframe, it's mostly consumer. Auto really won't follow until next year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Smigie of Raymond James.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Can you actually talk a little bit about linearity of orders through the quarter and into July? I know you said it deteriorated. Would you say that July orders are below June? Is it just some of the back-to-school stuff not materializing or is it [indiscernible] like that?
Keith Jackson: So from a new order perspective, our lead times were coming in very rapidly as we went through July. And so the new bookings, clearly, would have been expected to go down and they usually do in July, anyway. So I don't know what you're exactly going for there, but it's...
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: There are a couple of other companies that said, and said, hey, we're not still seeing back-to-school bookings coming in. I'm just trying to, maybe that's just isolated to them, and that's not maybe something that's impacting you.
Keith Jackson: Yes. I don't think there's a significant impact on us on the back-to-school piece of the equation.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Could you talk a little bit about how you guys are perceiving like a December seasonality now you have SANYO onboard?
Keith Jackson: December seasonality?
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes.
Keith Jackson: It basically increased our consumer footprint, gave us some automotive. But overall, the biggest piece of the business, the change, was more consumer. And so it should look very much like all our consumer businesses, Q4 tends to be flattish to down slightly normally. With the Japan earthquake, I'm not sure that those seasonalities will be protectable, but that's generally what happens in that quarter.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And if I can sneak one last one in, I apologize I missed it, but do you break out the SANYO versus ON in gross margin?
Donald Colvin: No, we give indication, but we don't break it. And I think on the call today, what we did say is that the SANYO gross margin underperformed because of lower manufacturing activity. But we'll give details when we publish the Q.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Parag Agarwal of UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: Just a question about your guidance. If you look at other selling companies like Microchips and Linear, compared to those companies, your guidance are kind of optimistic. So just wondering what is the difference between you guys and them? And if -- I mean, what is the level of confidence you have in your guidance?
Keith Jackson: I think there's a few differences between us and many of our competitors. We are a sell-through company. And as we were mentioning, we think that the distributors will be trying to get their inventories down. And so anybody who sell in is probably under more pressure than we are on their revenue lines sequentially into Q3. And I think that's certainly an impact there. We're pretty confident. We're looking at resale rates. We're looking at the OEM orders that we have. As you also know, we're an unusually company amongst some of the peer group you mentioned in the percentage of backlog we have going into each quarter, which is very, very high. So the simple answer is, we feel pretty good about the numbers, as we always do. And differences from competitors, the sell-through nature of our business, plus the very high level of backlog that we enter the quarter on.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: I apologize, I misspoke Linear and Microchip also as well. But coming to the second question about your Computing business, how would you characterize that business in terms of design wins on standard rates price comp and how do you see that ramping through the remainder of the year?
Keith Jackson: Okay. Let me make sure understand the question. So you're wanting to know the design win rates and changes going into the second half?
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: Yes, but basically on standard rates.
Keith Jackson: No. Those are quite strong from a design win perspective, I mean, all of the design win piece of that phase is pretty much behind us. It's really just ramps in the models that happened in the second half. And so as we mentioned before, that should be a positive for us and maybe one of the reasons we're a little less pessimistic than some on what's called back-to-school, et cetera.
Operator: Thank you for participating. This concludes the ON Semiconductor Second Quarter Financial Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Keith Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC Donald Colvin - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of SCI LLC and Executive Vice President of SCI LLC Ken Rizvi - Vice President of M&A, Real Estate & Investor Relations and Treasurer
Analysts: Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets Canada Bin Jiang Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Vinh - Collins Stewart LLC Craig Ellis - Caris & Company John Barton - Cowen and Company, LLC John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ken Rizvi to begin.
Ken Rizvi: Thank you, Chastity. Good morning, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corp.'s First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Donald Colvin, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at onsemi.com and a replay will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the first quarter. The script for today's call is posted on our website and will be furnished via a Form 8-K filing.  Our earnings release in this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. In the upcoming quarter, we will be attending the Deutsche Bank Semiconductor Conference on May 12 and the Cowen Technology Conference on June 2. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, expect, plan or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. The important factors relating to our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our earnings release Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. The company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other factors. Now let's hear from Donald Colvin, who will provide an overview of the first quarter results. Donald?
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Ken, and thank you to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corp. today announced that total revenues in the first quarter of 2011 were approximately $870.6 million, including SANYO Semiconductor. Excluding SANYO Semiconductor, ON Semiconductor's revenues were up approximately 2% sequentially. If ON were a sell-in company, we would have experienced higher growth in the first quarter.  During the first quarter of 2011, the company reported GAAP net income of $74.8 million or $0.16 per fully diluted share. The first quarter 2011 GAAP net income included net charges of $46.4 million or $0.10 per fully diluted share from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings release. GAAP gross margin in the first quarter was 27.8%. Included in our GAAP gross margin is approximately $70.9 million of special items, of which approximately $50 million relates to the expensing of non-cash manufacturing expenses associated with the SANYO Semiconductor acquisition and approximately $20 million relates to the expensing of appraised inventory fair market value step-up.  Non-GAAP gross margin in the first quarter of 2011 was 36%. This includes historical ON Semiconductor non-GAAP gross margin of 40.4% and SANYO Semiconductor non-GAAP gross margin of 26.5%. First quarter 2011 non-GAAP net income was $121.2 million or $0.27 per share on a fully diluted basis. Total gross margins and net income were negatively impacted by production disruptions and increased expenses associated with the Japan earthquake and resulting tsunami. We currently estimate the negative impact to net income to be approximately $10 million in the first quarter. We exited the first quarter of 2011 with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $766 million, after paying cash to SANYO Electric for the acquisition of SANYO Semiconductor and Cypress Semiconductor Corp. for the acquisition of its CMOS Image Sensor Business unit of approximately $160 million. At the end of the first quarter, total days sales outstanding were approximately 60 days, up compared with the fourth quarter of 2010 due to the acquisition of SANYO Semiconductor.  ON Semiconductor's internal inventory also increased from fourth quarter levels on a days basis to approximately 111 days due to the acquisition of SANYO Semiconductor. Included in our total internal inventory is approximately $402 million of bridge inventory and inventory acquired as part of SANYO Semiconductor transaction. Distribution inventories remained relatively flat at approximately 10 weeks exiting the first quarter, but grew on an absolute dollar basis. Cash capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2011 were approximately $89 million, which included approximately $18 million related to SANYO Semiconductor. We currently anticipate total capital expenditures for 2011 of approximately $310 million to $340 million, which also includes SANYO Semiconductor. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Don. Now for an overview of our end markets, which include SANYO Semiconductor. During the first quarter of 2011, our end market splits were as follows: The consumer electronics end market represented approximately 27% of sales. The automotive end market represented approximately 22% of sales. The computing end market represented approximately 21% of sales. The industrial, military, aerospace and medical end markets represented approximately 17% of sales and the communications end market, which includes wireless and networking, represented approximately 13% of sales. On a direct billing basis, no individual ON Semiconductor product OEM represented more than 4% of first quarter sales. Our top 5 product OEM customers during the first quarter were Continental Automotive Systems, Panasonic, Delta, Samsung and Sony. On a geographic basis, our contribution from sales in Asia, excluding Japan, represented approximately 57% of revenue. Our sales in the Americas represented approximately 15% of revenue. Sales in Japan represented approximately 15% of revenue. And sales in Europe represented approximately 13% of revenue during the quarter. Looking across the channels, direct sales to OEMs represented approximately 60% of first quarter 2011 revenue. Sales through the distribution channel were approximately 34% of first quarter revenue, and the EMS channel represented approximately 6% of revenue. During the first quarter, ON Semiconductor revenues broken out by our product groups were as follows: SANYO Semiconductor represented approximately 32% of sales. The Standard Products Group represented approximately 20% of sales. The Automotive and Power Group represented approximately 17% of sales. The Digital Mixed-Signal and Memory Product Group represented approximately 16% of sales and the Computing and Consumer Group represented approximately 15% of sales. We will publish our quarterly revenue, gross profit and operating income breakout of these segments in our Form 10-Q for this period. Now I'd like to provide you with some details of other progress we have made, as well as provide further color regarding the financial impact of the SANYO Semiconductor acquisition and Japan earthquake. In the first quarter, we closed on the acquisition of SANYO Semiconductor. SANYO Semiconductor reported first quarter revenues of approximately $278 million and positively contributed to our earnings in the first quarter of 2011. Initial joint selling efforts are showing good traction in offering ON Semiconductor products to Japanese customers that were previously beyond our market reach. Established ON Semiconductor customers in the consumer, automotive and industrial end markets are also showing great interest in the new capabilities SANYO Semiconductor has added to our overall offerings, which range from microcontrollers and custom ASICs to integrated power modules and motor control devices. The SANYO Semiconductor division continued to make inroads in the first quarter with efficient power management ASICs for audio applications, USB switching solutions for smartphones and power management solutions for air conditioners. During the first quarter, a key win was secured at one of the largest air conditioner suppliers in China with the company's inverter modules for energy-efficient appliances. The inverter modules represent a new growth area for ON Semiconductor. We will provide further product line details for SANYO Semiconductor when we report our second quarter 2011 results. The integration of SANYO Semiconductor's business operations and manufacturing facilities continued as planned during the first quarter. We expect this process to be completed before the end of next year. As part of our SANYO Semiconductor consolidation plan, we intend to consolidate 3 of their Japan-based front-end manufacturing facilities into one facility and 2 Japan-based back-end facilities into one smaller site. We're also pleased to report that no SANYO Semiconductor or ON Semiconductor personnel were injured as a result of the tragic earthquake and resulting tsunami that occurred in Japan in March. Our 6 Japan-based facilities, 5 of which came with the SANYO Semiconductor acquisition, sustained only minimal physical damage, but did experience production disruptions. Five of our Japanese facilities came back to full production capacity and the sixth factory is ramping towards full production. Infrastructure services such as fuel, electricity, gases, water, chemicals and logistics in Japan continue to stabilize in the aftermath of the earthquake and tsunami. As a risk mitigation strategy, we have identified options for shifting production to other facilities should the need arise to support supply continuity for our customers. In addition to SANYO Semiconductor, we completed the acquisition of the CMOS Image Sensor Business unit from Cypress Semiconductor during the first quarter of 2011. This acquisition positions ON Semiconductor as a leading supplier of ultra high-speed CMOS image sensors. Now I'd like to discuss a few of our end market and product line results for historical ON Semiconductor business units. First quarter automotive sales were up approximately 10% from the fourth quarter of 2010 and up 32% compared to the first quarter of 2010. Sales in China, the U.S. and Europe remained strong. Our overall automotive strategy and newest automotive solutions engineering center in Asia continued to pay dividends. During the first quarter, we won another park assist custom ASIC for our Korean automotive OEM. Additionally, during the first quarter, we added a new leading Japanese car manufacturer for our LIN transceiver as part of our overall in-vehicle networking solution. In the industrial, military, aerospace and medical end markets, revenues grew sequentially in the first quarter by approximately 8%. During the quarter, growth in this segment was attributed to increased production within heavy industrial applications. Sales of our sensor interface products for flow, level and pressure sensing, as well as our factory communication bus products picked up as a result of the expanded investment in factory automation, oil drilling and refinement. Additionally, demand remained strong for our protection high-brightness LED products and standard components for general lighting customers. In the communications end market, revenues in the Wireless segment decreased seasonally due to lower overall unit sales during the quarter. We remain well positioned for growth within the smartphone applications. In the first quarter, we continued to ship our new power and thermal management products for smartphone market, as well as our first micro USB integrated circuits for this segment. Looking to the second quarter, we are expecting to ramp our EMI filtering and chip scale standard products for a number of leading feature phone and smartphone manufacturers. We're also seeing early traction at major mobile phone power amplifier module manufacturers for several of our integrated passive devices. In the computing end market, revenues in the first quarter were better-than-normal seasonality. Sales of our core power management products grew sequentially in the first quarter. Recent power management successes, including the winning of our sixth consecutive generation of VCore controllers and drivers with 2 leading desktop computing customers and recent successes with SANYO Semiconductor's efficient power FET solutions at 2 of our key tablet customers. We've also won designs in more than 10 tablet platforms with product ranging from protection devices and power management solutions to audio and system management solutions. Additionally during the quarter, we shipped our first custom multi chip module developed by our ASIC and MOSFET teams to a leading notebook suppliers which is respected to ramp during year. To maintain our leadership position in power management for the computing end market, we continued to expand our core controller and power stage solutions for every segment, offering high energy efficiency, low-cost turnkey solutions. We are focused on providing products to address energy-efficient power management including buck and boost conversion, audio amplification, circuit protection, thermal management and bus switching devices. Currently, we have approximately $3.50 of addressable content for tablets, more than $8 for notebooks and more than $11 for desktops. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Donald for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance. Donald?
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Second quarter 2011 outlook. While the full impact from the earthquake and resulting tsunami on our customer's ability to obtain all of the necessary parts to build products is not fully understood, based on our current assessment, we believe the effects of the earthquake and tsunami could negatively impact our sales by approximately $50 million and gross profit and earnings in excess of $30 million in the second quarter of 2011. This anticipated impact is already included in our second quarter 2011 outlook. Overall, the underlying demand trends around the globe remain strong with the historical ON Semiconductor business expected to grow sequentially in the second quarter. Despite the headwinds to revenues, gross margins and earnings from increased expenses, supply chain disruption and reduced production, SANYO Semiconductor should once again be accretive to our second quarter earnings. Longer term, after we begin to see a full recovery and stability in the overall supply chain in Japan, we believe we can improve SANYO Semiconductor's gross margins to be comfortably in the low to mid-30% range. Our second quarter 2011 outlook includes SANYO Semiconductor. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $860 million to $900 million in the second quarter of 2011. Backlog levels for the second quarter of 2011 represent over 90% of our anticipated second quarter revenues. We expect the average selling prices for the second quarter will be flat to down approximately 1% compared to the first quarter. We expect total cash capital expenditures of approximately $80 million in the second quarter. For the second quarter, we expect GAAP gross margin of approximately 31% to 33%. Our GAAP gross margin in the second quarter will be negatively impacted from, among other things, expensing of the appraised inventory fair market value step-up associated with our acquisitions and non-cash manufacturing expenses of approximately $45 million. The non-cash manufacturing expense will have no further impact to results after the second quarter.  We expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 36% to 38% in the second quarter. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $198 million to $208 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to total approximately $20 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $178 million to $188 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other will be approximately $21 million for the second quarter of 2011. This includes noncash interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other will be approximately $12 million.  GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $8 million to $10 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $7 million to $9 million. We expect cash taxes to decline in the third quarter to approximately $4 million.  We also expect stock-based compensation expense of approximately $14 million in the second quarter of 2011, of which approximately $3 million is expected to be in the cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our current fully diluted share count is approximately 460 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Christ Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First question. It seems as though your print is a little bit better than the updated guidance during the quarter. Can you just point to a couple of areas that were better than expected from when you updated the guidance?
Keith Jackson: Yes. There were a couple of areas that were better than our updated guidance. One is the amount of product that we were able to ship out exceeded our first fears. We actually did have some pretty good inventory positions which allowed us to make up for most of the revenue during the quarter. As you saw, we showed about $10 million short. So that's a very, very small gap compared to what we originally expected.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then in terms of the impact of $50 million on overall and then $30 million on the gross profit, et cetera, can you guys just detail where that's coming from? Also do you expect that to go away by the time the third quarter rolls around? And do you would expect any of the, I guess, the missed sales this quarter to help the second half?
Keith Jackson: So a lot of questions there, but I'll give you my overall picture. There was approximately, on the SANYO Semiconductor side which does have a significant portion of the sales inside of Japan, there's a combination of customers that do not have their full kit of parts that are postponing their purchases, which would indicate the second half may be better when they get those complete kits in places. And of course, the impact of not having the fabs running full steam at the end of the first quarter, so it's a combination there of capacity -- effect of the capacity and customer demand. On the ON side, there's about a $10 million impact for similar reasons. So we definitely expect that the second quarter will see the majority of this impact. We think there's opportunity for the entire supply chain to recover in the third quarter and fourth quarter, but we certainly are too far away from that to call it at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: In your guidance going forward, can you give us any end market color? Which market do you expect to grow? Are there any big outliers that you expect to be up or down versus the kind of flat to slightly up guidance you gave?
Keith Jackson: If you look at our traditional channels, we're actually up in the 5% to 6% range, so we're seeing or expecting good growth in automotive, in our computing and industrial sectors. So not unlike some of the first quarter strength we saw, clearly, the smartphones will pick up as we go through the year, including second quarter as well. So in general, I would say things are trending up with the exception of the impact directly from the Japan earthquake.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: So is the right way to do just take the revenue shortfall that you're talking about in the second quarter directly out of the SANYO portion?
Keith Jackson: The majority of it. I think 40 of the 50.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: And then the one quick follow-up. How should we think about the gross margin improving from the 26.5% at SANYO that you just reported to that low to mid-30s range, Donald? Is that a linear improvement or are there some stair [ph] stuff and benchmarks that we should be aware of?
Donald Colvin: That probably will improve over time, so I think you can expect it to certainly be moving towards the 30 or plus at the end of the year. And we will work, as we start to get the benefit of synergies and cross-sellings to improve that further next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So Donald, could you indicate what the gross margin in SANYO could be like if you didn't have the impact of the $50 million revenue and the $30 million?
Donald Colvin: Well, I think what we said was the total P&L impact from the earthquake and the tsunami for total ON was about $30 million in the second quarter. And so as Keith mentioned, part of that is traditional ON because we also had a factory in Japan, in Aizu, and that factory has had production difficulties for the reasons that Keith explained. So approximately 2/3 of the P&L impact could be attributed to our SANYO Semiconductor operation and that would give you approximately 6% or 7% of gross margin. And so if you look at roughly where that would take us if we had it back, it would take us comfortably into the oh, 30% range, which we alluded to on the guidance.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And just looking out to your sort of comfortably in the low to mid-30s, you guys typically under promise and over deliver. Is that sort of how should we be thinking this year? I mean it seems like you guys are pretty good at executing or you guys -- so I guess my question is, is there potential for upside to that gross margin outlook there?
Donald Colvin: Well, I think as Keith mentioned, if we see a recovery in the revenue we have lost, which is substantial in the second quarter. If we see that coming back in the second half, then that will obviously accelerate the gross margin improvements.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Last one. Quick housekeeping item. Going forward with regard to the product segment breakouts, will you be continuing to break SANYO out separately or you'll be sort of blending that into the overall mix?
Donald Colvin: We will continue to give you guys the detail of the SANYO separately.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: I just want to make sure I understand. Your commentary on end markets going into the June quarter, did that include or exclude the $50 million impact you see from Japan? I guess maybe another way to ask the question, the $50 million shortfall, what end market is that concentrated in, if any?
Keith Jackson: It is concentrated predominantly in consumer. That would be the bulk of it. There is some of it that goes into power supplies, but the vast majority is consumer.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: And then Keith, post the earthquake, there's been a lot of conversations on Wall Street on how the earthquake might impact kind of the supply chain, and I guess there's 3 vectors. One, do you think this will force customers to want to hold more inventory? And then secondly and thirdly, there's been conversations about is this an event that will allow certain companies to gain share or lose share as customers think about diversification of supplier base and geography. And I'm just kind of curious when you look at the situation, what your view is on the puts and takes around potential share gains or share losses now that you've acquired SANYO?
Keith Jackson: We are seeing a large number of the customers in Japan looking for alternative sources, including wherever they can cross on the ON products produced outside of Japan. So we're definitely seeing activity for qualification to expand the supply base in Japan. We think this is a good thing certainly for our overall corporation. We have a lot of strengths to add to that. But to the extent that there is the capacity and the ability to quickly qualify, there certainly could be share gains coming. It will be, again, a good thing, I think, for the overall company, but that's possible. The other side to remember is that generally companies are much slower to qualify new components into their electronics. So this may not be a quick process. But I would guess over time, there'd be more diversification of supply based on geography.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Barton with Cowen.
John Barton - Cowen and Company, LLC: Keith, you had talked about consolidation manufacturing in Japan. You're bringing down the number of facilities, et cetera. Could you elaborate on that a little bit? Is it just getting out of the leased facilities? Or will you be vacating some of the ON facilities, potentially taking some cash from selling them over the long term? And then what kind of timeframe we could expect to see that?
Keith Jackson: So on the wafer front ends, we are consolidating into our one factory -- our own factory in Niigata and so that will continue to be our largest factory in Japan. The other ones are on SANYO Electric campuses, and we will let those go to SANYO Electric for disposal. This process will take us into next year certainly, comfortably inside the full year of 2012, perhaps a little sooner than that. But we should see that consolidation in Japan take place over the next year into an owned facility in Niigata.
John Barton - Cowen and Company, LLC: You also touched on your prepared remarks the sales leverage as opposed to acquisition meaning SANYO product of outside of Japan and traditional ON product into Japanese customers. A little more color, if you could, on the gating items there. Is it purely waiting for customer design cycles? Do you expect to see any significant supply line management quals, audits, et cetera to the whole [indiscernible], et cetera.
Keith Jackson: We're already seeing demand move pretty quick on the -- what I call the standard product side. We're seeing qualifications underway and again partially in response to some of the shortages that may have been caused by the earthquake. We're seeing some near-term opportunities, I would say, for the standard products. For the more application-specific products, there will be design cycles required, but we are seeing very strong activity again in getting those products into the evaluation and the engineering teams of our customers. So it's been pretty exciting.
John Barton - Cowen and Company, LLC: But no significant load with respect to the customers having a qual with the facilities in Japan or any strange gating items like that?
Keith Jackson: No, nothing unusual at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Bin Jiang: This is Bin speaking for Terence. When SANYO was acquired, you gave a operational target in the $30 million operating income in 18 months. Could you give us some update on that target? And also the tsunami -- did the tsunami delay or accelerate the profit or the COGS reduction?
Donald Colvin: Well, I think we'd also indicated that due to the redraft of the support from the seller, we would expect to improve upon that 18 month target. And I think it's fair to say that if you strip out the nonrecurring costs, et cetera, that we will be operating at or above the 10% contribution in the second quarter of this year. And this is after the negative impact of the tsunami and we have enumerated what that is. So I think we would have comfortably accelerated and beaten that objective by the second quarter, and we will beat it even after taking into account the negative impacts -- materially negative impact of the tsunami and earthquake.
Bin Jiang: A quick housekeeping question. Is there going to be more restructuring costs and industry write-up for the next quarter?
Donald Colvin: No. There is a bit of residual expensing of an asset. It's a noncash cost. We alluded to that in the earnings. But a large part of the restructuring will be paid for by the seller. So we're not anticipating any big restructuring costs going forward. Maybe some minimal, but nothing too material that I can see. And once we get into the second half of the year, the numbers will be relatively clean with the exception of the fair market value step-up, which in the third and fourth quarter, probably something in the region of $10 million or $12 million. But we're not anticipating any big write-offs. And for those of you who have had the chance to study the balance sheet, you will see that we have included a lot of intangible assets or massive amounts of goodwill on the balance sheet. So I think numbers should be a lot cleaner going into the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ramesh Misra with Brigantine Advisors.
Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin: Donald, first question for you. On your P&L statement, you have a $61 million gain on the SANYO Semiconductor acquisition. Can you help clarify what exactly that is from?
Donald Colvin: The main driver on that gain, Ramesh, was the accounting recognition of approximately $18 million of support from the seller as an asset, and this will be expensed over the first and second quarter. So essentially, that was a main driver of the gain. And a large part of that gain was actually expensed as a noncash manufacturing cost in the first quarter, approximately $50 million, I believe, and the remaining $30 million should be expensed in the second quarter.
Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin: Okay. So you will have a gain again of this nature in Q2...
Donald Colvin: Sorry, Ramesh. We had a gain in the first quarter, which is a bargain purchase gain, and part of that was offset by a noncash manufacturing cost of approximately $50 million. And the remaining noncash manufacturing cost of approximately $30 million for the second quarter, but unfortunately, no more gain.
Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin: I see. Okay. All right. That helps. In regards to your headcount addition from the SANYO Semiconductor business, how much was that?
Keith Jackson: Approximately 6,000 employees.
Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin: And the acquisition price of the Cypress Image Sensor division, have you enumerated what that was?
Donald Colvin: We did not disclose for the normal reasons the full gory details of the transaction. But I think we did state and we can repeat that it was approximately 1x historical revenues.
Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin: Okay. So $30 million or so. Have you paid off SANYO everything that you need to pay them? Or will there be more pavements incurred in Q2?
Donald Colvin: We took on a note from the parent, which we're paying off over time. And so a 7-year note at LIBOR plus 175 basis points. And that's part of our debt liabilities. And we amortize 10% of that every year with a bullet at the end. And on an ongoing basis between now and the end of next year, the server will provide ON with support to execute the restructuring onto price products at market levels. So this will continue, the support will continue, and we will continue obviously to service the ON we received from the seller.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Keith, just back on the product side of the equation, as you look at the PC business, how do you think about market share with Sandy Bridge for ON Semi in 2011.
Keith Jackson: Yes, that should drive continued gains. Our position there is quite strong and that carries from both the desktop to the notebook platforms. So I would expect from a motherboard and onboard power perspective to see continued share gains this year.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Any sense of how significant the share gains would be?
Keith Jackson: I don't know that I can quantify those with the forecast that I have at this point, but we talked about moving up in the desktops comfortably over 50% share, which is where we're at and getting into the 35% or so share on the notebooks.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Nice job on that. Don, on the expense side, as you think about 2Q, one, did Cypress add anything meaningful as we think about your expense outlook? And then beyond 2Q if we think about the business growing relatively seasonally in the back half of the year, how should we think about the expense equation?
Donald Colvin: Well, I think most of our expenses are already baked in to our guidance. And the profile of the Cypress Image Sensor actually fits very well into our historical business. So I don't think we see any earnings dilution either in the gross margin or the operating income coming from that. We are happy it's a business that's got some very good synergistic fit with our existing businesses. So I don't think there's any profound changes there. And early indications are that for the core business, we see continued strength going into the second half and indications are very encouraging for a seasonally strong third quarter. And we continue to prepare ourselves for that. As Keith mentioned, we see strength coming from computing and automotive, and we continue to invest in production equipment, particularly to support our automotive customers who are demanding strongly and requiring continued investment, which we continue to execute.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Okay. That's helpful. And then lastly for me, just on the ASP side. It looks ASPs are trending a little bit better than normal. Is any of that related to the SANYO business and anything that we should be aware of that would be coming up on the calendar? I think the annual OEM renewals are fourth quarter, so that wouldn't be there, but anything notable would be helpful.
Keith Jackson: Yes. We do our annual negotiations. They all show up in the first quarter, so those are behind us for the rest of the year. And we're seeing relative strength in pricing, not enough to take them positive, but much better than normal markets. And again I think some of the disruptions in Japan have kept the supplies tight enough that we should see some stability.
Donald Colvin: Just one additional observation and I put it in the script is that ON Semiconductor is a sell-through company, so we only recognize revenue when it's sold through. So we are encouraged by the start of the year on our traditional business where we did grow slightly our distribution inventories. So our sequential growth would have been higher if we had been a selling company. And so again I think that positions us well for the second half of the year, and we have certainly been very encouraged by the strength, both from our OEM customers and from our distribution customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: Just wanted to get some idea about your lead times and your ability to meet the demand. And I was just wondering other than the impact from the Japan earthquake, were there any delinquencies from the traditional ON operation?
Keith Jackson: Our delinquencies actually continue to come down. We've able to bring those down over the last 3 quarters on a fairly steady basis. Lead times did creep up a little bit to the mid-teens in spite of bringing on more capacity. So as Don alluded to earlier, strong backlog and a strong indication from our customers that the back half of the year will continue to ramp. So we're seeing relative stability in those lead times, but they are up higher than we would traditionally like.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, fair enough. As you're adding more capacity, where is most of the capacity addition coming -- I mean going to? And when do you think your lead times would normalize going forward?
Keith Jackson: From a market perspective, most of it's headed to automotive and industrial. And that's a mixture of both wafer fabrication and assembly test packages. So it is kind of across the board from a location perspective, but predominantly, reflecting the strength in those 2 markets. For the other markets, we are continuing to increase capacity, but it is less of our capital expense.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Last question. Does this mean that going forward, the mix of hardware industry should increase relative to your computing and CMOS? And would that add some tailwind to gross margins as well?
Keith Jackson: We have seen those 2 segments strengthening and the numbers we reported for the first quarter do indicate stronger position in those 2 markets. And they are favorable to the overall company gross margins. So that's a favorable and positive trend as you head into the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Vinh with Collins Stewart.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart LLC: Just a follow-up on the seasonality question as you get into the second half. The way I'm looking at it is you expect SANYO to recover and get back to pretty close to full capacity in Q3, Q4. And also you've talked about share gains where you're going through qualifications with your customers right now and assuming those start to ramp in the second half of the year, is there any reason why you possibly could be better than seasonal going into the second half of the year given those tailwinds?
Keith Jackson: I really think that's going to depend on our customers who are dependent on full kits of products from a variety of sources, making it -- if that ability is there, I think the strength will be there as you suggest. On the ON side our capacity, certainly, will be willing to -- or able to support stronger than seasonal growth. It's really all about the demand side, and I think that's all about getting the entire kit.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart LLC: Okay. Then my follow-up is on geography. I think you've given the splits by regions. Do you have a sense on what your splits are, exposure to Japan is on an end market basis or how much of your products ultimately get sold through in the Japan market?
Keith Jackson: The numbers -- the splits we give you actually are sales into the country. So the 15% of sales in Q1 is what actually gets sold into the country. The more difficult one is figuring out the influence, if you will, for the Japan-based customers on a global basis. We would estimate that to be another 5 points or so basically go to Japan-based companies on a global basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Going back to distribution list, they took more product this quarter. Was that -- are you suggesting that they need to hold more product? Or are they asking to hold more?
Keith Jackson: The answer is yes to both of those things. I think we're much more comfortable with 11 weeks of supply than we are at 10. That allows us to have a more stable supply chain and particularly make up for any kind of disruptions that there is in the supply chain. So our distributors would like to have a little more on the shelf. We're trying to provide that without exceeding our targets because frankly again on a sell-through basis, it does us no good to have extra inventory.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. And the SANYO product, is that going into distribution?
Keith Jackson: The bulk of that is OEM sales. There is some distribution business inside of Japan today. One of the benefits we're going to get in sales expansion is putting that into the ON distribution network on a global basis in the second half of this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Piccioni with BMO Capital Markets.
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets Canada: I had some audio issues, so you might have already addressed this, but looking at the balance sheet, accounts receivable plus inventory minus accounts payable almost doubled from December. Is this reflective of just simple sort of accounting issues associated with the transaction? Does it reflect the nature of the SANYO business being less efficient than use of working capital? And do we expect this to normalize and over what time period?
Donald Colvin: The answer is yes. Most of the changes is coming from SANYO and the core ON was relatively flat. Slight increase in days of inventory, but one day or so pretty flat in payables. But if you look at our overall cash conversion cycle, receivables, inventories minus payables, ON was running about in the low 80s and SANYO was running over 110, and the average is about 94. And so obviously, the Japanese have traditionally had higher levels of inventories and receivables offset with higher levels of payables. And we will probably manage the inventories down over time and use the payables to hedge against the receivables. But the last thing you want to do when you buy a business, an important business in a foreign jurisdiction, is to walk in and start laying down [indiscernible] and payment terms that are out of step with your competitors. So we are being sensitive to that, but what we can certainly work at is as we harmonize the manufacturing base, it's certainly to reduce the inventories and that's something we'll work over the next 2 years. And so you should expect to see the inventory days coming down.
Brian Piccioni - BMO Capital Markets Canada: And it's completely understandable that you would be sensitive to Japanese business practices. Do you have an objective with respect to a target combined cash conversion cycle? Or can we expect kind of a steady reversion to the mean over the next 2 years?
Donald Colvin: I think you can expect the days of inventory outstanding for SANYO, which are well above 100 days and mid-100s, like 150, 160. I think you can expect that, that will come down to 100, 120. And as far as the receivables are concerned, I think as I mentioned, I would be more nervous about being tough on that because it could have a negative impact on our business. And the extended receivables financing is offset by extended payables. So I think that's what you certainly can expect the inventory to come down, a reversion to the mean, over the next 4 to 6 quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Sujee De Silva with ThinkEquity.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: In the inventory comment, Don, is there any inventory left in SANYO that is marked up because of the acquisition that's being worked through, or are we through that at this point?
Donald Colvin: We identified, I think, approximately $50 million to $50 million [ph] or so of fair market mark up -- mark up to market value, which we will be cycling through the P&L in 4 quarters. And I think I alluded to the fact that there will be approximately $12 million of that going through in the third quarter. The total amount, I've got the exact figure here, was $52 million. $19 million was written off in the first quarter, $15 million in the second -- actually $11 million in the third, and $7 million in the fourth quarter. So that's what will be cycled through.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: That helps. And then in your assumption that SANYO's gross margins barely improved, somewhere in there, your forecast assumes some success in the cross-selling. What's the timeframe when you think some of the efforts you're doing now in cross-selling starts to materialize? Is it second half of the year or does it take longer?
Keith Jackson: I think you'll see the first gains in the fourth quarter of the year, but with significant strengthening as you get into next year. And that's a combination of the qualification cycles on the standard products and the design cycle for the new platforms for the application-specific products.
Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity LLC: And lastly, can you tell if SANYO has strong position in the Japan auto market? Or if not, what the opportunities in the next few years, given your strong position in autos outside Japan?
Keith Jackson: They've got a strong position in the auto infotainment market in Japan. Very good position there in that side. I think what together we bring is the total car. And their access to the customers there, we think, gives us a very significant leg up in that process.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Mike McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Donald, just looking -- I know it's a difficult question, but just looking at the $50 million top line impact from the Japan earthquake and obviously the COGS impact, could you just kind of assess the probability that you'll see some type of benefit maybe back in the second half of the year. Is that Q3, Q4? Just for modeling purposes, should we just assume that, that benefit doesn't necessarily come back in the back half of the year?
Donald Colvin: Sure. I think there's 2 components to the dynamic for the second half. One, we'll continue to see strength in the core ON business and so far the signs are good. The core ON business is in excess of $600 million, so any growth in the mid-single digits is a meaningful part of that $50 million we're talking about. And then as far as SANYO is concerned, I think it's fair to say that it looks like there will be continued disruption in July from what we've sold and what our competition sees as well. But certainly going into August and September, we should see a recovery. And so early indications are yes, the low level of activity in the June quarter will be improved upon in the second half. But again there was a tremendous amount of disruption in the supply chain, and that is a major component of the revenue mix as customers have revised down their build plans. And so we're not seeing confirmation of an uptick in these build plans yet. Certainly, it's not unreasonable to simulate some of that. But you think you can appreciate that we are prudent and gaiting strongly to something we have no visibility on.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's ON Semiconductor First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Rizvi - Director of Finance Keith Jackson - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Chris Danely - JP Morgan Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Steve Smidgy - Raymond James John Barton - Cowen Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Sujeeva De Silva - ThinkEquity Parag Agarwal - UBS Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets John Vinh - Collins Stewart Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird Patrick Wong - Wedbush Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to ON Semiconductor fourth quarter earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time simply press star then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question press the pound key. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Rizvi to begin. Please go ahead sir.
Ken Rizvi: Thank you Nicole. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor's fourth quarter and 2010 annual results conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO, and Donald Colvin, our CFO. This call is being web cast on the investor relations section of our Web site at onsemi.com and a replay will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call along with our earnings release for the fourth quarter and the year ended 2010. The script for today's call is posted on our Web site and will be furnished via a Form 8-K filing. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted on our Web site in the investor relations section. For the upcoming quarter, we will be attending the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference on February 15th and presenting at the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on March 3rd. During the course of this conference call we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, expect, plan or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors relating to our business including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the SEC. The company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other factors. Now let's hear from Donald Colvin, who will provide an overview of the fourth quarter and 2010 results. Donald.
Donald Colvin: Thank you Ken and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the fourth quarter of 2010 were approximately $579 million, a decrease of approximately 4% from the third quarter of 2010. During the fourth quarter of 2010 the company reported GAAP net income of $61 million or 14 cents per fully diluted share. The fourth quarter 2010 GAAP net income included net charges of 38.2 million or 9 cents per fully diluted share from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings press release. GAAP gross margin in the fourth quarter was 41%. Non-GAAP gross margin in the fourth quarter was 41.2%. Fourth quarter 2010 non-GAAP net income was 99.2 million or 22 cents per share on a fully diluted basis including stock based compensation expense. We exited the fourth quarter with cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of approximately $765 million, an increase of approximately 203 million from the previous quarter. We also exited the quarter with the lowest net debt position in the company’s history at approximately $123 million. At the end of the fourth quarter total days sales outstanding were approximately 46 days, down approximately two days compared with the third quarter of 2010. ON Semiconductor’s internal inventory increased slightly from third quarter levels on a day basis to 96 days. Included in our total internal inventory is approximately $16 million of bridge inventory related to our announced closure of front end manufacturing lines. Net of the bridge inventory our inventory days would have been approximately 92 days at the end of the fourth quarter. As expected, distribution inventories increased slightly to approximately 10 weeks exiting the fourth quarter. Cash capital expenditures during the fourth quarter were approximately $43 million bringing 2010 capital expenditures to approximately $189 million. We currently anticipate total capital expenditures for 2011 of approximately $250 million. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Keith Jackson: Thanks Don. Now for an overview of our end markets. During the fourth quarter of 2010 our end market splits were as follows. The computing end market represented approximately 23% of fourth quarter sales. The automotive end market represented approximately 22% of fourth quarter sales. Industrial, military and aerospace end market represented approximately 19% of sales. The consumer end market represented approximately 16% of sales. The communications end market, which includes wireless and networking, represented approximately 16% of sales and the medical end market represented approximately 4% of sales. On a direct billing basis no individual ON Semiconductor product OEM customer represented more than 6% of fourth quarter sales. Our top five product OEM customers during the fourth quarter were Continental Automotive Systems, Delta, Ella, Motorola and Samsung. On a geographic basis our contribution from sales in Asia represented approximately 62% of revenue. Our sales in the Americas represented approximately 21% of revenue and Europe represented approximately 17% of revenue during the quarter. Looking across the channels, direct sales to OEMs represented approximately 45% of fourth quarter 2010 revenue. Sales through the distribution channel were approximately 45% of fourth quarter revenue and the EMS channel represented approximately 10% of revenue. During the fourth quarter ON Semiconductor revenues broken out by our product groups were as follows. The standard products group represented approximately 34% of sales. The automotive and power group represented approximately 23% of sales. The computing and (concentered) group represented approximately 23% of sales and the digital and mixed signal product group represented approximately 20% of sales. We will publish our quarterly and yearly revenue, gross margin and operating margin breakout of these segments in our Form 10-K filings for the year ended December 31, 2010. Now I’d like to provide you with some details about the progress we have made. Following the fourth quarter of 2010 we closed on the acquisition of Sanyo Semiconductor. The addition of Sanyo Semiconductor expands both our product portfolio and our global market reach into Japan. The Sanyo Semiconductor portfolio also adds new capabilities to our offerings ranging from micro controllers and custom basics to integrated power modules and motor control devices for the consumer, automotive and industrial end markets. We began our initial dialogue with Sanyo Semiconductor approximately one year ago. Since then we have finalized overall manufacturing, operational and cross selling strategies with their team and are in the execution phase of the integration which will take place over the next 18-24 months. Last week we also signed a definitive agreement to acquire the CMOS Image Sensor business unit from Cypress Semiconductor. We expect this acquisition to solidify our position as a leading supplier of CMOS Image Sensor products. In particular, the two dimensional high speed CMOS image sensors acquired from Cypress should significantly strengthen and complement ON Semiconductor’s existing image sensor products for the industrial, medical, computing and military/aerospace markets. We expect to complete this acquisition during the first quarter of 2011. Now I’d like to turn to our end market and product line results. The automotive end market achieved record sales in the fourth quarter as well as record annual sales in 2010. Fourth quarter automotive end market sales were up approximately 11% while annual sales expanded approximately 48% from 2009. In 2010 growth in the automotive market was fueled by overall unit growth as well as a continued proliferation of electronics into automobiles ranging from entry level to luxury models. This has driven strong demand for our power train, automotive body and safety solutions. In the fourth quarter we also saw continued adoption of our ASIX for parking assistance and position sensors. In addition, during the quarter we received the Semiconductor Supplier of the Year Award from (unintelligible), the largest automotive electronics supplier in China. We are starting to see the early benefits from the opening of our automotive solutions engineering center in China. Looking into the first quarter we believe we will continue to see strength from this end market. Revenues in the industrial, military and aerospace end market grew sequentially in the fourth quarter by approximately 2% and annual sales grew by approximately 35% to record levels in 2010. During the year we saw growth from heavy industrial applications such as factory automation as well as circuit breaking and motor control devices. As we enter 2011 we expect to see continued growth in applications such as smart metering, energy efficient building management products such as lighting control and HVAC and in-building networks such as security systems and fire protection systems. In the fourth quarter the communications end market, which includes both wireless and networking experienced revenue declines of approximately 4% when compared to the third quarter of 2010. In the wireless segment revenue decreased as expected primarily due to lower overall unit sales during the quarter. We believe as we enter 2011 we are well positioned with multiple products for the next generation of smart phone applications. In the fourth quarter we began shipping new power and thermal management products for the smart phone market as well as our first micro USB integrated circuits for this segment. We can now support up to $3.50 per smart phone with a full suite of products including our protection and filtering devices, audio amplifiers, LED drivers, DC/DC converters, USB switches, MOSFETs and medium scale subsystem IC integration devices. In the networking segment quarterly revenues were down slightly compared to the third quarter of 2010. As we look into 2011 we expect to see increased penetration of our custom ASIX and an array of precision clock and timing products as well as the ongoing build out of networking infrastructure in China and India. In the computing end market as expected, we saw fourth quarter revenues down sequentially by 11%. Annual revenues in 2010 however grew by approximately 28% to record levels driven by our continued proliferation of our products such as our energy efficient power management solutions, buck and boost converters, MOSFETs, audio amplifiers, protection devices, thermal products and standard products. We can now support up to $2.50 per tablet, up to $8 per notebook and more than $10 of content for high end desktop computers with our full suite of products. While we experienced a sub-seasonal decline during the back half of 2010 for this segment, we are optimistic that the computer end market related inventory correction is behind us and we expect to see revenues stabilize in the first quarter of 2011. Now I’d like to turn it back over to Donald for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance. Donald.
Donald Colvin: Thank you Keith. First quarter 2011 outlook - based upon booking trends, backlog levels and estimated tons levels, we anticipate that historical ON Semiconductor revenues, which exclude revenue from Sanyo Semiconductor will be approximately $570-590 million in the first quarter of 2011. This revenue guidance is better than normal seasonality and is supported by the backlog entering the quarter. Backlog levels at the beginning of the first quarter represent over 90% of our anticipated first quarter revenues. In addition, based on current trends we anticipate that backlog levels at the beginning of the second quarter of 2011 will be higher than those at the beginning of the first quarter. We expect that average selling prices for the first quarter will be down approximately 1-2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. We expect total cash capital expenditures of approximately $70-80 million in the first quarter of 2011 of which approximately 10-20 million is related to carry forwards from 2010. For the first quarter of 2011 we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 40-41%. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $137-141 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which total approximately $10 million. We also expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $127-131 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $19 million for the first quarter of 2011. This includes non-cash interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $4 million and cash taxes approximately $3 million. We also expect stock based compensation expense of approximately $11-13 million in the first quarter of which 3 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measure. Our fully diluted share count is approximately 460 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. In addition to our normal guidance for historical ON Semiconductor, which includes the expected results from Sanyo Semiconductor, we anticipate that Sanyo Semiconductor will add approximately $260-285 million of incremental revenue to ON Semiconductor’s revenue guidance outlined before. We currently anticipate that Sanyo Semiconductor business will generate GAAP operating losses in the first quarter due to among other things purchase accounting and acquisition related costs. We anticipate that the Sanyo Semiconductor business will generate non-GAAP operating profits in the range of 0-5% of Sanyo Semiconductor sales in the first quarter of 2011. Given the recent close of the Sanyo Semiconductor transaction we are still finalizing the purchasing accounting associated with this transaction. We should be in a position to provide more details regarding the financials of Sanyo Semiconductor on our next call. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Ken Rizvi: Nicole, we would like to start the Q&A session.  
Operator: Thank you. At this time I would like to remind everyone in order to ask a question please press star then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. Callers are limited to one question and one follow up question. The first question is from Terence Whalen of Citi. Mr. Whalen, your line is open to speak. There is no response from that line. Our first question is from James Schneider of Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Beginning on the Sanyo business, how should we think about the revenue profile of that business as we have throughout the year? Specifically is there any share loss that you would assume or business that’s lower margin that you might walk away from that might cause that revenue to depart from normal seasonality as we enter this year? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: We would expect normal seasonality. Over half their business is consumer, which means your first quarter should be the lowest quarter of the year and business should build from there kind of capping out flattish in the fourth quarter. So very similar to that seasonality - we are not expecting to have any business walk aways in the first half. We’re working very closely with the customers. We’re still looking at the portfolio, etcetera. So I would not expect to see any leakage due to decisions on the company’s part in the first half. And based on discussions with customers I would not expect leakage based on relationships there.
James Schneider: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then a follow up on the organic automotive and power segment in Q4, it looks like that was down sequentially and most of your competitors have reported a little stronger revenue trends in that category. Can you explain what may be going on there?
Keith Jackson: So the automotive portion was up over 11% and 48% on the year. That segment includes our MOSFET business and we quite frankly moved some of that capacity away from the MOSFET so that we could support our business in other sectors during the fourth quarter. So all of the decline from the MOSFET side was offset by increases in the automotive part.
James Schneider: Got you. That was all indiscreet?
Keith Jackson: All indiscreet.
James Schneider: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Danely of JP Morgan.
Chris Danely: Thanks guys. I guess Keith can you just run us through your end market outlook for Q1 and for the rest of the year and also your sort of reasons why you expect some end markets to be better and some end markets to not be better?
Keith Jackson: So I’ll start with automotive. We were just talking automotive. I expect that that will continue to grow throughout 2011. We are seeing very strong demand from our customer base and quite optimistic outlook for the year both in number of cars built compared to last year and in the content. So we think that will probably be again our strongest growth story in the company. We’re also expecting to see computing pick back up. As we talked about earlier, we were kind of sub-seasonal performance in the second half of last year but we do think both with content from ON Semiconductor and the business cycle this year that we should also see that growing as we go through Q1, Q2 and Q3. So we’re seeing a little better situation here in Q1 than normal seasonality and I would expect strengthening in the rest of the year. For the industrial markets we see those are flattening out a bit. Not expecting significantly strong growth there but they should be up year on year but fairly steady. In the wireless business we would expect to see growth due to smart phones but total phones not growing at a very brisk pace. So seeing some improvement as you go through the year.
Chris Danely: Great. And then for my follow up can you just run us through the margin profile for Sanyo as it stands right now in terms of gross and operating margins? And then how do you expect the ON margin profile and the Sanyo margin profile to trend throughout this year?
Donald Colvin: Hi Chris. As far as the Sanyo margin, we closed the deal the first of January so prior to closing the deal we didn’t have access to lots of information, particularly those concerning prices. So we’re just getting our arms around that and as you know from acquisitions you’ve got complexities like fair market value, step up of inventories and things. So that’s why we didn’t give the usual granularity we give in our guidance. And so we’re pretty comfortable in the parameters we gave you on operating income excluding non-recurring costs. So that’s about the best we can do while we bring the (jake up) accounts of Sanyo into US GAAP and purchase accounting during the first quarter. But I think it’s fair to say that as Keith mentioned in his script, we believe that these are good products and that over time should migrate to operating incomes in the teens level and gross margins in the plus 30-40% level. So that’s something that still looks to be very doable but we’ll be subject to the completion of the restructuring plans that we have advanced for Sanyo Semiconductor. And as far as the core ON is concerned, I think as Keith mentioned, we are driving more volume and more content. So our manufacturing investments that we’ve made over the last few quarters will bring fruit throughout the year. And we are encouraged by the backlog trends as I mentioned in the script for the second quarter. So I think you can expect to see gross margins improving from the first quarter level as we go into the stronger second and third quarters this year. The exact amount of improvement I’m not really going to determine but we have given you some algorithms. Higher sales revenues certainly will generate higher gross margins as we go throughout the year.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Good morning guys. Keith, can you just talk a little bit about lead times both internally and what you’re seeing from your competitors? Have they finally kind of started to flatten out or are we still seeing some adjustments out there?
Keith Jackson: So each competitor is slightly different and each market is different. I think in the discreet domain lead times tend to be a little longer across the industry than they are in the integrated circuit part. Overall we’re operating around 12 weeks for lead times right now, which is the lowest we’ve been in over a year. Don’t know that that will go down dramatically in the next couple of months but it should be easing its way back down to sub-10 as we go through Q1. And I think that’s similar to where the average part of the industry is from a discreet basis. ICs tend to be a little shorter and we have seen in the marketplace something that is sub-10 already and that should be stable at least through the first quarter of the year.
Ross Seymore:  And then on the inventory side of things, you talked about the channel building inventory in the fourth quarter. What do you expect the channel to do in the first quarter? Are there different end markets that have some of the same sort of inventory issues that computing had? Or are they kind of all clean at this point?
Keith Jackson: We think we’ll exit the first quarter in relatively good shape. There is expected to be a build in revenues across the industry in the second quarter so I would expect some sight building of inventory in distribution across the markets. But not significant but I think that’s just needed to support the Q2 revenue increases.
Ross Seymore: And is there any end market that kind of needs to take some medicine like computing did? Or is that something that was specific to that vertical?
Keith Jackson: We haven’t seen any other market that’s in that shape right now. In other words we think everything else is in relatively good shape.
Ross Seymore: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Smidgy of Raymond James.
Steve Smidgy: Thanks a lot and congratulations guys on getting the acquisition done. You guys got a lot done this year in getting to your best net debt position ever. And on that net debt position I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit about what you guys will plan to do with the cash. Are you going to try to actually pay down some of that debt or are you okay with the debt position and you want to have cash available for other activities? If you could just talk about that a little bit I’d appreciate it.
Donald Colvin: Sure. I think up until now especially going through 2008 was our plan to pay down debt and make debt less toxic. We got rid of the bank facility, all the covenants and everything that went with it. But we’re now very comfortable. Our debt is approaching zero but you’ll have to bear in mind that we did assume a sour note from Sanyo. So we will have more debt at the end of the first quarter. But we believe that the Sanyo business should generate reasonable cash flows going forward. We will work carefully at how that business develops, what capital investment it requires and many investors have indicated to us that as an analog company many of our competitors are paying dividends and that’s something that we’re actively considering as a priority for the debt. So a little bit premature to give any specifics on that because clearly an acquisition of the size of Sanyo, we have to get very comfortable what investment it requires there. We are confident that it will be reasonable and that with the cash balances we have we can start to consider the institution of a dividend that many similar companies in our domain already have. I think also an acquisition of that size even though we did complement that with a small Censure division acquisition, you can assume that we’re not building up a big war chest to eminently strike out and buy other things. The Censure acquisition was a small one, complemented an existing activity that wasn’t really implicated in the Sanyo acquisition. But in general most of the company is going to be tied up with Sanyo. So that will preclude any major actions in that domain this year.
Steve Smidgy: Okay. Thank you. If you could comment a little bit on pricing, it seems like it’s been better than normal for quite a while and in your guidance it seems like it’s still better than normal but maybe not - it’s starting to get less good if you will but maybe I’m reading too much into what you said. So if you could comment on that and if I could just squeeze one last one in, it seems like you’re saying Sanyo is going to sort of generally be seasonal in line with about the same as the rest of ON and that makes sense to me. It sounds like you’re not going to walk away from anything really at least in the near term. So should we just assume that Sanyo is going to have normal growth rates over the next few years as we might expect for the ON proper? Or is there something else that could happen one way or another that might change that in a significant manner relative to what you might normally think?
Keith Jackson: Okay. Let me handle those separately. You snuck it in but those are good questions.
Steve Smidgy: Sorry.
Keith Jackson: ASP wise the way I would characterize that Steve is over the past few quarters there have been very little turns activities available. The products were being consumed by OEMs and by customers that had plans and arrangements on pricing. As we look in the first quarter I do think the industry’s freeing up a small amount of capacity and I would expect those turns to be under pressure on pricing rather than in an area of strength. But I do want to emphasize I think it’s a very small amount of business going that way. And you can see that reflected in our forecast. So maybe a little less strong environment here in Q1. We have not seen enough capacity on for it to tip over to being a strong buyers market at this stage. And so we’re expecting relatively muted cycle here in 2011. As to the growth rates going forward, it is still early. We’re not going to commit to any growth rates at this stage. What I will say is we have been very comfortable talking with the customers about the position that Sanyo Semiconductor has and we’re not seeing any significant leakage. And then on the growth side we’re seeing opportunities for cross selling of products, which we think are very, very exciting and most probably would offset any kind of weakness otherwise. So we’re in general expecting to see growth although our experience tells us in the early part of an acquisition it’s probably not going to be substantial in the first part.
Donald Colvin: Just I would completely echo all this that Keith says there. So think of Sanyo as a maintenance stabilizing and margin improving exercise for the next two years on revenue that will seasonally improve from the first quarter. But we wouldn’t expect to see big year over year increases there until we get it truly integrated within our manufacturing infrastructure and that’s going to be the best part of two years. As Keith said, our experience has shown that preservation, maintenance of revenue takes a year to two before you start to get growth. So I don’t think it would be appropriate to suggest any basic organic growth for Sanyo. But certainly seasonally improving from the first quarter levels is totally achievable.
Steve Smidgy: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is from John Barton of Cowen.
John Barton: Thanks. Keith, maybe you could elaborate on the cross selling potential and I understand balance kind of doesn’t happen over night. But when you’re meeting with the Japanese customers, the historic Sanyo customers, how receptive do you believe they are to ON’s traditional product lines and support thereof?
Keith Jackson: I was actually quite excited. I have been there two different times now talking to the large customers and in both cases they were embracing the opportunity to expand the purchases through Sanyo. ON and many of the other Western suppliers in Japan are handicapped by the support infrastructures that they expect in Japan on a service basis, etcetera. And so they do not tend to buy as much from foreign companies as they do the local companies. This completely changes that perspective in Japan. They now know and love their local Sanyo sales team and service team and so they are looking forward to getting access to ON products through that network. And so they have frankly opened up opportunities at each of the accounts I went to to see if they could buy more ON products in Japan. The other side of that equation is outside of Japan Sanyo had very little infrastructure and service particularly on the technical support side to proliferate their sales outside of Asia. We have got that infrastructure at ON. They have got some very, very interesting products in motor control and power modules that we are anxiously preparing ourselves to expand outside of the Asian market. So we think there are opportunities in both directions and again just from an expectation setting perspective, even with all the enthusiasm it will take the better part of a year to see any significant flows.
John Barton: So to elaborate on one of your earlier statements, you perceive Western suppliers’ lack of success in Japan primarily due to lack of a service base as opposed to a true cultural barrier? And you believe if you keep that service base intact you’ll be able to get under representation in there as a Western supplier so to speak?
Keith Jackson: Yeah. If you’d asked me that question in the ‘80s I would have told you that there was a cultural barrier. Both the experience we’re having and the direct comments from the customers there now says that they are through the cultural barrier. They want to compete on a global basis and they know to do that they have got to expand their base. And so I think it really is infrastructure. I mean they had round numbers, ten times the support infrastructure on a people basis that Western companies can afford to carry there with the revenue levels they had.
John Barton: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Craig Ellis of Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis: Thanks guys. Good morning. Just wanted to follow up Keith on the automotive comments. Can you talk a little bit about where you’d expect to see the growth this year? Is it fairly equal geographically or do you expect one of your geographies whether it be China, which you mentioned, or Europe or the US to outgrow the others?
Keith Jackson: So I would still expect Asia to outgrow on number of automobiles sold. So from a number of cars built and sold I would expect that to be strongest, the Americas to kind of come in second place and Europe to be trailing on number of cars built. But if you look at what goes into the cars, we sell to the module makers and those geographically are actually much stronger in Europe than they are in Asia. So they actually buy their materials in Europe and then ship them over to Asia from there. So on a sales from ON perspective I would expect to see some very strong performance in Europe probably second behind China. So it’s a little different geography on whether you’re talking about the in-car sales or where we actually deliver product.
Craig Ellis:  Okay. That makes sense. And then looking at the TC business, what happens with ON as we go to Sandy Bridge from a dollar content standpoint and a market share standpoint as you look at the notebook and desktop business?
Keith Jackson: So we’re expecting market share gains and we are expecting dollar content gains. Steve, do we have a specific number on that yet? Yeah. Okay. So I guess my statistician here is telling me that we’ll have to stick with $8 content now for notebooks as an overall number. I don’t actually have that transition number for you today.
Craig Ellis: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Sujeeva De Silva of ThinkEquity.
Sujeeva De Silva: Good morning guys. Nice job on the quarter. A couple of questions on the guidance. You’re one of the first companies to report after Intel talked about their product issues. Is there any impact or any anecdotal insight from that or is it still too early?
Keith Jackson: Well, I think it’s early. There are a lot of dynamics going on there. We anticipate that any outcome is likely to be positive for us in the short term. If they have to recall boards or rebuild boards, etcetera, etcetera, it generally means we have got to provide new parts. They don’t typically unsodder things any longer in that marketplace. So it usually ends up being scrap and they have to rebuild. So generally I would say it would be a positive sign for us.
Sujeeva De Silva: And any sign from that in the channel that products are intentionally being delayed or any impact on demand that you see?
Keith Jackson: It’s too early to tell on that. Again, our customers there have choices. They can continue building the existing model platforms a little longer, they can choose to rebuild with the new fixed parts at the same quantities they originally planned. It’s way too early to call.
Sujeeva De Silva: One other question on guidance. On the (imaging sensor) business, what’s your expectation for the full year and is there any of that in the first quarter guidance?
Donald Colvin: Hi. The deal is not going to close until the end of the quarter. So you can assume it’s included in there because we’re talking about a deminimous amount. And on an annualized basis we think the business is slightly north of $30 million annualized. That’s the kind of revenue run rate that we would expect. So full quarter revenue - something in the $8 million range.
Sujeeva De Silva: So it’s not in the first quarter, Don, right?
Donald Colvin: No. The deal will not. We don’t actually know when the deal closes. But it will be so minimum this quarter that you can just assume it’s included.
Sujeeva De Silva: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Parag Agarwal of UBS.
Parag Agarwal: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. The first question is about CapEx. It seems that your CapEx spending is accelerating in 2011. Just wondering where that CapEx is going an dhow this will relate to the CapEx (to date) that is being acquired from Sanyo.
Donald Colvin: I think that the capital expenditures, we account for them on a cash basis. So we did actually put in place a lot of capital at the end of last year particularly meeting requirements of the automotive and computing areas. So the cash outlays for these as we mentioned in our call, some of that was delayed, just the natural working capital management. So that’s about 20 million or so of this year’s numbers were carried forward from last year. But I’d say it’s fair to say that we’re putting a reasonable amount into front ends to meet requirements in the automotive and computing markets and in the back end more assembly and test capacity. So I don’t have the exact split but I think you can assume you take off buildings and some infrastructure, it’s probably split equally between the front end and the back end. But I mean that’s what happens when you have a strong demand from your customers and we tend to remain stretched. I’m sure our customers listening to the call will be satisfied to see that we hear them and we are putting in place the necessary capital to service them.
Parag Agarwal: Okay. Very good. Secondly about the Sanyo operating margin guidance of 0-5% in Q1, it looks like you are tracking way ahead of your target of 10% in (first) quarter. So any update on that trend will be very helpful.
Donald Colvin: Sure. The initial deal when we announced it in July, we talked about six quarters out. And then we worked with the seller to get support from the seller to get competitive costs, we call it manufacturing support but the seller will help us get competitive costs much sooner. And so we announced that restructured deal at the end of the fourth quarter of last year. So essentially what you’re seeing now in our guidance is the benefits of the restructured deal where we will get more competitive manufacturing costs much sooner than the originally scheduled deal. So we’ve looked at the numbers many different ways but we feel this is a reasonable guidance bearing in mind the addition of the seller support to competitive manufacturing costs.
Parag Agarwal: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Berger of FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess first on the gross margins this is kind of - well, you guys did towards the lower end of the range after last quarter’s hiccup. Is there anything going on? What’s the gross margin pressure and/or is 41 just where the business does right now?
Donald Colvin: I think we’re in a wee bit of a transition phase. So the equation was the capital expenditures that we have been making and end of last year/beginning of this year are having an increase in depreciation expense. And the extra revenues that this capital will generate are not really going to happen in the first quarter than were affecting the third quarter. As Keith mentioned we’ve got some content gain and we’ve got some volume gain as the markets recover so I think you would expect I think Chris Danely asked the question before on the gross margins - we would expect the gross margins to move upwards as our revenue strengthens in the seasonally stronger middle of the year. We have always said that we believe our core business is a 45% gross margin. The business - that requires certain factory closures. I think it’s fair to say that in the stretch wee time environment we have been more prudent about factory closures and moved away (crate). I think it’s also fair to say that we will not be accelerating them until we see very stable market conditions. But you would expect our gross margin to move up in the direction of our corporate 45% model on our core business as our revenue gets stronger in the second and third quarters.
Craig Berger: Thank you. And just as part of that, what’s the fab utilization rate at Gresham?
Donald Colvin: I think Gresham fab is - all our fabs are approximately 90% capacity utilization. I didn’t look at what Gresham is instantly but I think it’s close to that. Clearly we’re seeing all our fabs filled up and we are continuing to make more investment into not only our Gresham facility but our other 8-inch facility in Idaho, which also is running over 90%. That’s fab 10 in Idaho. So we’re seeing very good utilizations in both our 8-inch facilities, Gresham and Idaho.
Craig Berger: Great. And then just one last one, Thompson first call mix has put out a model with Sanyo and you guys are being a little vague even on the pro forma impacts. And so I’m just a little worried that everybody’s models are going to be all over the place. And so is there any Sanyo pro forma OpEx number you can give us for Q1 or the year? And also kind of how do you think about CapEx for the year? Thank you.
Donald Colvin: I think we hesitated long and when we gave the guidance. And so the P&L geographies are difficult to determine because we just got a hold of the company on the first of January so that was only a few weeks ago and we’ve been working to map their accounting to US GAAP accounting. And it’s fair to say that exercise is not complete. So it wouldn’t be appropriate for me with the accounting conventions that we have to obey to give guidance and details for things that I don’t have certainty of. I would love to do it but I have to be honest. There are not many percipients of a US company buying a Japanese company of the size and sophistication of Sanyo and it’s going to take us more than a few weeks to get the level of details that are required to be comfortable in a P&L geography. But you’re all clever people. We said in the past that we believe the gross margins of Sanyo should be in the 30-40% range. But we’ve given you what we think operating income is so I know that someone as clever as yourself will come up with a pretty good guestimate of what the model should be.
Craig Berger: I’m going to use OpEx of 80 million.
Donald Colvin: And so as far as capital expenditures, again we’re still in a position of finalizing that. As Keith mentioned, there are some really excellent opportunities with their products particularly making marginal investments to increase share in some of their products because of the (start up capital). I think the number we’re looking at now is something like $50 million for the year. But we haven’t finalized that yet. That number has not been engaged but that’s the kind of rough number for capital for Sanyo that we’ve thought about.
Craig Berger: What about the overall company for capital expenditures?
Donald Colvin: I think we stated that the core ON will be something in the 250 million range.
Craig Berger: So 300 all in?
Donald Colvin: Maybe. But again, the 50 million or so for the Sanyo is not something we have nailed down yet. We happen to make it anything like that. Once again, we had good contact as far as planning is concerned. But I mean as far as access to the company prior to closure was limited. And so especially access to things like prices, the anti-competition, the pro-competition rules dictate you can’t jump the gun. And so it’s only recently that we’re seeing what prices are and margins and being able to direct our capital expenditures to areas that will give a high return. So we should be able as I said in the script to give much more details on our next call.
Craig Berger: Thank you so much and congrats on the strong 2010.
Keith Jackson: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from John Vinh of Collins Stewart.
John Vinh: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you give us what the Sanyo Q4 revenues were and what the revenues for 2010 were?
Donald Colvin: Again, I don’t know what the disclosure requirements are but I think you can assume that the Q4 revenues were approximately in line with the guidance we gave for the first quarter. That’s an approximation. Sorry, what was the second question?
John Vinh: Yeah. And then you talked about consumer being over 50% of the business. Can you give us the vertical breakout for the other segments? And is there any sort of color you can talk about in terms of how those segments are trending at this point in time?
Keith Jackson: Okay. Let me give you the breakouts first there. The automotive segment would be about 17%, industrial about 7%, computing, 12 and then communications about 14. They are again if you’re looking at totals, consumer being half the business is certainly going to offset the profile. Their automotive like ours is quite strong. Industrial has been improving and computing reflected the same trends we saw at ON, which was basically sub-seasonal second half of last year. And the same thing with wireless in the fourth quarter, looks very similar. So frankly, the trends we saw on a quarter basis last year looked very, very similar to the overall market.
John Vinh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Kevin Cassidy of Stifel Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy: Good morning. Thanks. On the CMOS image sensor business any plans of taking that outside of the industrial/medical markets?
Keith Jackson: No. The technologies we just picked up fit those markets very well. They complement our existing customer base there with the other sensor work that we do and we think there are some very substantial growth opportunities for us in that area. Trying to enter the mass markets we don’t think is appropriate for that specific set of technologies but we do think there are some very good growth opportunities and margin opportunities for us there.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. And where will that product be manufactured?
Keith Jackson: We have not made any determination on future manufacturing homes. So right now we’re going to keep the manufacturing stable until we make those determinations at its current locations.
Donald Colvin: Just a little add on to that, one thing that kind of makes me happy when I look at some of these acquisitions is that we haven’t brought a lot of these products inside and we are using external suppliers especially for the front end. So one of the challenges for semiconductor companies is to keep the factories loaded and so it’s quite comforting for me to look at some of these acquisitions. They make a lot of good financial sense by using external foundries and it gives us the option downstream to get better productivity and margin contribution by bringing them inside but yet as Keith said, we haven’t yet made that determination. But it’s an upside potential or protection that we have for the future.
Kevin Cassidy: Okay. So you have the process technology for the CMOS image sensors?
Keith Jackson: Yeah. We have the capabilities internally but they’re using a set of foundries today and we plan on continuing to do that until we have analyzed a little more fully the overall situation.
Kevin Cassidy: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ramesh Misra of Brigantine Advisors.
Ramesh Misra: Hi. Good morning everyone. My first question is in regards to the acquisition how much did it end up costing? How much was debt, how much was cash?
Donald Colvin: Just on that, when we closed the deal on the first of January we gave them approximately 130 million cash which we disclosed in the earnings release was restricted cash. But we got back from them something like 110 million cash on their balance sheet. So the net cash out was approximately $20 million. And we have assumed a 7-year note of LIBOR plus 175% for just under $400 million from Sanyo Electric, the seller. So that’s the basic main elements in your cash and assumption of debt, Ramesh.
Ramesh Misra: Okay. In regards to the fab consolidation can you just update us the plans over there Donald?
Donald Colvin: The basic manufacturing infrastructure in Japan has three fabs and an assembly and test facility. And we will be consolidating into one major fab and a reduced assembly and test facility. That is the main drive of the manufacturing consolidation.
Ramesh Misra: I guess my question was more about rest of ON but I guess that was a little bonus. So the plans for shutting down your ON fabs right now?
Keith Jackson: This is Keith Jackson. We do intend on still closing our Phoenix wafer fab. We have delayed that several times based on business conditions being extraordinarily strong. We have actually put that off yet another quarter because we’re going to be consolidating some of the Sanyo product into our consolidating Malaysia fab. And so we want to make sure we’ve got ample spare capacity in that factory before we make any cutovers and of course ample coverage of inventory to make the transition smooth for our customers. So simply said, the Phoenix fab will close. It’s going to be closed later than we expected due to strong business and the Sanyo acquisition. We don’t have any other announced ON factory closures for 2011.
Ramesh Misra: That was it Keith and Don. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from Tristan Gerra of Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra: Hi. Good morning. Could you talk about the percentage capacity growth that you expect to put in place ex Sanyo for this year? And also once you consolidate the three fabs at Sanyo would you expect that remaining fab at Sanyo to be close to full capacity if you look at just current loading rates?
Keith Jackson: So on the Sanyo question we would expect to fill that one up to the 85% range to 90% range. So when the consolidations are complete we would indeed expect that to be operating fairly close to full. We’re also using our Malaysia and Gresham factories for consolidating some of the Sanyo factories. Specific change on capacities for the overall company with CapEx, it’s going to be 15% plus. I don’t have a detailed breakdown on that but it’ll be in that range from our exit velocity in Q4 of 2010.
Tristan Gerra: Great. And then last question, if you could remind us of the exposure you have to Malaysia and Philippines in terms of the (center) of your cast from a currency standpoint?
Keith Jackson: So the Philippines does most of our analog IC assembly and test. And so that’s the amount that’s done there is less than 1/3 of our assembly/test. And then our Malaysian wafer fab will do most of the discreet products so again it’s from a wafer fab perspective less than 1/3 of the company’s wafers.
Tristan Gerra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question is from Patrick Wong of Wedbush Securities.
Patrick Wong: Thanks for getting me in. Just one question here - you guys have always done a great job on streamlining new businesses that you guys acquire. Can you give us an update maybe in terms of when you think you can perhaps get to 10% operating margin for the Sanyo semi business? Or maybe another way to look at it is actually if that $30 million of pre-tax income? Thanks so much.
Donald Colvin: I think that’s a question that was asked kind of a different way before. We said when we first announced the deal that we thought we could get to the 10% within six quarters. As someone mentioned, we have hit the ground running faster because of the support from the seller. So will be less than six quarters but I mean you can extrapolate. It wouldn’t be the first quarter but it will be less than six quarters. So divine somewhere in between.
Patrick Wong: Okay. So is it fair to think that it’s possible to hit that this year, in the second half of this year at some point?
Donald Colvin: Sure.
Patrick Wong: Yeah? Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s Q&A session. I would like to thank you for your participation and ask that you disconnect your lines at this time.
Donald Colvin: No more questions?

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Rizvi - Director of Treasury, Investor Relations & Corporate Development Keith Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC Donald Colvin - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer of SCI LLC, Executive Vice President of SCI LLC and Treasurer of SCI LLC
Analysts: Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc Andrew Banish Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Vinh - Collins Stewart LLC Craig Ellis - Caris & Company John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ken Rizvi to begin.
Ken Rizvi: Thank you, Tamika. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation's Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Donald Colvin, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at onsemi.com, and a replay will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the third quarter of 2010. The script for today's call is posted on our website and will be furnished via a Form 8-K filing. Our earnings release and this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. In the upcoming quarter, we will be presenting at the Credit Suisse Technology Conference on November 30 and the Barclays Technology Conference on December 9. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, expect, plan, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors relating to our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the SEC. The company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other factors. Now let's hear from Donald Colvin, who will provide an overview of the third quarter results. Donald?
Donald Colvin: Thanks, Ken, and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenue in the third quarter of 2010 were approximately $600.7 million, an increase of 3% from the second quarter of 2010. During the third quarter of 2010, the company reported GAAP net income of $87.8 million or $0.20 per fully diluted share. The third quarter 2010 GAAP net income included net charges of $20 million or $0.05 per fully diluted share from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings press release. GAAP gross margin in the third quarter was 41%. Non-GAAP gross margin in the third quarter was 41.3%. During the third quarter, external factors such as currencies and commodity prices negatively impacted GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin by approximately $7 million to $8 million or 130 basis points. Third quarter 2010 non-GAAP net income was $107.8 million or $0.25 per share on a fully diluted basis, including stock-based compensation expense. During the third quarter of 2010, our GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses included approximately $5 million of acquisition expenses related to our M&A activities. We exited the third quarter of 2010 with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $562.9 million, an increase of approximately $96 million from the previous quarter. We also exited the quarter with the lowest net debt position in the company's history at approximately $223 million. At the end of the third quarter, total sales outstanding were approximately 48 days, down by two days compared with the second quarter of 2010. ON Semiconductor's internal inventory increased slightly from second quarter levels on a days basis to approximately 90 days. Included in our internal inventory is approximately $13 million of inventory related to our acquisitions and bridge inventory related to our announced closures of front-end manufacturing lines. Net of the bridge inventory and inventory from acquisitions, our inventory days would have been approximately 87 days at the end of the third quarter. Distribution inventories remained low at approximately eight weeks exiting the quarter. Cash capital expenditures during the third quarter were approximately $52 million, bringing year-to-date capital expenditures to approximately $146 million. We currently anticipate total capital expenditures for 2010 of approximately $200 million, of which approximately $35 million will be for buildings. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Don. And now for an overview of our end markets. During the third quarter of 2010, our end-market splits were as follows: The computing end market represented approximately 25% of our third quarter 2010 sales; the automotive end market represented approximately 19% of third quarter sales; the industrial, military and aerospace end market represented approximately 18% of sales; the consumer electronics end market represented approximately 18% of sales; the communications end market, which includes wireless and networking, represented approximately 17% of sales; and the medical end market represented approximately 3% of sales. On a direct billing basis, no individual ON Semiconductor product OEM customer represented more than 5% of third quarter sales. Our top-five product OEM customers during the third quarter were Continental Automotive Systems, Delta, Hella, Motorola and Samsung. On a geographic basis, our contribution from sales in Asia represented approximately 62% of revenue. Our sales in the Americas represented approximately 23% of revenue, and Europe represented approximately 15% of revenue during the quarter. Looking across the channels, direct sales to OEMs represented approximately 44% in the third quarter 2010 revenue. Sales through the distribution channel were approximately 46% of third quarter revenue and the EMS channel represented approximately 10% of revenue. During the third quarter, ON Semiconductor revenues broken out by our product groups were as follows: Standard Products Group represented approximately 34% of sales, the Automotive and Power Group represented approximately 24% of sales, computing and Consumer Group represented approximately 23% of sales and the Digital and Mixed-Signal Product Group represented approximately 19% of sales. We will publish the quarterly revenue, gross margin and operating margin breakout of these segments in our Form 10-Q for the period. Now turning to our end market and product line results. The communications end-market revenues, which comprise both wireless and networking, grew sequentially in the third quarter by approximately 12%. In the Wireless segment, revenue growth was driven primarily by strong ramps in smartphones. ON Semiconductor has secured content in multiple industry-leading smartphone vendors. Our success in this breakout product category is a result of the ongoing market acceptance of our expanding suite of products, including our protection and filtering devices, audio amplifiers, LED drivers, DC-DC converters, USB switches, MOSFETs and medium-scale subsystem IC integration. In the Networking segment, quarterly revenue growth was positively impacted by the continued penetration of our custom ASICs and array of precision clock and timing products, as well as the buildup of our network infrastructure in China and India. The consumer end market experienced revenue growth of approximately 12% sequentially. Growth in this segment was driven primarily by strong ramps of customer gaming consoles. While the LCD TV end market softened during the third quarter, ON Semiconductor has continued to expand our product portfolio. We have started to ramp a custom LED driver for backlighting large LCD TVs in addition to our circuit protection devices and content enabling efficient power supplies. In the computing end market, as expected, we saw a muted seasonality, with revenues up sequentially by approximately 1%. Power management revenue in the computing end market was up sequentially by approximately 9%. This growth was driven by continued penetration into the notebook segment. Looking forward, we continue to anticipate strong design and momentum for our Vcore controllers in next-generation desktops and notebooks. At the Intel Developer Forum in September, we introduced the first platform solution for CPU power management and high-speed switching optimized to support the upcoming second-generation Intel Core processor family, otherwise known as Sandy Bridge. Additionally, we made headway into the high-growth tablet market securing both MOSFET and filtering devices with a leading tablet supplier. We also see opportunity for additional market penetration in the tablet market with our efficient power supply solutions. Overall, we believe we remain well positioned for ongoing holiday production ramps. In the automotive end market, sales were down less than 1% sequentially in the third quarter, which was better-than-normal seasonality. We continue to see strong demand from customers for our body, powertrain and safety solutions. Our custom ASIC designs with leading vehicle manufacturers in Europe and Asia have continued to gain momentum. We recently won our first custom ASIC design in a park assist system for a key Asian automotive customer. We also continued to make inroads into infotainment for vehicles, as well as into LED lighting for rear and front lighting systems. Exiting the third quarter, ON Semiconductor believes it is well positioned to capitalize on a number of end market growth factors, including ongoing network infrastructure upgrades, green initiatives in Asia for energy efficient power supplies and white goods and continued growth in market areas such as LED lighting, medical and energy efficient power solutions that enable the smart grid. LED lighting in all market segments remain the targeted focus area for ON Semiconductor. In September, we launched four new LED lighting devices that address LED landscape and solar lighting, general illumination, automotive applications and portable medical devices. To help support our LED lighting customers, we have also developed and introduced our GreenPoint Design Simulation Tool, an interactive design and verification tool to assist our customers in accelerating their design of solid-state lighting solutions. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Donald for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance. Donald?
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Fourth quarter 2010 outlook. Based upon current product booking trend, backlog levels and estimated tons levels, we anticipate that total revenues will be approximately $565 million to $585 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Backlog levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter went down slightly from backlog levels at the beginning of the third quarter and represent over 90% of our anticipated fourth quarter 2010 revenues. We expect that average selling prices for the fourth quarter will be approximately flat compared to the third quarter. We expect cash capital expenditures of approximately $55 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the fourth quarter, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 40% to 41%. For the fourth quarter of 2010, we also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $137 million to $141 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which totaled approximately $10 million. We also expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $127 million to $131 million. Also included in operating expense guidance is approximately $6 million of SANYO-related transaction costs. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $18 million for the fourth quarter of 2010, which includes non-cash interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $9 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $4 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $3 million. We also expect stock-based compensation expense of approximately $12 million to $13 million in the fourth quarter of 2010, which approximately $4 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our current fully diluted share count is approximately 445 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: Donald, quickly on the September quarter gross margin hit of about 130 basis points, you talked about currency and commodity prices. What percentage came from each one of those buckets? And I guess, is that an isolated incident? Or can we expect more headwinds going forward? And I guess if you could just give us a little bit color of what exactly happened in the quarter.
Donald Colvin: Sure. About those two questions, I think basically about 80% of the hit came from currencies. The issue is that we have cost in places like the Czech Republic, Malaysia, the Philippines where we don't have any revenue, so there's no revenue offset. And then the remaining 20% came from commodities. We saw an increase in price of copper and gold. We're heavy users of the both of these. So that gives you essentially the delta in the gross margin. And looking forward, there is still a little bit more to come because unfortunately, the dollar continued to depreciate against most currencies in the third quarter. But that is fully baked into our guidance, John.
John Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG: And then as my follow-up, I guess, Keith, the PC market is clearly going through some sort of inventory correction in the back half of the year. You talked about your socket win of Sandy Bridge. I'm kind of curious, as we look out to the first half of next year, with that new product launch, is that a content market share story for you that could help to offset some of the normal seasonality we usually see in the calendar first quarter?
Keith Jackson: Yes. We do believe our equivalent market share by the content change will continue to boost us into next year at rates greater than the market will be for PCs overall. So again, I think it's very positive for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Parag Agarwal of UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: Just a question about your guidance. Could you please break down your guidance in terms of end market and how do you see the fourth quarter playing out? And also, you talked about your backlog until the end of the previous quarter. Any update on order trends would be really helpful.
Keith Jackson: So I think I would describe the fourth quarter, our view, as seasonal. You're going to start seeing some softening in the consumer segments. We see continued strength in automotive, and the communications sectors and a bit of the industrial sector as well will continue to hold up. So really, it's a consumer softening as we head out of the fourth quarter. And I think color-wise, it's going to break along with what we've called traditionally season-wise.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: And the second question is about the SANYO acquisition. Any update on the integration process? Are you still trying to close it by the end of the year? And also, have your idea about potential synergies of $30 million per quarter heading into 18 months have changed? Or any update will be very helpful.
Donald Colvin: I think the current plan is we called early in the first quarter. And we are confident that the basic level financial case that we presented in July remains intact. And that was to generate, from my memory, something like $30 million of operating income after six quarters. I would say that management is comfortable that, that remains a very valid hypothesis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can you maybe give us an update on where lead times are for the ones where you do have standard lead times quoted? How much you're able to improve them on at all and what you expect heading into Q4 in terms of further improvements?
Keith Jackson: So lead times did not improve noticeably at all in Q3. They remain extended, with very little change during the third quarter. As we get into the fourth quarter, we're starting to see some of the standard products easing a small amount. But again, I would not expect dramatic contractions in Q4 as well. So we continue to fill the pipeline up about as fast as we can fill it and things have stayed quite stable for the last three quarters.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just as a follow-up, on the SANYO acquisition, is there any reason for the push out into Q1? I think you previously expected it to close pretty much by now. What are the reasons for that? Is it just getting the cost and reductions in line and the terms in line? Or is this there something else to that? And then I believe in the press release, you talked about not needing that access to capital markets and not needing to raise debt or issue stock. Does that mean that you're going to deal with cash on hand? Or is there something else there?
Donald Colvin: Well, two parts to the question as usual. As far as the date is concerned, I think the original contract anticipated five days I believe and the official date we announced was the earliest date. But those of you who follow public disclosures and things, you would have to be on a kamikaze mission to want to quote something at the end of the year if you close it at the beginning of next year simply because of the onerous reporting and auditing issues that you would embrace. So the seller was very cognizant of that and we agreed that it was better to do this. A natural break, which is our year end, just after our year end, their quarter end and the beginning of a new fiscal year for us. So I think it makes sense. Early in January is our target date. That's not liable to move from what we can see now. So I think it's for good reasons and makes it a lot more straightforward, the integration process. As far as the financing is concerned, it is clear that we have made progress. We listen to shareholders' feedback and that we worked with the seller. So I think it's fair to say now that at this period in time, we do not anticipate that we will have to issue any public debt or we will have to issue any stock. And at the consummation of the transaction, there will be a minimum amount of cash required as in the original transaction. So that's about all that we are able to reveal as of today. We are working on making these contractual amendments with the seller, and we should complete that over the next few weeks. But it is management's belief that the evolution of the financial conditions are favorable to the deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with JPMorgan (sic) [Chris Danely of JPMorgan].
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I think that might be Chris Danely. Actually, just a quick question or a quick follow-up on the lead time comment. Do you expect lead times to come in Q1? Or do you think that they'll remain extended?
Keith Jackson: I do believe we'll start making headway in Q1 just from enough capacity coming online. We're actually not seeing significant changes in the demand picture. So the extra capacity should start to see some shortening as we get into Q1, maybe not completely back to normal, but certainly lower than where we're running.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then it sounds like going from a period of replenishment back to normal seasonality, assuming normal seasonality in Q1 and Q2, what would your gross and operating margin trend look like?
Donald Colvin: Well, as I've said many times, Chris, we only give guidance one quarter at a time for good reasons. I think it's fair to say that you could see that we don't see a huge amount of seasonality. Modest seasonality, it would be the normal pattern in the first quarter with the recovery stronger second and third, that's the pattern, and a flattish fourth quarter next year. That's the normal pattern. We have seen a little bit of pressure on the margins from the currency and commodity movements that we referred to, that's baked into our guidance. So basically, we see return, as you suggested, a modest seasonal first quarter, which historically because of exposure to the consumer and the wireless end markets has been a bit weaker, offset by what we still believe will be strength in industrial and automotive, as Keith mentioned, that business remains resilient. So that's all we see, and I have never seen any good reason to give more detail than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramesh Misra with Brigantine Advisors.
Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin: You didn't talk much about the Industrial segment, but sounds like that segment is down for you. And we've been getting some mixed kind of data points about the Industrial segment. Some companies are talking about pretty strong trends over there. I mean, do you think you're losing share, or maintaining it? Or what's going on from your perspective?
Keith Jackson: We think we're maintaining share, and it was really kind of flattish more than anything else, and we see that pattern kind of continuing through the end of the year and then in the beginning. Clearly, there is a difference between which part or which segment that you're in. Industrial is extremely wide for us. We include things like capital equipment purchases, as well as building-related expenses as well. So there's some shift quarter-to-quarter in that, but in general, remaining relatively robust. But I'd call it more flattish than significant growth.
Ramesh Misra - C.E. Unterberg, Towbin: And this probably is for you, Donald. I wanted to clarify, did you say that you don't anticipate and needing to use any stock for your SANYO acquisitions? And then just as the first part, what should we be thinking of how gross margins over there are? And I think based on public statements, they've been kind of running cash neutral. So basically, I mean, until the 18 months and so post acquisition, do we expect kind of a minimal impact on your P&L?
Donald Colvin: Well, we did say that we do not believe we need to use any stock for SANYO. So I will repeat that, and I think that's certainly a clarification to the initial deal. So that I think is a positive. As far as the gross margin from SANYO, we did state in the past that the business, on the margins, the business was running approximately breakeven. We have no reason to believe that's not the case. We did say that we intend to improve it, and we believe that, that is totally possible. As far as the gross margin, what we have stated in the past for us is we believe we were getting some very good products that potentially would be a gross margin close to the quarter average, maybe not quite as much, but close to it, not a major delta away from and again we still believe that's the case. So we remain excited about the opportunity of adding new customers and new products that are very complimentary to products we make in our factories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: What is your expectation for utilization rates for Q4? And also, what's the growth in capacity sequentially that you're adding in Q4?
Keith Jackson: So utilization rates should be still in the 90s, maybe more toward the middle 90s overall. They are coming down a bit. We are getting some more capacities in place as you've mentioned. But they might have no more impact than one or two points of utilization overall.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then any initial visibility on the pricing outlook for 2011 based on your pricing contract discussions?
Keith Jackson: They've been generally muted, so not significant breaks at this stage. So I'd say the longer term agreements are fairly stable for next year, slightly down a few percent, which bodes generally very well. The spot market, of course, we'll have to wait to see how that unfolds next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc: I guess the first question I have is, regarding looking across your business, are there any areas where you've seen orders contract and declined to low levels, but then stabilized and bounced back more recently in the past four to six weeks?
Keith Jackson: I don't know that I've got anything significant. We did see a decline, as we mentioned there, in television-related purchases. I think they dropped and they're stable at this point, but we haven't seen big bounce backs.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc: And then second question is for Don. Don, you referenced the $6 million expense related to SANYO acquisition costs. Can you explain whether that expense then goes away into the first quarter to alleviate OpEx?
Donald Colvin: Thank you for asking me that great question, Terence. I spelled that out because that's approximately $0.015 of cost related to SANYO that will not be there forever. We may have additional deal costs expensed in the first quarter, but you can see that it's not part of our ongoing P&L. And we had that similar penalty in the third quarter to the order of about $5 million. So we will have, with all certainty, some additional deal costs in the first quarter because we are planning to close the deal then. After that, it will go away forever. So this is a kind of exceptional cost, but the accounting rules changed previously, these were capitalized deal costs and amortized over time. Now they are expensed as incurred. So it does penalize the P&L when you're incurring substantial cost ahead of completing the deal.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis of Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Keith, you mentioned that you're happy with the design win traction you've got on Sandy Bridge. Can you talk a little bit about where you are with Vcore market share now, and what you think could happen as we move into Sandy Bridge next year?
Keith Jackson: Part of the difficulty to have giving you precise numbers there is knowing what those ramps will be. Generally, the platform change ramps are a little bit tough to call. What we can say is that on each successive generation that we've done through the last three years, we picked up market share on each of those platforms and that number has been somewhere around 10%, 10,000 basis points, if I get that right, or more on each one.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: And then switching gears, Don, utilization sounds like it'll drop a little bit, but because there's increased capacity, how should we think about inventories exiting the fourth quarter? Would you like to take them up a little bit on hand and in the channel? Or are they going to be flattish? How should we look at that?
Donald Colvin: I think that we're taking actions to slow down the dollar growth of inventory, that's what we're planning to do. So only a modest increase in inventories anywhere in the fourth quarter. And as we have a soft winding of manufacturing run rates in line with demand, so I wouldn't expect any big increase in inventories from the current levels on a dollar basis terms.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: And what are the weeks of inventory in the channel at present?
Donald Colvin: We had the channel coming in just over eight weeks at the end of September.
Keith Jackson: The channel is something we'd like to take up a bit, if possible. So as we get between Q4 and Q1, moving that up another week would be desirable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Vinh with Collins Stewart.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart LLC: Just a question on comp, I was wondering if you could talk about what your mix is between smartphones and feature phones there?
Keith Jackson: On a dollar basis, do we have some data?
Donald Colvin: Can we come back to you on that afterwards?
Keith Jackson: We may have to come back with you on a dollar basis there. If the smartphone content does go up, it's significantly a more per phone, but then the total phones are less. So we probably have to calculate that and get back to you.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart LLC: And then some of the strong performance that you're seeing in that segment, is some of that share gain that you're seeing right now?
Keith Jackson: Yes, actually, it's proliferation of new platforms and the smartphones, as I mentioned, have better content. So to the extent that they outgrow the low-end and medium-end phones, we get a better pump for that.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart LLC: And then just one more follow-up for me related to that. Obviously, a lot of interest in tablets, can you maybe just talk a little bit about where you're positioned on tablet platforms going forward at this point?
Keith Jackson: We've got, as we mentioned there, some significant design wins in tablets. We're working with the plethora of new ones that are coming out. I expect that we'll have content in all of them to differing degrees. But frankly, there's one that overwhelms the others, and that content remains our focus.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just a follow-up on that, what would you say your content is dollar-wise in the tablet versus netbook versus notebook?
Keith Jackson: So it's going to be a more similar to a netbook than a notebook. So you're talking something that's kind of sub-dollar for the tablets today.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And also, on the Sandy Bridge design, do you have a similar design in the works with AMD's Fusion product?
Keith Jackson: We generally do what I call adaption of our core process, core controllers to handle the AMD design. So the answer is yes, there's a quick spend that comes shortly after.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Andrew Banish: This is Andrew for Steve. Can you touch on the degree to which capacity streams may have limited some of your growth in 3Q and in 4Q?
Keith Jackson: We have a couple of wafer fabs that remained extremely constrained, 100% capacity with demand exceeding that. They are products traditionally for the automotive and industrial sectors, the two sectors that continue to have the best growth. And I expect to start seeing easing there as you get into next year. But right now, clearly, those two markets have been constrained.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer portion of the conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Rizvi - Director of Treasury, Investor Relations & Corporate Development Keith Jackson - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC and President of Semiconductor Components Industries LLC Donald Colvin - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer of SCI LLC, Executive Vice President of SCI LLC and Treasurer of SCI LLC
Analysts: Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank Andrew Connor Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Scott Herlin Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Patrick Wang - Wedbush Securities Inc. John Vinh - Collins Stewart LLC Craig Ellis - Caris & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the ON Semiconductor Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ken Rizvi to begin.
Ken Rizvi: Thank you, Paula. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corp.'s Second Quarter 2010 Conference Call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO; and Donald Colvin, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at onsemi.com, and a replay will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the second quarter of 2010. The script for today's call is posted on our website and will be furnished via a Form 8-K filing. Our earnings release in this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. In the upcoming quarter, we will be presenting at the Pacific Crest Technology Forum on August 10, and the Citigroup Technology Conference on September 8. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events, or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, expect, plan, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors relating to our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the SEC. The company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, change assumptions or other factors. Now let's hear from Donald Colvin, who will provide an overview of the second quarter results. Donald?
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Ken, and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corp. today announced that total revenues in the second quarter of 2010 were $583.3 million, an increase of 6% from the first quarter of 2010. During the second quarter of 2010, the company reported GAAP net income of $78.7 million, or $0.18 per fully diluted share. The second quarter of 2010 GAAP net income included net charges of $24.7 million, or $0.06 per fully diluted share for special items, which are detailed in the schedules included in our earnings release. Second Quarter 2010 non-GAAP net income was $103.4 million, or $0.24 per share on a fully diluted basis and includes stock-based compensation expense. During the second quarter of 2010, our GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses included approximately $4 million of acquisition-related expenses from our M&A activities that were not previously forecasted. We entered in the second quarter of 2010 with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $467.1 million, a decline of approximately $94 million from the previous quarter. We also exited the quarter with the lowest net debt position in the company's history, at $286 million. In the second quarter, the company prepaid $170 million of senior secured credit facilities and used cash of $22 million for the acquisition of Sound Design Technologies on June 9. At the end of the quarter, total days sales outstanding were flat with the first quarter of 2010 at around 50 days. ON Semiconductor's internal inventory increased slightly from the first quarter on a days basis to approximately 86 days. Included in our total internal inventory is $22 million of inventory related to our acquisitions, or bridge inventory build related to our announced closure of front-end manufacturing lines. Net of the bridge inventory and inventory from recent acquisitions, our inventory days would've been approximately 80 days in the second quarter. Distribution inventories remain low at approximately eight weeks exiting the second quarter. The cash capital expenditures during the second quarter were around $53 million, bringing year-to-date capital expenditures to around $94 million. We currently anticipate spending total capital expenditures for 2010 of approximately $200 million, of which approximately $30 million will be for buildings. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Keith Jackson: Thanks, Don. Now for an overview of our end markets. During the second quarter of 2010, our end market splits were as follows: The Computing end market represented approximately 26% of second quarter 2010 sales; the Automotive end market represented approximately 20% of second quarter sales; the Industrial, Military and Aerospace end market represented approximately 19% of the sales; the Consumer Electronics end market represented approximately 17% of sales; the Communications end market, which includes wireless and networking, represented approximately 15% of sales; and Medical represented approximately 3% of sales. On a direct billing basis, no individual ON Semiconductor product OEM customer represented more than 5% of second quarter sales. Our top five product OEM customers during the second quarter were Continental Automotive Systems, Delta, Hella, Motorola and Samsung. On a geographic basis, our contribution from sales in Asia represented approximately 61% of revenue. Our sales in the Americas represented approximately 23% of revenue, and Europe represented approximately 16% of revenue during the quarter. Looking across the channels, direct sales to OEMs represented approximately 46% of second quarter 2010 revenue. Sales through the distribution channel were approximately 45% of second quarter revenue, and the EMS channel represented approximately 9% of revenue. During the second quarter, ON Semiconductor revenues broken out by our product groups were as follows: the Standard Products Group represented approximately 33% of sales; the Automotive and Power Group represented approximately 24% of second quarter sales; the Computing and Consumer Group represented approximately 23% of sales; and the Digital and Mixed Signal product group represented approximately 20% of sales. We will publish the quarterly revenue, gross margin and operating breakout of these segments in our Form 10-Q for this period. We achieved several milestones during the second quarter of 2010, including recording our highest quarterly revenues, gross margin percent and net cash from operating activities in the company's history. We achieved historic revenue highs during the second quarter in three of our key end markets: automotive, computing and industrial. Now turning to our end market and product line results. In the automotive end market, we had another strong quarter of growth, with revenues growing by approximately 8% sequentially versus the first quarter of 2010. Revenues in this end market have exceeded prior highs driven by more electronic content per vehicle and a normalization of inventory levels throughout the supply chain. During the quarter, we continued to see growth from our next-generation solutions for our emissions reduction, fuel economy improvement and enhanced lighting, safety, connectivity and infotainment power delivery systems. One notable success has been the introduction of our first application-specific IC for China's automotive industry. This smart power ASIC was developed for a key automotive customer in the region for use in a lighting application that generates more than 70 components into a single chip. This achievement reinforces the overall success of our Solution Engineering Centers, the newest of which we opened earlier this year in Shanghai to support automotive customers throughout the Asia-Pacific region. The industrial and military aerospace end market represented the strongest sequential growth of all of our end markets in the second quarter of 2010, growing by approximately 11% sequentially. Similar to the automotive end market, the industrial and military aerospace end market exceeded prior highs. During the quarter, we continue to see growth in our custom analog, mixed signal and ASIC products for this end market. A convergence of connected building automation systems with energy-efficient initiatives are driving demand for wired indications over IT, embedded control and motor control, and sensors for proximity, ambient light and imaging applications. In the computing end market, we continue to see strong demand for our energy-efficient power management solutions. Audio amplifiers, protection devices, thermal management and standard products from key customers in both desktops and notebooks. The computing end market experienced 5% sequential growth from the first quarter of 2010, due to a combination of worldwide PC production ramps by key customers, continued adoption of Windows 7, a corporate refresh efforts. In addition, the second quarter represented the strongest computing end market revenue in the company's history at approximately $149 million. During the quarter, we continued to make inroads with design wins into next generation notebooks, tablet PCs and desktops with key manufacturers driven by our bucket-boost converters, SenseFET and MOSFET products. Exiting the second quarter, ON Semiconductor is well positioned to capitalize on a number of end market growth factors including increased vehicle demand in Asia, ongoing market acceptance of Android-based handheld products, the increased worldwide shipment of PCs, and strong ramps in both smart phones and LED backlighting in TVs. Within the smart phone market, we have a full suite of products driving sales growth including our own protection devices, audio amplifiers, LED drivers, USB switches and medium-scale IC integration to enable next generation handsets. On the acquisition front, we successfully completed the acquisition of Sound Design Technologies, Ltd., for approximately $22 million in cash. This solidifies our position as a leading supplier of ultra-low-power DSP technology for hearing aids and consumer audio processing applications. On July 15, we announced the definitive purchase agreement to acquire SANYO Semiconductor for approximately 33 billion yen. We anticipate this acquisition to close before the end of the year. Annualized revenue of the combined entity would be approximately $3.5 billion. SANYO Semiconductor is currently operating at approximately breakeven today and based on current revenue run rates, our goal is to deliver in excess of $30 million in quarterly pretax income from SANYO Semiconductor, approximately 18 months post-close.  Given SANYO Semiconductor's similar product profile, our proven abilities as an industry consolidator and our established presence in Japan, we believe over time we can successfully migrate their financial metrics to be more in line with our recent financial performance. We believe the acquisition of SANYO Semiconductor will move ON Semiconductor closer to our vision of becoming the premier global supplier of high-performance, energy efficient, silicon solutions for green electronics. The transaction represents a tremendous opportunity for both ON Semiconductor and SANYO Semiconductor, our employees, our customers and our shareholders, and we look forward to reporting on our progress over the coming quarters. Now I would like to turn it back over to Donald for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance. Donald?
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Third quarter 2010 outlook. Based upon current product booking levels, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total revenues will be $585 million to $610 million in the third quarter of 2010. Backlog levels at the beginning of the third quarter were up from backlog levels at the beginning of the second quarter of 2010, and represent over 90% of our anticipated third quarter revenues. We expect average selling prices for the third quarter will be approximately flat compared to the second quarter of 2010. We expect cash capital expenditures of around $50 million in the third quarter of 2010.  For the third quarter, we expect GAAP gross margin of 42.2% to 42.7%. Our GAAP gross margin in the third quarter will be negatively impacted from, among other things, expensing of appraised inventory fair market value step-up associated with our acquisitions. We expect non-GAAP gross margin of 42.5% to 43%. For the third quarter of 2010, we also expect total GAAP operating expenses of $141 million to $145 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which total approximately $10 million. We also expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $131 million to $135 million, which include approximately $4 million of deal-related expense. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be around $18 million for the third quarter of 2010, which includes non-cash interest expense of approximately $8 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million.  GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $4 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $3 million. We also expect total stock-based compensation expense of approximately $13 million to $14 million in the third quarter of 2010, of which $3 million to $4 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remainder in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures.  Our current fully-diluted share count is approximately 445 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Parag Agarwal of UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: The first question is on the third quarter guidance. One would have expected that given the [ph] extent (19:16) the guidance should have been a bit higher. I'm just wondering if there are any capacity constraints that are limiting the upside, and also if you could give some color on the guidance by end markets?
Keith Jackson: I will give you some color on the markets and also talk a little bit about that guidance. We do expect to manufacture and ship more than the high end of the range. The expectation we have, however, is that at this point, the distributors may be starting to build some inventory, and since we're on a sell-through basis, we are discounting any growth in inventories in the distribution channel. So unlike some of the others giving guidance who are on a sell-in basis, the sell-through really does make a difference as the distributors begin to accumulate inventory. From a market perspective, we're expecting very strong performance from the automotive and industrial sectors, and we're expecting strong performance from smart phones. Overall, the rest of the market should be closer to normal, or slightly sub-normal in their sequential patterns.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: As a follow-up, everybody in the industry is adding capacity, and we think that a lot of capacity should come online during the second half of the year. So I just wanted to get your perspective on -- I mean do you think that the end demand to be able to, for the capacity that is coming online right now?
Keith Jackson: Yes, you're asking for a projection that I'm not sure I have enough data to give you a sound answer. We have not seen abnormal or unusual capacity additions from the industry in general. So I haven't seen anything that alarms me overall. But as long as the demand is slightly higher than where we are today over the next year, I certainly think it will be easily absorbed by the marketplace.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from James Schneider of Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Could you maybe, just following up on the last question, give us an update on what your current revenue capacity is, including Gresham and your external network? And what you might have been able to ship if you had no capacity constraints?
Keith Jackson: Both of those are conjectures. Again, a lot of the backlog is distribution, and I am certain that if we shipped everything that was on backlog, it would turn into inventory. So on a sell-through basis, I have no way of really judging that. We do think that some number of 5% to 10% might be rational for supply less than demand during the quarter, of actually being used. But again, we don't have any way of firmly establishing that. As far as the total capacity, you have to balance our line. Gresham still has plenty of capacity left in it. As we've mentioned before, probably close to a theoretical $700 million worth of capacity is out there, getting to it in mix with front-end, back-end and all of the other supply constraints, of course, means you're going to get a yield less than that.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then maybe can you just describe what distribution inventory dollars did on an absolute basis in the quarter, and where that is relative to a normal or a prior peak level please?
Keith Jackson: So I'll let Donald check on the exact numbers but approximately $10 million to $15 million of increase, and the absolute dollars are still less than our peak of 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a question on the end market, Keith. In the computing side of things, when you describe that as one of the other segments that would be at or slightly below normal, were you talking about versus normal seasonality, or I guess maybe the pointed question is, what do you think is going in computing? Because it seems to imply that, that would be well below normal seasonality.
Keith Jackson: Yes. I think we had a slightly better than normal seasonality in the first half of the year. If we look at our numbers, at least, we certainly had that. As I look at Q3 for normal seasonality, we normally would see something that's closer to double-digit growth in computing. And I think we're much closer to mid-single digits in that marketplace this time around.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: And then, as we think forward about the revenue capacity and how you're going to put it in place with the CapEx that you have, how should we think about, again, you gave the theoretical but what should we think for the actual shippable capacity maybe exiting this year and how your going to address next year?
Keith Jackson: We're at a clip right now of adding somewhere around 8% per quarter of usable capacity. And that will continue through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. But then, that equipment's going to be kind of tapped out and we'll have to see what next year's expenditures will do.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: SANYO will mess up that math anyway, I assume.
Keith Jackson: It'll definitely change the mathematics there.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Ellis of Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Looks like ASPs are performing very well for a second consecutive quarter and flat sequentially. Keith, is the flat ASP action broadly indicative of what you're seeing out there? Or are there really more gives and takes than that equivalent with pricing?
Keith Jackson: Pricing is always complex, there's always gives and takes. It happened to work out kind of flattish in Q2. Normally, things are not stable, so they're going to head up slightly or down slightly as we go to Q3. Our best guess right now is flattish, but I would give a slightly positive bias to that.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: And then, Don, as you think about inventories and where you want to be exiting the third quarter, can you just help us understand how we should think about channel activity, and then what you'd target front-end?
Donald Colvin: I think Keith mentioned, Craig, that our revenue is a little bit -- guidance is a bit negatively impacted by the fact that we have a sell-through company. So we are still simulating that, as in the second quarter, the distribution inventories will increase in the third quarter by something like equivalent of 2% of revenues, something in that region, $12 million to $15 million region is what we're looking at today. So we would have had additional revenue if we were a sell-in rather than a sell-through company. And as far as internal inventories, I think similar percentage increases we saw in the second quarter is what we're tracking to currently.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Berger of FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: You touched on lead times a little bit but can you just talk about where some of the different pieces of the business are, and kind of how you expect those to fall over the next couple of quarters? And also, maybe what customer reaction might be as they do fall?
Keith Jackson: We're not expecting significant changes in the third quarter, Craig. They remain extended but again, just a brief reminder that the majority of our sales are in special service programs and not subject to lead times. So we're talking about [ph] jet (27:40) warehouses and vendor-managed inventory, et cetera. So the bulk of what we sell and the bulk of our customers don't see those lead times.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then as a follow-up, can you just refresh us on when you expect that SANYO deal to close? And how some of those first cost savings begin to roll in over time?
Donald Colvin: We announced about two weeks ago that we were shooting for SANYO to close beginning of November, so that's still on target. And we haven't any update to the integration benefits that we expect to yield. But again, I would just repeat what Keith said, is that within six quarters of closing, within 18 months, we expect that the business will be generating something like a $30 million per quarter contribution. And also, draw your attention to somewhat also increased comments in the formal portion, that our analysis of the business suggests that we will be able, eventually, to run pretty close to the kind of margins we are currently enjoying. And just on a quick personal note, I think I spent quite a lot of time when Keith was in Japan visiting customers, I would spend some time talking to investors, and I really got a lot of information from previous people who had looked to buying this asset. And I think it's fair to say that there was quite a unanimous view that this was a very attractive asset that was very complementary to things that we already do and that we got it for a reasonable price.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: What's the preference on cash versus stock with that transaction?
Donald Colvin: I've got a very clear indication from shareholders that they would prefer that we do not issue stock at the $6.77, whatever it was level that's worked into the agreement. We have heard that message loud and clear, and we are taking the appropriate actions to keep our shareholders happy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Danely of JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Sean [ph] Burke (29:59) here calling in for Chris. Just a quick one, quick follow-up there on the lead time question that Craig asked earlier. Can you reiterate where they are today and kind of where they rank with respect to your competitors? I mean some of the guys have talked about lead times coming in recently? And how much longer do you think it'll take to get them back to normal?
Keith Jackson: Again, I'll just point out that we don't have a standardized lead time reporting system amongst semiconductor companies, so I'm not sure how valuable specific numbers are. We still remain in the teens. It's longer than we normally would expect, which is kind of the eight to 12 range. I don't expect them to come in during the third quarter, possibly in the fourth quarter start seeing them come in. And again, this impacts approximately 30% of our customer base.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ramesh Misra of Brigantine Advisors.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: In regards to your gross margin guidance for Q3, I would've thought that it would actually trend down a little bit especially since you've hit your peak numbers and perhaps a little bit of a mix shift. But you're also pointing to greater strength in the Industrial and Automotive segment. Is that a key driver for gross margins continuing to improve? And how long do you anticipate this unseasonal trend in Auto and Industrial to continue?
Keith Jackson: So the gross margin sequential numbers there, the factory utilization should be approximately the same. It didn't change dramatically from Q1 to Q2 and it won't change dramatically from Q2 to Q3. So it's really not a covering fixed assets play here. There is mix involved and certainly we've seen the stronger mix from the markets you mentioned, which should help on the aggregate ASP side. But we also have some increases in our salary base. We do our annual global salary increases in July. So basically, you're getting positive ASP shifts from a market perspective, offset by some increased salaries and the net of that is the improvements that we forecasted.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: And then just briefly, can you talk about what costs are doing right now?
Keith Jackson: We still see metal costs under pressure. Gold, particularly, continues to be quite high. There's a bit of a fluctuation in the copper and nickel front but, nonetheless, they continue to be some pretty strong pressures on raw material costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terence Whalen of Citigroup.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc: This one relates to distribution. You made the comment that distribution would take on inventory again in the September quarter. This question though relates to sell-through. Is your expectation that distribution sell-through grow or decline in the September quarter?
Keith Jackson: I expect it to grow in the September quarter but not as fast as the ability to supply them product. So in essence, we would expect growth that is near or slightly below our total guidance and growth in inventory beyond that.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc: And then the second question relates to SANYO. I think you're being purposely vague when you say that you think the SANYO margins can come more in line with recent performance. When you say more in line, are you talking within a point or two on the operating margin line, or more of three, four?
Donald Colvin: What we stated on the call is that if you look at our EBITDA margin, we are in the mid-20s, and we believe that this business can eventually get to within four or five points of that over some period of time. That's certainly more years than months, but that's the kind of rough approximation we have. There's obviously a higher cost of servicing Japanese customers with a big infrastructure in Japan, which we will be retaining so that's why there's a bit of a haircut.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Vinh of Collins Stewart.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart LLC: You mentioned that your Q3 guidance had been slightly impacted by distribution inventory build. If the channel stops building inventory in Q4, is it possible that your Q4 revenues could be slightly up as a result of that?
Keith Jackson: If demand remains robust -- and it is fairly robust, albeit some of the markets growing a little less than seasonal, it's still a fairly robust market -- and there's no question that the distributors are not shipping all that their customers are asking for right now, having the additional material could help the distribution portion of the sales in the fourth quarter.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart LLC: And then my follow-up for Donald. On gross margins, Donald, can you remind us again on your Fab closure schedule and I think the Phoenix Fab is the next up for consolidation and is that obviously when we would expect to see the next meaningful uptick in gross margins at this point?
Donald Colvin: We have previously stated that and I can confirm it, that the Phoenix Fab closure was delayed and that would result in between 1% and 1.5% of gross margin improvement. We haven't finalized that. We are in the process of looking at the demand for the second half, and we'll make that determination. But I think we will certainly make the decision within the next six months or so and that we should benefit from that sometime next year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Patrick Wang of Wedbush Securities.
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Securities Inc.: First question here is just with the utilization starting to stabilize and I guess the Phoenix Fab closure on hold, is the primary driver on gross margins mix? Or are there any other moving parts we should think about?
Keith Jackson: Mix is probably going to have the biggest impact, as I mentioned earlier, over the next two quarters. And then when we close the Phoenix Fab, as Donald mentioned, you'll get another 1.5% or so, which is pretty substantial. But at least over the next couple quarters, mix is probably the largest element.
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Securities Inc.: And then I wanted to ask a little bit -- I wanted to ask about the disty side of things again. Is there any particular reason why you think that the disty's are building some inventories here in the third quarter?
Keith Jackson: Other than the data that I get in the comments that I've had from them saying that they are starting to see more material flow, and the pressure is easing, are words that they use. And those are both euphemisms for they've got more inventory.
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Securities Inc.: So it seems like they're maybe starting to get back to more normalized inventory levels.
Keith Jackson: I don't know that I would've gone that far. Our levels out there are still eight weeks, which is not normal. So I do think even with some slight build, it'll be a while before they're "normal" again.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Cassidy of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: With the PC demand being slightly below seasonal, is it a mix of notebook versus desktops? Or maybe could you give a little more details on that?
Keith Jackson: I do expect the desktop sector to be weaker than the notebook sector on a sequential basis. But it's tough for us to read that completely because we have products that go cross-platform. But my best guess right now would be that desktop's slightly weaker than the notebooks.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Maybe, if that relates to the ASPs also, but ASPs being flat, can you break that down some more, too. Is that with a higher exposure to proprietary products. Is that part of the reason, or I guess if you could give a little more detail on the ASPs remaining flat.
Keith Jackson: No, the ASPs is a broad-based comment. So the more commodity products certainly drive more impact than the proprietary. Our proprietary products, we tend to lock in longer-term deals with our customers on, and so that's pretty stable pricing to start with. It's really the commodities that move more in any given period than the proprietary devices.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Robert W. Baird.
Scott Herlin: This is Scott Herlin calling in for Tristan. I believe you mentioned earlier that Gresham was able to support $700 million of revenue. But I think before you guys have been talking about it at, maybe $450 million a couple of years ago. Can you walk us through how that's changed, is that mix? What's kind of caused that? And then I've got a follow-up.
Keith Jackson: The comment was actually not Gresham would do $700 million but that Gresham would enable us to build $700 million total. So there's really nothing changed from the Gresham perspective. We still have some capacity left in there to get to that $450 million to $500 million. But the total is what's going up, not Gresham itself.
Scott Herlin: Okay. That's still around $450 million?
Keith Jackson: Yes.
Scott Herlin: Okay. And then, you've been talking about where lead times are and how that's not as relevant because of the vendor-managed inventory. Can talk about your on-time delivery rate and has that changed at all for those vendor-managed inventory programs? And kind of, also, what those bookings look like into Q4, do you have any visibility right now into what that looks like as well?
Keith Jackson: We have good visibility into Q4. Most of our OEMs and distributors have placed orders through the end of the year, and that's pretty normal for when supplies are tight. But again, I'll remind you that, that backlog is pretty much all cancelable at any moment. So again, I wouldn't read anything into that one way or the other. But the answer is yes, we have lots of visibility into Q4 and it continues strong.
Scott Herlin: Any comment on the on-time delivery rate, because the 70% of revenues, that's not …
Keith Jackson: Yes, on-time delivery rate has suffered a bit in some of those programs but it's not dramatic.
Scott Herlin: And the on-time delivery rate hasn't increased over the last couple of weeks, or anything?
Keith Jackson: No, I mean it's not changing dramatically in either direction over the last two months.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Smigie of Raymond James.
Andrew Connor: This is Andrew Connor for Steve. Could talk a little bit about some of the segments within Consumer there. Have you guys seen any inventory-building in TDs at all, and has gaming rebounded here out of the holiday back-to-school season?
Keith Jackson: Gaming is rebounding. We're seeing good builds for the gaming side. We did see a slowdown in television orders after we exited the World Cup. There's some signs now that in Q4, it may be coming back again. But certainly, in the last month or so, there's been some weakness there based on perceived in-TV inventories.
Andrew Connor: And can you talk to the impact of the euro to your business in the quarter?
Donald Colvin: I think the euro was very volatile. One minute it was down, now it's back up again; it's basically back to where it started. I think the only thing we have is the rapid deterioration of the euro cost some realized foreign exchange losses. But we have a national hedge. Of course, we have a reasonable revenue in euros and a reasonable amount of expense. So I'd say that the main impact was probably we lost a bit of revenue and -- something in the $4 million, or $5 million range of revenue -- because of the weakness. But that looks like it's now back to a stronger position than it was at the bottom. So it's not a big movement for us.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-15 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson – IR Mark Frey – EVP and CFO Mark Thompson – President and CEO
Analysts: Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank Terence Whalen – Citi Romit Shah – Barclays Capital Parag Agarwal – UBS Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Steve Smigie – Raymond James Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak Bill Ong – Merriman
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor first quarter 2010 earnings conference. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dan Janson. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Janson: Good morning and thank you for dialing in to Fairchild Semiconductor's first quarter of 2010 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we will be attending the Deutsche Bank One-on-One Conference on May 13th in San Francisco; Robert Baird Growth Stock Conference in Chicago on May 18th; and the Raymond James Investor Conference in Boston on June 10th, as well as other investor roadshow meetings during the quarter. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our first quarter financial results and discuss the current status of second quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our Website at Fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we filed with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our Website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The Website also contains a 2010 Q1 fact sheet and a financial section with updated unaudited financial highlights, including detailed breakouts of segment, regional revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA. Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark Frey: Thanks Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I’m sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release that was issued earlier this morning. So I’ll focus on just a few key points. We continue to improve our product mix in cost structure during Q1 to deliver another solid quarter of financial results. We achieved a number of significant milestones in the first quarter, including the highest gross margin since the year 2000, record low channel inventory, and growing our cash and securities balance to now exceed our total debt for the first time in our history. Let’s review some of the details starting with the income statement. For the first quarter of 2010, Fairchild reported sales of $378 million, up 7% sequentially and 69% higher than the first quarter of 2009. Gross margin on a GAAP basis was 32.2% and included $1.3 million of accelerated depreciation. Adjusted gross was 32.5%, up 220 basis points from the prior quarter, as we continued improving product mix by ramping new products and mixing out lower margin products. Gross margin also benefited from higher factory loadings. R&D and SG&A expenses of $81 million were above our original forecast due primarily to higher variable costs, driven by stronger-than-expected demand. Our R&D and SG&A spending is expected to be slightly below 21% of sales in Q2 and on track to reach our target of 20% of sales due to the significant structural cost reduction actions during the year. First quarter adjusted net income of $32 million included adjusted tax expense of 20%, which is at the high end of our expectations due to some discrete tax items and a distribution of profits in higher tax jurisdictions. Adjusted EPS was $0.25. Now, I will review the first quarter highlights of our sales and gross margin performance for each of our product groups. In our MCCC business, sales increased 3% sequentially in what is typically the seasonally weakest quarter of the year. Sales growth was driven primarily through strong demand and new design wins at key wireless and computing customers. MCCC gross margin was up 1 percentage point sequentially to more than 35%, due primarily to the impact of new products and a better overall product mix. We grew PCIA sales 11% sequentially, driven primarily by higher demand for power conversion solutions, high voltage MOSFETs, smart power modules used in appliance applications and power products for the automotive markets. Gross margin increased 3 percentage points from the prior quarter to 34%, due primarily to the ramp of new products at higher margins and mix-out of less profitable products. Standard product sales increased less than 3%, while unit shipments actually decreased 8% sequentially, as we continue to ship our production capacity to a higher value product mix. Gross margin improved more than 3 percentage points compared to the prior quarter as a result of this effort. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow, we held internal inventory roughly flat at 69 days, as sales growth offset the $9 million increase in our work-in-process inventories in raw materials. We improved the mix of fast-turning inventory again in Q1, which enables us to provide comparable service levels with lower inventory. Days of sales outstanding or DSOs increased about 2 days from the prior quarter to 37 days, and remained better than our historical average. We generated $36 million of free cash flow during the quarter, bought back roughly $8 million of stock and ended the quarter with $481 million in cash and securities. We are particularly excited that our efforts to reduce debt and increase cash generation over the last year enabled us to build a cash and securities balance that now exceeds our total debt. We have the best balance sheet in our history now, and we expect to further improve cash generation and reduce debt in coming quarters. Now, turning to forward guidance, given our backlog position and new product momentum, we expect to increase sales to $395 million to $400 million in the second quarter. Our current schedule backlog is sufficient to achieve the low end of this range. We still have availability for certain packages in the current quarter, and we are working on numerous approaches to optimize supply, which combined could support sales at the high end of the range or better. We expect to increase gross margin to 33% to 34%, due primarily to a richer product mix as a number of new designs ramped into production. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending of $82 million to $84 million in the second quarter, which at the midpoint is slightly under 21% of sales. We expect to hold this level of R&D and SG&A spending until we reach our target of 20% of sales. Net interest expense is forecast to be roughly $2 million to $3 million per quarter this year. The blended adjusted tax rate is forecast at 15% to 20% for the quarter, as with last quarter, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce second quarter results. Now, I will turn the call over to
Mark Thompson: Thanks Mark. We made significant progress over the last year in sustainably improving our product portfolio, tightening our R&D focus, streamlining our operations, improving inventory management and reducing costs. Our first quarter results clearly reflect this progress as we significantly increased sales, gross margin, and earnings while maintaining record low inventories. What may be less apparent is the pipeline of exciting new products and design wins that are ramping now and expected to accelerate throughout 2010 and 2011. I will begin my comments with more details about these new opportunities and explain how we are building a sustainable advantage in key new technologies. I will wrap up with a review of current quarter performance. PCIA posted 11% sales growth in the first quarter, driven by a broad lineup of power solutions supporting rapid content growth in consumer, industrial, power supply, and automotive end markets. We made significant investments in silicon and package technologies over the last five years, which has positioned us as a clear leader in power modules, high voltage MOSFETs, and IGBTs. We also invested heavily in power conversion technologies, including the acquisition of System General a few years ago that enabled us to provide industry-leading efficiency across a wide range of power requirements. Our new technologies are ideally positioned to capitalize on our customers’ increased focus on improving power efficiency. Our innovative T-Series power conversion products provide the highest level of integration performance in the mid-power range available in the market. Our advanced package provides low profile form factors, which enables channel TV makers to further reduce thickness of LED backlight products. We are ramping this product line rapidly in response to very strong demand. Our latest Fairchild Power Switch or FPS solutions provide industry-leading standby power consumption performance. We are scaling up production for these products to support new design wins in two major game platforms as well as a number of new set-top box designs. We are shipping our third-generation primary side regulator or PSR solutions that enable exceptional standby power performance, while reducing component count in low-to-mid power battery chargers. We have a number of key design wins for these products and are expected to ramp in the second half of the year. Our high-voltage products posted a 13% sequential gain in sales led by strong demand in the LCD TV backlighting, power supply, server power appliance and industrial markets. Customers are increasingly choosing our power modules and power MOSFETs, and IGBTs to develop products with greater efficiency. The move to more efficient designs is particularly evident in the consumer appliance market in Asia. The largest appliance makers in the world are moving rapidly to variable speed inverter type motors to dramatically improve the energy efficiency of refrigerators, washing machines, and air-conditioners. Fairchild is an industry leader in power module solutions, customers need to make this transition from single-speed AC motors to the latest inverter types. The results are evident in the 36% sequential sales growth we posted for our smart power modules or SPM product line this quarter. We expect this strong growth trend to continue for many years, as customers continue to make the conversion to new designs. Our content in these designs is typically $4 or more compared to little or no content in the old generations. When you consider that more than 60 million refrigerators alone will be built in 2010 and only a tiny fraction have converted to inverter motors, you can understand the opportunities. This is rapidly becoming a large and very profitable market for Fairchild. Sales for our power management solutions for the automotive sector jumped 15% from the prior quarter, as we expanded our market into power steering modules. We are designing power steering modules at three major automobile manufacturers and have more design wins in progress. We expect strong sales growth for these solutions as carmakers seek greater fuel economy in their products. We also continue to be a market leader in high-voltage IGBTs for ignition coils. MCCC sales increased 3% sequentially in what is typically a down quarter. Our better-than-seasonal growth was due primarily to strength in computing demand coupled with a number of new products ramping into production for the handset market. Over the last five years, we made significant investments to develop our analog franchise in the mobile segment. We built on our industry-leading analog switch technology and now offer a wide range of USB and multimedia switch solutions as well as high frequency voltage regulators for a number of handsets sub systems. In our low voltage MOSFET business, we are recognized as an industry leader in technology and performance. Our superior technology enables the smallest die size in best performance, which translates into higher unit output at industry-leading margins. We continue to win new designs for our innovative USB analog switches in the handset market. We are ramping these new products at two major customers now and expect to proliferate these solutions at other leading handset makers in the next year. We are rapidly expanding our relationship with a new smartphone customer to a wide range of analog and power management solutions. In our voltage regulator business, we are gaining share at a number of new handset customers and expect sales to grow significantly as these models begin shipping. We remain a technology leader in low-voltage MOSFET and as we roll out our latest PT7 and PT8 based products. These advanced trench products are 30% to 40% smaller in die size which allows us to provide greater unit output at attractive margins. Our new dual pool package technology provides the best combination of form factor and MOSFET performance available today. We are scaling that production to support new design wins for these products in computing, telecom, servers, and consumer electronics applications. Turning now to the current quarter performance, we delivered results in the first quarter that exceeded our initial expectations in virtually all aspects of the business. We grew sales 7% sequentially in what is typically a down quarter, while further reducing our days of inventory in the distribution channel. Distribution sell-through increased 5% [ph] sequentially in the first quarter, which is significantly better than seasonal and our fourth consecutive quarter of growth. The strong sell-through drove reduction in channel inventory of about 2% from the prior quarter, resulting in a record low 7.8 weeks of inventory. While this level of inventory is quite low historically, the mix of pattern with products to slow returning inventory improved again in Q1. After five consecutive quarters of reducing the inventory of our products in the distribution channel, we believe the supply chain is extremely lean at all levels. Order rates were robust across a broad range of end markets, with the greatest strength in computing, industrial and automotive. Geographically, we posted double-digit sequential gains in North America, Europe, and Korea, while Asia continued to be very solid. Sales growth was similar and above seasonal in both our OEMs and our distribution channels. We raised adjusted gross margin another 2 points to 32.5%, which was the highest level since 2000. Many of the design wins I discussed earlier are just starting to ship. So, we expect to build on the margin and earnings improvement momentum through 2010 and beyond. Overall, product pricing in Q1 remains a bit better than typical as is the case last quarter. Most of our product sales for the top tier customers were pricing trends typically negotiated well in advance. We are raising some prices on lower margin standard products to proactively manage our supply and free up capacity for faster growing more profitable products. Our margin expansion in MCCC and PCIA is driven primarily through new products and better mix. Pricing has not been a significant driver in those performances. Factory utilization increased again in Q1 and we continue to improve equipment efficiency, optimize our product mix and selectively add capacity to support our customers. Lead times also increased during the quarter, reflecting our higher utilization. We are working closely with our top tier customers, which represent about 75% of our sales and believe we have excellent visibility to their demand. We maintained capacity reservation in our order management system for these key customers, so that they can be confident in our supply commitment. In closing, I think there are a number of key points to take away from our current results and future guidance. First, our focus on power management and mobile markets has helped us to deliver strong sales and earnings growth. We invested heavily in silicon and package capabilities over the last five years to build a sustainable technology advantage that we are now leveraging to provide greater unit output at higher margins. We tightened our R&D focus a year ago, which is driving better execution on new products and in turn support sales and margin expansion. Inventories remained lean throughout the supply chain and the mix of fast-turning products continue to improve. This allows us to better support customer needs at historically well inventory levels. Finally, we are effectively optimizing our supplies through improvement and equipment efficiency, product mix management, new silicon technologies that increase die output, selective use of external manufacturers and discipline capital investment. I believe these actions will allow us to gain share in key power management and analog markets while sustainably improving margin and earnings. Thank you, and I will turn it back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks Mark. We will now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks and let’s take the first question, please.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: The results, just a question on the capacity side of the equation, what do you think your revenue capacity is today assuming kind of a normal mix? And are you going to have to spend more CapEx to adjust that?
Mark Thompson: Ross, our capacity currently obviously supports our current revenue range and probably a little more. Again, as you point out, it’s dependent on mix. The few things that we are doing steadily across or currently and we will be doing across the year is the bottlenecking of selective capacity additions and some aggressive lean programs as well. So, we will – our target is obviously to get it some better than $400 million in the current quarter, and our current plans will be to improve that each quarter during the year, and exit the year with a number somewhere between $420 million and $430 million, which we think is roughly consistent with expectations for demand.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: That change, how much do you have to spend in CapEx to do or is there more of efficiency?
Mark Thompson: No, it’s all efficiency. Our estimates that we put out in the 6% to 7% range are what we are holding ourselves to it.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: And one follow-on on the incremental growth margins, as we get to this point of utilization etcetera, it looks like it is closer to kind of the low-to-mid 50s implied in your guidance, how should we think about that going forward?
Mark Thompson: When you say low 50s, you mean like fall-through?
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: Yes, correct.
Mark Frey: You know, I think fall-through is less part of the formula and essentially mix is much more important, meaning we trade off capacity that we were using for lower margin products to use it for the new product ramps that are at higher margins. But I think 50% is consistent, I don’t think that, that actual observation will change.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terence Whalen.
Terence Whalen – Citi: Hi, thanks for taking my question. This one relates to the competitive environment, can you, Mark, can you comment on what the dynamic is right given that as you sort of mix out of some of your markets, other competitors come in to meet demand there, how do you view the longer-term competitive dynamic of some of those markets that you are walking away from, are those markets that you are permanently walking away from, or you know, as supply alleviates or there (inaudible)? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: So, Terence, I think, so the way to look at the things that we are or I would like to call marginalizing typically will have more than three suppliers and they are typically standard products that easily cross each other. And so, where we see opportunities to use our factory capacity for good new products then we minimize those. You know, I am not sure the difference between having four players or six players in some of those markets really changes the dynamic materially. And so, if you look at standard logic for example, there haven’t been a lot of new entrants in standard logic as one of the ones that we have minimized somewhat during the current cycle. So, I think that there are a number of established players in those basis that can take us the capacity, but I am not sure it’s really – I don’t see a lot of new entrants, say moving in to take some of those. You know, there are certain categories or some small Asian players that are moving into some corners of standard products, but I don’t – it’s not a big trend that I can see.
Terence Whalen – Citi: Okay, that’s helpful. And then on, the follow-up question is on business unit gross margin, I think we are at 35% for MCCC and 34% for PCIA. Based on the pipeline of new design-ins and new products that you talked about in your prepared comments, what is the expectation for those businesses? Is one structurally going to have a lot higher gross margin than the other, or are they going to be similar going forward. And based on what you think is your new product capability and new design and penetration, where do the gross margins of those businesses go? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: Sure. So, Terence, the margin progression for both of those, we expect to be similar. So, right now as you point out, MCCC is moderately ahead of PCIA, and I would expect that to continue. That said, the performance of our PCIA units has been exceptional, and I don’t or I wouldn’t be surprised to see it post some very surprising and positive margin numbers in the not too distant future. The acquisition of System General was really a key aspect of getting much more advanced solutions out in the market, and we find ourselves in leadership positions in many aspects of power supply space, and those are at very attractive margins. So, I expect both of them to go up. I wouldn’t expect them to be separated by more than a few points at any given time. And odds are MCCC in front, but wouldn’t be surprised to see PCIA overtake them.
Terence Whalen – Citi: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks and good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shah with Barclays Capital.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Hi guys, good morning. Mark, I just wanted to follow up on the question about capacity, because it does seem like you are being much more conservative about adding capacity this year versus prior year’s event. I just wanted to get a little bit more, you know, insight your thinking on that, are you at all skeptical about you know resales continuing to be this strong or are you trying to ensure that you know, you don’t (inaudible) momentum that you guys have today?
Mark Thompson: So, Romit, much more the second point than the first. I do think that as an operating principle, you never want to get too far ahead of the demand picture. The demand picture is very solid. There is no signs of cracks in it at all. And no matter how hard we scrub, we can’t see any slackening. That said, margin progression requires that we steadily displace the lower end with the higher end and constraining the factor environment is the best way to ensure that, that happens. And so, we made – the other thing I would add is that we have become increasingly focused over the years, focused on fewer part numbers, narrower but more capable product family, that frankly are both capital efficient. And so, that allows us to do that. Finally, we see a lot of opportunities at the factory level with those cleaner product families to drive a lot of re-initiatives, so what we call it, free capacity. So, we are also really challenging our manufacturing community who are stepping up nicely to give us that capacity without significant key additions. And so all those things net out to having the best interest of the company and therefore the shareholders to be in a constrained capital environment, while still being able to move the topline positively and significantly and disproportionately progress margins.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Do you risk at all losing market share to suppliers that, that may have lower lead times in Fairchild?
Mark Thompson: I think our lead times today are at least competitive. So, I don’t see that as a negative driver. I mean, I think the key thing is in the places where we are targeting leadership, we are not being lean on capacity. They just always get to go to the front of the line first, if we need more capacity. Again 6% to 7% is more than $100 million if you take, you know, just the consensus numbers for the company for the current year as an estimate. So, it’s a lot of capital and you can get a lot of capacity with $100 million.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital:
 :
Mark Frey: Romit, I will add that most of the companies we compete with have announced capital targets about the same as our own. 
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Okay, and that’s good to hear. Just a final question for me, do you guys expect channel inventories to stay about the same this quarter, the June quarter, or would you expect it to rise a little bit?
Mark Thompson: So, I would say that the channel inventories are in control and will remain in control. I think that last quarter we commented that, you know, 8 weeks is a pretty good competitive level. We are reasonably satisfied with our service levels, and you know, expect to put a collar around 8 weeks. So, it might go up a little, it might go down a little, but we intend to keep it roughly where it is today.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: All right. Thanks, great job.
Operator: Our next question comes from Parag Agarwal with UBS.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. In the past, you have talked about using a foundry for your dual flow package series, could you update us on the progress on that front and when we should see the external foundry come online?
Mark Frey: Sure. So, as we have previously commented, we have struck an important relationship with a leader in foundry services. That will begin to come online as in the form of customers actually buying products from that right at the end of the current quarter, and will begin to meaningfully impact the second half of the year.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Okay. And –
Mark Frey: So, back to one of the earlier questions about capacity and capital, that is an important part of the ability to progress the year with a constrained capital budget.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Okay. Secondly, you talked about having a greater visibility into the customer demand, just wondering how you see the second half seasonality and how much of production you see coming from your external foundry partner?
Mark Thompson: Sure. So, I am not – I guess I am not knowledgeable enough to predict seasonality for the second half of the year. I think all I would say is that the, as I commented earlier, we see no or absolutely no signs of any mitigation of the current, very strong demand environment, and normally, you would see something in the form of changes in order patterns and maybe a little bit of follow-off in point of sales distribution. There’s lots of little signs that you see. There is absolutely no evidence of anything changing. So, currently, the outlook for the second half based on all the data that’s available to us is quite strong. Where will be – you know, where anybody else, we will all know more in a quarter right, what it would look like, but at this point, it looks very strong.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Hi guys, nice job and thanks for the question. Can you talk about how much visibility you have beyond the distributors or into your OEM customers, I mean to some of the sell-through strength out of just and your sell-through strength, you know, the downstream customers replenishing and as part of that, can you just help us understand, are lead times still going up or they starting to come down and when do you think they meaningfully come down? Thanks.
Mark Thompson:
 : So, if I look at our lead times, they range from single digits to the well out into the high teens depending on the package type and always the distribution, but it doesn’t skew the order pattern. So, that gives us a lot of confidence that there is not a lot of speculative ordering because typically when you get into the shortage-driven speculative order, it tends to match the lead times and that is not what we are seeing. And so, we are seeing our customers’ supply chain doing a good job of trying to anticipate what their needs are and putting a fairly complete depth of orders out there to work with. So, you know, in terms of the inventory picture, we get weekly in some cases daily views of the point of sale data and so, we are quite committed and in fact if you look at how we do the ranges, we have for more than a year when we do our estimates, just take our – a scrub of our point of sale estimates, add that to our OEM schedules and that range is the one that we offer to the investment community. So, when I look at that, those have naturally some air bar associated with it. So, we don’t – there is no prospect for increasing distribution inventory in that. For the OEM portion, we don’t have that visibility, you know, with nobody, none of the OEMs give their suppliers visibility into what they have got on their shelves. So, we have to for that rely on their own inventory reports and so forth. But there is no evidence at any level that we can see that there is anything looking like replenishing. In fact, I think it’s really an issue of more of a hand-to-mouth environment where I think inventories are very low in lots of places and people are working hard to just make sure they have got the product they need to build the products they want to sell to their customers.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Thank you for that. And then I guess the next question I have is, did I hear you right that you guys are committed to keeping that 82 million to 84 million in operating expense spending until that is 20% of sales, is that right, so, even if that stretches into 2011? 
Mark Thompson: Yes, we are committed to keeping it at that level until we hit 20%.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: And then just lastly, you talked, you have been talking a bit about new design wins in mobile and some of the other stuff, can you talk about specific devices that you are ramping into or the timing of when those hit, maybe who some of the top customers are, any other detail on the design wins driving new growth? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: So, if you look at the mobile space, we have worked hard over the last, particularly three years to make sure that our customers represent all of the leading smartphone makers, and so we feel very good today that we are nicely distributed in that space. So, as share shifts as it inevitably does in such a fast moving market, we are probably as agnostic as is possible to be regarding that. If you look at the things that are driving there, there is a range of things. There is a lot of interplay between people’s design. So, when we do an advanced regulator for one leading handset maker, you discover that there is interest in it in other places. So, the key things that are driving growth there, on the interface side, there is expanding interest in the data interconnect, in audio, and video interconnect, on the power management side, there is LED lighting solutions, obviously that’s a very important part of the whole user experience. And then, discrete and in some cases, small PMU kinds of things, power management units that drive feature migration. So, that’s the family of products that’s expanding kind of both horizontally and vertically and are in all cases plugged into all the top smartphone companies.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: One last one, sorry, on the fab closures that you guys still have planned at this point, can you just remind us how much savings is still ahead of us and I ask that within the context of depreciation is still kind of high and well above your cap expense. Thanks so much.
Mark Frey: With the top and with normal depreciation falloff, you know, we are looking for another 550 basis points on just that for next year, towards the end of next year.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Hi good morning. With labor shortages which hit the production of some finished goods in China in Q1, have you seen that, did this have any impact, small impact on your revenues, and if so, when would you expect that situation to return back to normal?
Mark Thompson: Tristan, certainly the labor situation in China in challenging for everyone. We were able to build what we plan to build in our China plan, and we didn’t see a lot of evidence that either our key suppliers or our customers were substantially impacted, but like many aspects of the supply chain currently, it’s in what I would describe as a hand-to-mouth environment.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Okay. And could you provide some more specific in terms of your pricing increases, what could be percentages and what percentage of your product portfolio would be impacted by those?
Mark Thompson:
 : So, particularly, so if you look at where we increased prices, it’s overwhelmingly in our standard products portfolio, which is around 10% of our business, and obviously we haven’t raised all of those prices either. So, if you were to look at it on a flow basis, we are only increasing prices in a small corner of the business, let’s say fewer than 10% of our part numbers, and as I said, primarily to modulate demand.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Great, that’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning guys. Congratulations. Mark, I understand your philosophy to try to maintain a good balance on capacity growth relative to what you want to do with the mix. I am kind of curious, if you take a step back and look at what the industry is doing around capacity, there are clearly some players out there that are adding pretty aggressively. So, I am trying to get a sense of when you look at some of the mix shift that you have been able to do, how much of that do you think is sustainable, you know, versus you being opportunistic relative to competitors’ lead times, and as those lead times come in, can you kind of hold the mix as rigid as it has been over the last few quarters? Thank you.
Mark Thompson:
 : Our lead times, we would seek to have those be competitive, and we think they have been and we think they are. Everyone’s lead time is extending out or has extended versus say a year ago for sure. And I think that’s what you need, you just need to be competitive in order to maintain your share position in that environment.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: And then, Mark, as my follow-up, can you just talk a little bit about how you would expect the end market composition to maybe changed March [ph] into June?
Mark Thompson: I am not sure we expect it to change that much. If we look at the drivers, they remain roughly the same, you know, certainly expectations for computing are quite strong. I mean, Intel’s commentary obviously is a good indicator of that. All signs are that the third quarter will be very strong in smartphone space. So, we would expect that to remain vibrant. There is a lot of really interesting stuff going on in the industrial space from smart meters to all kinds of things that need high efficiency power supplies, all that’s growing nicely. And the reception of things like your power modules for the conversion from hydraulic power steering to electronic power steering is getting very broad acceptance. It’s an easy and cheap way to improve fuel economy. Those we see the acceptance growing on. So, the basic drivers have good legs, and the trends at this point look pretty solid as far as we consume.
Dan Janson: Hi John, this is Dan. The only other thing I would add to what Mark just explained is that we are seeing, you know, a stronger consumer booking pattern now as we finished up the first quarter going into the second quarter, which is pretty common seasonally, but the consumer bookings, you know, point to a stronger consumer content going forward as well.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Great, thanks Dan. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Great, thank you. Lot of questions asked about the capacity here, but I don’t think you commented on if Mountain Top’s closure has been pushed back at all in sort of the timing over [ph] that might be, and along those lines, could you just indicate percentage utilization front and backend?
Mark Thompson: So, Steve, first the Mountain Top, our plan of record is mid-2011 and that has not changed. If we look at utilization, we have been at target utilization in aggregate essentially since the fourth quarter. And so, we don’t see that changing, and so the progress across the year that you will see on the topline will be primarily driven by selective capital additions and by lean kind of activities where you get basically more output for a given level of utilization. And that’s really what would drive the year.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Okay. And then just thinking about, you know, we are not too far away from people certainly think about what’s going to happen in 2011, and in terms of thinking about that, can you give some sense of how much you think dollar-wise you may have put into the channel for starting to rebuild, now clearly the days continue to come down, but some sense of, if you will, dollar restocking in sort of you look at 2011 over 2010 growth, you know, we want to make sure not double accounting there. So, any help you can give on that? And then last question is if you can just give some sense of where you think share count might be in the quarter, this coming quarter, thanks.
Mark Thompson: Sure, Steve. So, five quarters in a row, we have taken dollars in the channel down. So, that’s been the trend. So, there is, I don’t think a lot of opportunities to interpret anything I would categorize as replenishment in that trend. As I commented earlier, we are comfortable now with the level that’s out there we think a number in the 7.5 weeks to 8 weeks is pretty lean. And so, we are – what we need to do to maintain service levels, so we wouldn’t expect that to decline. So, again, we will match point of sales from this point on as we, as largely did this quarter, although slightly under short. And so, as POS in the event that it were to roll off at some point, then our shipments then would follow it down. As I commented earlier, we get no worse than weekly updates on that information. So, we can never be more than a few days disequilibrated from what the market is doing. And so, I think that we – potential for having too much inventory in the channel is pretty low.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Okay, just share count for this June quarter, please?
Mark Frey: 129 to 130.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Great, thanks a lot guys. Great quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, great quarter, and thanks for taking my question. In your capacity (inaudible) your bottlenecks you talked about with some of the manufacturing, can you say whether it’s wafer-related or package or test and what are the plans undoing the bottlenecks?
Mark Thompson: Sure, so bottle, you know, they have scattered all over the place. So, if you look at where they occur sometimes the frontend, sometimes the backend, sometimes their assembly, sometimes the test. So, when we do our several time a week scrub on the new mix what we want to ship, our planning engine blows across the factories, and we take a look at where there are emerging bottleneck situations and then go fix those. So, it’s not overwhelmingly concentrated in one place or another.
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Just as a follow-up, so there is no specific packaging shortage?
Mark Thompson: So, there are places where there are specific shortages. I mean, some of the OFN type packages particularly the larger ones for computing are pretty constrained not only for us, but in the industry. That’s becoming less of a problem in the sense that we are aggressively moving to smaller footprint packages, which we have got enough capacity then to get enough capacity for. So, that’s one place where there is definitely some shortages.
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Hi good morning. I guess approaching the same question. Just given your press release, just curious, if you can just delineate between you know, your constraints if you will between the backend and front end? Have you really on the front end put out some of our products and you just on aggregate not between different products, on aggregate a little bit constrained on the backend?
Mark Thompson: So, there is not a good proportionate constraint front end to back. It’s product, if you look at the cross product to package type and die type, there isn’t an overwhelming pattern to it, which is more or less what you would expect for a very broad based strength and demand. So, it’s not say categorized in computing products, therefore you would say, well it’s low voltage MOSFETs and you know, QFN and SOE package types. And so, it does lend itself, so the solutions lends itself to the one that we are taking, which is a broad-based approach to steady the bottlenecking. And so, if you look at the numbers, if you take the 400ish number that we have offered for the current quarter, and the number that I offered that we expect to be able to get to by yearend, then the 420 to 430, those are – those support some pretty significant quarterly progressions in the ability to service the topline. And so, that’s one that’s better than historical growth both for the industry or segments if you look at that. So, I think the plan that we are executing are consistent with the probable demand environment. I guess that may be the simplest way to put it.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: (inaudible) pretty low, that’s just the, you know, your visibility is much better in the comp industrial and auto segment versus PC that we are going to go through?
Mark Thompson: I am sorry, could you repeat the question?
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Your turns orders look low by storage vendors into June quarter. So, your communication in industrial and auto segment which pretend to be a more longer lead time, is that what, you know, is that what your turns are so much lower?
Mark Thompson: Yes. So, again I think the turns business is very low, I mean, large part, because people have booked in advance and so, I am not sure which is the chicken and which is the egg. But when people book a long time in advance, you don’t really have that much need for turns business and they don’t have that much need to place a short lead order. And so, that’s certainly the environment if I were to say for mid, let’s just say midyear for this quarter and the third quarter. That’s what the environment looks like.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Okay.
Mark Thompson: It’s very broad-based, it’s not a single industry segment that looks that away, all looks that way.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: I guess the only concern, you know, everything in the quarter is great. The only concern is the PC display segment which is, you know, way better than a normal seasonality, with that, where you were all, getting a little bit better results in the PC space?
Mark Thompson: I mean, I worry about everything I guess, but I don’t specifically worry about that more than anything else. If you look at the, sort of the underlying dynamics that I think is playing out and putting out in stage in PC right now is that I think everyone deferred purchase in particularly in the first half of 2009. And companies did, everybody did well. You know, we are all waiting to see what was going to happen before the economy. And so, there is the thing that I think often been tagged with replenishment isn’t in fact it’s deferred purchase. So, I think the strength in current markets is being driven by, if I use myself as a specific example, you know, my Dell, my notebook computer charge circuit stopped working, it wasn’t portable anymore, it was an old computer, four years old. I didn’t replace it until this year just because we were like everybody else in a highly off-gear mode in terms of spending money. So, I think that’s played inside of all corners of the global economy and I think it’s showing up now as the economies are more healthy. Certain expenses particularly in productivity tools, you know, can’t be deferred indefinitely and I think those are coming in, and so, I think that demand is realistically strong. I don’t think it’s going on shelf, I think it’s going out and it looks like it’s got real legs to it.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Okay, appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Dan Janson: Laura, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Bill Ong with Merriman.
Bill Ong – Merriman: Yes, congratulation on a solid quarter. Just wanted some clarifications on pricing, today’s pricing were newly introduced, generally higher than comparable products a few years ago due to more features and performance or prices still only about the same and just lowered your manufacturing costs?
Mark Thompson: So, Bill, there is a couple of moving parts to that. So, if you look at the ASP trend that we share, if I just look at the immediate trend, the ASP trend from Q4 to Q1 was up. So, even though pricing on a part number basis is down a little bit to ASP results. So, we sold, made and sold more of higher priced parts. Now, if you look in the categories, if I were to look in analog for example, I will just give three specific examples. In analog, it’s exactly what you describe. If you go from a discrete regulator to a small PMU, you have got more features in that and it does more things and it has a higher price associated with it. If you look at the move from discrete solutions to integrated power modules, those have dramatic, as I commented, power modules for a refrigerator might be $4 or $5, and so that will show up as a single ASP at $4 or $5 as opposed to a Ruble [ph] of things or dime [ph]. If I got to MOSFETs for example, the thing that we are aggressively driving in the mobile space is we have got the smallest DC/DECREASE solutions in the world, so small in fact that we can sell them for less than our competitors and make higher margins than our competitors. So, if you actually look on a socket-to-socket basis, there you actually see the ASP going down. You know, if you go from a say, 5 by 6 package to a 3 by 3 package, the actual price of the 3 by 3 is less, but the cost is disproportionately less. So, the margin goes up. So, there is not a single conversion that you can look in that. You got to look at the product category, but those examples will describe the broad trends that are driving our results.
Bill Ong – Merriman:
 :
Mark Thompson: Thank you.
Mark Frey: Thanks Ong.
Dan Janson: Thank you Bill, and with that, that will conclude our call today. Thank you for your interest in Fairchild.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson – IR Mark Frey – EVP, CFO and Treasurer Mark Thompson – Chairman, President & CEO
Analysts: Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank Terence Whalen – Citi Romit Shah – Barclays Capital Parag Agarwal – UBS Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Steve Smigie – Raymond James Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak Bill Ong – Merriman Curhan & Ford Eric Ghernati – BoA/Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor fourth quarter and year-end 2009 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead.
Dan Janson: Good morning and thank you for dialing in to Fairchild Semiconductor's fourth quarter 2009 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's President and CEO, and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we will be attending the Thomas Weisel Technology and Telecom Conference on February 9th and the Morgan Stanley Technology Media and Telecom Conference on March 2nd, both in San Francisco, as well as other investor road show meetings during the quarter. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our fourth quarter financial results and discuss the current status of first quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay of this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Now, Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we filed with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a 2009 Q4 fact sheet and a financial section with updated unaudited financial highlights, including detailed breakouts of segment and regional revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA. Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I’m sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release that was issued earlier this morning. So I’ll focus on just the key points in my comments. Strong sales growth coupled with disciplined cost and asset management allowed us to post solid improvements in our financial results for the fourth quarter. We exceeded our gross margin guidance for the quarter. We are well positioned to continue this trend in 2010. Cash flow generation was one of our primary goals for last year. And I’m particularly pleased to report that we generated record free cash flow in 2009. The result of our solid earnings growth and cash flow is that we entered 2010 with the lowest level of debt and one of the strongest balance sheets in our history. Let’s review some of the details starting with the income statement. For the fourth quarter of 2009, Fairchild reported sales of $354.5 million, up 7% sequentially and 11% higher than the fourth quarter of 2008. Gross margin on a GAAP basis was 29.7% and included $2 million of accelerated depreciation. Adjusted growth was 30.3%, up 340 basis points from the prior quarter, as we benefited from a better mix due to new products and our focus on higher value sockets as well as firmer pricing and higher factory loadings. This represents an 80% fall-through of incremental revenue, gross profit in the quarter. R&D and SG&A expenses were $73 million, up $5 million from the prior quarter, due primarily to the reinstatement of employee benefits and higher expenses driven by our activity level. Employees took less time off than planned over the holidays, which resulted in higher payroll costs as we worked to support increased customer demand. We also had higher variable cost associated with our greater than expected revenue volume. Other expenses in the quarter included a $6 million charge for litigation and $6 million in restructuring and impairments. We also recorded a $1.2 million gain associated with debt buyback, which caused net interest and other expenses to decrease to $3 million for the quarter. Fourth quarter adjusted net income of $30 million benefited from a 1% adjusted tax rate, which was the result of the recognition of certain discrete tax benefits in the quarter and a favorable distribution of profits in legal jurisdictions with low tax rates. Adjusted EPS was $0.23. Now I’d like to review fourth quarter highlights of our sales and gross margin performance for each of our product groups. In our MCCC business, sales increased 5% from the prior quarter, driven primarily by a 16% increase in mobile power products as well as stronger low voltage and logic sales. Overall, MCCC's gross margin was up 5 percentage points sequentially to 35% due primarily to better product mix, lower manufacturing costs, and higher factory loadings. We grew PCIA sales nearly 8% sequentially, driven primarily by higher demand for high voltage MOSFETs, IGBTs and modules. Gross margin increased 3 percentage points from the prior quarter to 31% due primarily to a more favorable product mix, better pricing, and higher factory loadings. Standard discrete technology and standard linear product sales increased roughly 10%, and gross margin improved 3 percentage points compared to the prior quarter, due primarily to favorable product mix and pricing. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow, we reduced internal inventories by three days to 69 days, and sales growth more than offset a $7 million increase primarily in finished goods. We improved our DSOs by another two days to 34 days in Q4, while days payables outstanding increased four days to 44 days. We generated $43 million of free cash flow during the quarter and $129 million in 2009. We used this cash flow to pay off another $44 million in debt during Q4, bringing the total for the year to $63 million. That represents a 12% decrease in our total debt since the beginning of 2009. We bought back this debt below par where possible and recorded a $2 million net gain in 2009 as a result of these actions. We expect to accelerate our cash flow in 2010, as sales and margins improve, and plan to further reduce our debt level during the year. Turning now to the current status of first quarter business. Our scheduled backlog for first quarter shipments is currently at $369 million, which is roughly $33 million higher than at this point a quarter ago. Included in this amount is approximately $20 million of backlog that we booked in the first 3.5 weeks of this quarter. We expected both distributor sell-through and OEM demand will continue to track above seasonal levels in Q1. Given the solid order rates this quarter and our starting backlog position, we expect the first quarter sales to be roughly $370 million while further improvements in product mix help drive adjusted gross margin to a range of 31% to 32%. We expect R&D and SG&A spending to be approximately $78 million in Q1. Interest expense for the first quarter is expected to be roughly $3 million, while our adjusted tax rate should be in the range of 15% to 20%. We remain disciplined in our capital investment plans with spending forecast to be between 6% and 7% of sales in 2010. We anticipate recording approximately $2 million in charges and $2 million in accelerated depreciation in the first quarter associated with previously announced fab closure actions. As with last quarter, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce first quarter results. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark Thompson: Thanks, Mark. Before I address our performance in Q4, I want to share my perspective on 2009 and why I believe the actions taken during this year created more focus to streamline Fairchild capable of delivering strong sales and margin growth in 2010 and beyond. Recall that the industry began 2009 with a weak backlog position and very limited demand visibility, as customers scrambled to adjust their inventories. We’ve quickly made a number of difficult decisions to reduce costs and align our business to the new environment. The recession and challenges in the credit market caused us to focus on cash generation, and our employees responded to a tight cost controls, CapEx discipline and excellent working capital management. We also sharpened our R&D focus and improved new product execution through a series of process improvements. By the end of 2009, we posted 11% Q4 sales growth from the year-ago quarter, generated a record $129 million of free cash, retired 12% of our debt, and broke even for full year on an adjusted basis. We entered 2010 with a leaner and more focused company. Our pipelines of new products have never been better, which I’ll review in more detail in a few minutes. We’ve spent years developing the technology necessary to achieve greater energy efficiency in electronics and improved functionality in wireless products. The markets for these products are rapidly gaining momentum. I believe Fairchild is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this growth. On the cost side, we are reducing our manufacturing footprint and expect significant cost savings late in 2010 and early 2011. We are spending less on capital than our depreciation run rate, and we expect to have a cost tailwind for us for years. Putting this all together, it’s clear that Fairchild is poised to break through to much higher margin and earnings levels. Finally, I’d like to express my thanks and admiration to Fairchild employees. 2009 was a year of great challenge, but through hard work and determination, they have created a very exciting future for the company and the shareholders. Turning now to current quarter performance, we delivered results in the fourth quarter that exceeded our initial expectations in virtually all aspects of the business. We grew sales 7% sequentially in what is typically a flat quarter while further reduced our days of inventory both internally and in our distribution channel. Our channel inventories are at record low levels while the mix of fast turning products is very high. We pushed adjusted gross margin over 30% and have strong momentum heading into the first quarter to exceed past gross margin records. Strong execution on sales growth, margins and cost reductions has enabled us to generate record free cash flow in 2009, and we expect to accelerate our cash generation in 2010. Since design wins and share gains are the primary driver of our growth, I want to begin my discussion today with some details on our progress in this area and why I believe Fairchild is well positioned to deliver strong results in 2010. MCCC sales increased 5% from the prior quarter, driven primarily by higher demand for mobile power and logic products, as well as low voltage MOSFETs in computing. Q4 is typically a strong quarter for our mobile power sales, as we continued to convert design wins into production. We’re particularly pleased to add a significant new customer during the quarter for our high efficiency voltage regulators and expect to build on this relationship in 2010. This customer is a top tier supplier of smart phones with an extensive lineup of innovative products. Demand for our latest multimedia USB switches that enable accessory detection and routing in multiple signals, passing through a single five-pin USB port was quite strong. We are widely viewed as the industry leader in this technology, building on our extensive experience in providing innovative analog switch solutions to the handset market. We extended our customer base beyond the top handset OEMs into leading Chinese manufacturers in 2009 and are poised for significant sales growth for these solutions in 2010. We are gaining share with our new generation of low power MOSFETs, targeted at the Montevina and Capella notebook platforms. These new devices provide exceptional switching performance and the die size is much as 50% smaller than the previous generation. This combination of performance and size gives us a solid advantage over our competitors. This die size reduction also significantly improves our margins. Demand is robust for these products, which enable us to focus more on higher performance and therefore higher value sockets at key customers. PCIA sales were up 8% sequentially, driven by continued broad-based strength across most product lines and end markets. We converted a number of design wins for our multi-chip single package power conversion solutions into production volumes at a couple of leading LCD TV makers. We expect these products to generate substantial sales growth at above average margins in 2010. Our power conversion solutions continued to gain share in the PC and printer markets as well, growing 10% sequentially in Q4. We also leveraged these products to pick up multi-million design win at a major gaming platform. We announced the new design win with OSRAM for an integrated IC LED driver solution that competes favorably with discrete solutions while doubling element-wise. We used our proprietary PSR technology for LED lights up to 5 watts and our QR technology to extend our coverage range to 40 watts. We have years of experience and the right technology to support this fast-growing market as it transitions to more efficient IC LED drivers from old discrete designs. Our high voltage products posted a solid 11% sequential gain in sales led by strong demand in the LCD TV backlighting, power supply, server power appliance and industrial markets. We offer customers to seek greater efficiency, a very compelling lineup of high voltage power management solutions. Fairchild is the expert in high voltage power management technology, whether customers use a discrete approach using our industry-leading SupreMOS switch or – and high-voltage ICs or an innovative turnkey module. The pipeline of new products, silicon and package technologies has never been more exciting for Fairchild. As the world economy continues to expand, I believe Fairchild is well positioned to capitalize on the fast-growing demand for more efficient electronics and greater functionality in wireless devices. Now, let’s review fourth quarter results in more detail. Recall that a quarter ago, we estimated consumption demand for Q3 at about $343 million and expected continued demand growth in the fourth quarter. Our actual Q4 sales were $355 million, well above our initial expectations, even as we made further reductions in channel inventory. Adding the reduction in channel inventory to our sales plus Q4 consumption puts Q4 consumption demand at roughly $363 million, well above normal seasonality. Breaking demand down a bit more further, order rates were robust across a broad range of end markets, with the greatest strength in computing, consumer and industrial end markets. Geographically, we posted double-digit sequential sales gains in North America and Europe, while Asia continued to be very solid. Sales growth was well above seasonal in both our OEM and distribution channels, and we expect this trend to continue in the first quarter. In the distribution channel, sell-through increased nearly 8% sequentially, which exceeded our initial expectations. The strong sell-through drove reduction in channel inventory of about 7% from the prior quarter resulting in a record low 8.3 weeks of inventory. While this level of inventory is quite low historically, the mix of fast-moving products to slow turning inventory is the best ever. Overall, product pricing in Q4 moderated to be down less than 1% sequentially, which is better than typical and reflects customers increasingly shifting their focus to product availability. Factory utilization increased again in Q4, and we are now operating in a very efficient loading range for our business. Lead-times also increased during the quarter and are now in the low-double digit range on average. We are working closely with key customers and believe we have excellent visibility to their demand. We have a great supply chain management process and are effectively managing our factories, subcontractors and foundries to meet increased demand. In closing, I believe Fairchild is uniquely positioned to gain share and accelerate the improvement of our business in 2010 and beyond. We identified the importance that our customers have placed on greater efficiency in electronics and improved functionality in wireless early in our history and have since built a great combination of technologies, products and supply chain capabilities to support these fast-growing markets. In addition to new product and mix driven margin improvements, our financial model provides excellent leverage to convert incremental sales growth to higher margins and earnings. We also forecast significant cash and depreciation savings from our previously announced factory closures at the end of 2010. Finally, we expect to accelerate our cash flow generation in 2010 from the already record levels of 2009. We reduced our debt level by roughly 12% in 2009 and anticipate de-levering further in 2010, which should benefit our income statement through lower interest expense and our shareholders with a higher valuation. Thank you. And I’ll turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks, Mark. We'll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks. And let's take the first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) We’ll go first to Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: Congrats on the strong results. Just a question on the first quarter guidance, it looked like you’re guiding two-year backlog, same methodologies in the last few quarters. You’ve beaten that in the last few quarters, any reason why seasonality leads to a lower likelihood of turns in the first quarter?
Mark Thompson: So, Ross, I think you’ve hit it on the head. The mechanics that we’ve put out are the same that we’ve been using, where we take our – rather than necessarily just look at raw backlog, we take our OEM business and then add to that our POS forecast and then use that to provide the estimate. And so as we’ve seen the channel to be stronger than we expected in fact in Q4, both OEM went up a little bit, but the channel was significantly stronger than we thought. And so we upped our shipments to match that. So the estimates we’ve put out there are equal for the first quarter or equal to our OEM estimate plus the point-of-sale estimate that we have from our distribution partners. If the point-of-sale is stronger than forecast, then of course we will ship more, and that will drive the number up. But those are the mechanics that produce the 370 estimate.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: And what’s the general assumption on the channel inventory levels in the first quarter?
Mark Thompson: Roughly flat. We don’t intend to allow them to go much lower. We think we are at an optimum of asset management and service levels right now. So the estimates are approximately flat point-of-sale from Q4 to Q1 and that we will match that as closely as possible.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank: And I guess the last question, a quick one, you said lead-times have now extended to the low-teens, is that across the entire company and does that create any concerns that they have extended to almost double where they were last quarter?
Mark Thompson: Well, obviously, it’s easier to manage the business when lead-times are shorter. But they've stabilized, and in fact, we’ve pulled them in a little bit. And I think the customer base has become more confident of its demand picture. So somewhat offsetting the risk of longer lead-times is much improved visibility from our customers. And so that is somewhat mitigating to that.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Terence Whalen of Citi.
Terence Whalen – Citi: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just one on gross margin, I think at the midpoint of your gross margin range, you’ll be at your sort of recent historical maximum gross margin – I guess my question is, what’s the reasonable gross margin range going forward for the company? And if you can comment versus prior maximums relative to that increase, what amount is just leaner factoring, what amount is fundamentally different in product mix?
Mark Frey: Thanks a lot. On your – on your first question, I think on our last Analyst Day, we published a model for the company with a gross profit of 38%. We are going to re-look at that and probably have an event later on in the year. But in the meantime, we feel more confident that we are moving towards that in the one to two-year timeframe than we have in the past. And the reason gets to your second question, which is that product content, product mix, new products is having a much bigger impact than just cost reduction and leverage. So – whereas manufacturing cost reductions, additional manufacturing leverage, pricing and product mix are all having and will continue to have a positive impact going forward, we think the product mix component of that is the most exciting and the most ability to be leveraged and to continue.
Mark Thompson: Terence, maybe to add one more comment to Mark’s, if you look at the 340 basis points of progress, the – about a third of that was primarily new product driven mix stuff. So if we are to conclude that the factories were at about where we wanted them loaded, then that gives the picture of progress that can be made in a quarter from pure new product-driven mix.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Romit Shah of Barclays Capital.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Thanks, guys. Very nice job on the quarter. I have two questions. The first one on gross margins, your fall-through in the quarter was a very respectable 80%. But I think relative to the guidance you provided at the beginning of the quarter, it was below that number. And I was just wondering was there – did the mix come in not as you expected or were there some other factors? Thank you.
Mark Frey: No. I mean, I guess I didn’t – I wouldn’t have thought the guidance as a fall-through. The fall-through is sort of a cumulative function. And you can’t really dissect it within a particular quarter. There is obviously operational factors in your margin, like pricing environment, mix, et cetera. But there is also some accounting. And accounting isn’t strictly volume related. So if you end up with an actual different volume, you can’t dial in the fall-through. So as you know, the midpoint of our guidance in Q1 would be more like a 60% fall-through. That’s going to oscillate around a number north of 50.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Parag Agarwal, UBS.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Thank you. Thank you for taking my question. I have a question about your guidance for the March quarter. I’m just wondering if you can provide a (inaudible) end market which are driving the guidance and also how much of the guidance is driven by the demand from Chinese New Year.
Mark Thompson: Okay. So let me try to offer a little bit of color. There is no one big driver for the Q1 guidance. We see demand quite strong really across virtually all markets, even automotive. And so it’s really quite well distributed in terms of markets and geographies and products. So it’s very difficult to see specific granularity like Chinese New Year event. I think what we see over time in this industry is that it becomes less and less seasonal. There are certain things that do tend to be seasonal, obviously gaming and such can be seasonal. But industrial markets et cetera just aren’t that seasonal. So I wouldn’t say that there is very much specific seasonal event in the estimate.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Okay. And the thing beyond the March quarter, are you hitting anything from our customers regarding how the rest of the demand during the rest of the year is going to shape out?
Mark Thompson: So if you look – I mean, typically we’ll see roughly 1.5 to two quarters ahead in terms of demand. So certainly – so right now – I mean, we can see in the fourth quarter, of course, Q1 building out quite strongly. We certainly don’t see any diminishing of that trend as far as we can see. But I don’t think anybody has got a lot of visibility to the back half of this year. But certainly what we can see is good.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We’ll go next to Craig Berger of FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Hey, guys. Nice job. Thanks for taking my question. Can we just recap on the gross margins, I guess, and on your move to being fab-lite, kind of where are we in the qualification of new foundry partners, how much your production is moving over to foundry now, kind of what’s your target as we exit the year, and how do the cost savings roll in over the next year? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: Sure. So, Craig, there are couple of moving pieces. So the – the analog portion is already in foundry, particularly for some interface products. So it’s already on and running as we speak. The big next chunk is MOSFET, which we expect to begin to sell that product sometime on the cusp of the end of Q1, early Q2. And we’ll then be ramping that and have that available for the rest of the year. And so we could see numbers that by year’s end that are in the 10% range of wafer starts. Again, it’s of course mix sensitive. But that would be the range of expectation on a run rate basis by year’s end. And then of course, that’s a key enabler for us to do our footprint consolidation with the Mountaintop closure that we’ve got slated for, again, the cusp of 2010 and 2011.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Can you talk about the timing and magnitude of cost savings from that Mountaintop closure?
Mark Thompson: The estimate is the same as it’s been.
Mark Frey: Craig, it’s about $5 million per quarter in cash overhead expenses and about another $3 million in depreciation. And that would begin to fall through in Q1 of 2011 under the current plans.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Tristan Gerra of Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning. Just to – as a quick follow-up to something you started to discuss earlier on the call, how much was China and the pre-Chinese New Year a factor in the recent trends? And what type of visibility do you have post February 14, if you can bring any comment on that?
Mark Thompson: In terms of the Chinese New Year, as I tried to comment on earlier, I wouldn’t say that there is any discrete factoring of that into our current estimates. And I – so in terms of visibility, post Chinese New Year, all of our forecasts and estimates are for the full quarter. So they do encompass the picture of what it looks like both during and post. There is always a little bit of a ripple effect, particularly in point-of-sale for distribution where people will typically take a little more prior to the New Year holiday then take a little less if there is time-off and then pick up again afterwards. We think that that ripple this year will be less than average. Certainly the estimates that we’ve heard from our various customers are that Chinese New Year is going to be fairly minimized. Everybody is working hard to try to keep up with demand. And so we think that the overall sort of discontinuity associated with Chinese New Year will be smaller than average this year.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then in terms of pricing trends, we’ve seen passive pricing already going up in Q4, what would be your expectation for the first half of this year?
Mark Thompson: Well, if you look at pricing, I mean, normally when supply is fairly tight as it currently is in the industry, then it’s a better pricing environment. So again, I think the sense of visibility would be that the second quarter is most likely to look like the first quarter in overall profile. What the second half would look like, again, I think we’ll probably want to wait a quarter before we make much comment on that, because I think relatively little visibility other than major new product platforms. But overall demand picture is nobody is forecasting that yet.
Operator: And we’ll go next to John Pitzer, Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Yes. Congratulations, guys, and thanks for taking my question. Guys, when you look at the $9 million work-down in the calendar fourth quarter, I think that brings the total for the year as far as inventory work-down to something north of $50 million. And I guess you commented that you thought channel inventory to be flat in the March quarter. Help me understand, are we working at a new norm or do you expect at some point you’ll recoup that $50 million plus of inventory work-down that we saw in ’09, sometime throughout the year in 2010?
Mark Frey: I think the answer is yes, it is a new norm. We want to – we believe we can operate in the eight to nine-week range without impacting service. The reason we can do that is two things. Number one, the mix of our inventory is much higher quality. It’s much higher moving products. And our supply chain management tools have simply continued to evolve. And of course, we desire to operate in that level, because when you are operating in the eight to nine-week sort of inventory versus a 11-plus, there are a lot less problems and headaches as the cycle goes through. So from an operational standpoint, it allows us to I think have a higher margin model. Obviously it’s more efficient for our distributors. So the supply chain overall is more efficient. So it’s a very desirous operational upgrade. And we’re going to hold on to it.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: And then just as a follow-up, CapEx in the September quarter was well below trend, in the December quarter it was slightly above that 6% to 7% range you got it for the full year. So just kind of curious what you spent on. And if we think about capacity growth, did the CapEx spend in Q4 start to come on this quarter or is that really a Q2 phenomenon?
Mark Thompson: The CapEx is always very lumpy in terms of how it’s spent. And if you look at – if we average a little bit over a couple of quarters, at any given time, you will typically see one or two big plant upgrades of some kind, like an eight-inch conversion or a new trench technology or something like that coming on line. And there is the steady stream of debottlenecking that goes on. And so that’s – those are kind of the two big chunks. If you look at the estimates for 2010, that’s roughly what it looks like. We are driving an eight-inch conversion in our Salt Lake plant, and we’ve got active debottlenecking things that are going on all over the factories, which is how we will be driving capacity up across the year.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Steve Smigie of Raymond James.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Great. Congratulations on the quarter. Just curious, if you could provide an actual utilization percentage, I think you have qualitatively gave it, but where you are and where you’d be at the end of Q1. And then just as follow-up on Q2, you’ve talked about some already, but I’m not sure I understand, would you expect Q2 to sort of be up seasonally from Q1 even though you had a better than seasonal Q1? And along those lines, would you consider Q2 seasonality?
Mark Thompson: Steve, let me try to answer your question in reverse order. I guess – so we can’t – we're obviously not going to guide the second quarter at this point. So in terms of sort of the question on first half outlook is the current trends – so Q2 trend-wise looks kind of more like Q1, I would say, is a general outlook of a general strength in demand. But quantifying that, we are obviously not prepared to do that yet. And can you repeat the first part of your question? The utilization question, right?
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Yes.
Mark Thompson: It’s – utilization is as always a little bit different by factory. What I would say is that we like our utilization now. And so we would not like it to be a lot higher or a lot lower. It’s a good balance of service level and cost. So if you look in our MOSFET plants, that means that they are running in the 90s and then in the analog space it’s kind of running in the 80s. And again, that mix will squish around a little bit depending on what the actual mix is. But that’s – so you should think about those are the components of our current utilization and we would like to keep them roughly there across the year. And if you look at our capacity plants, they will try to scale our capacity to our demand projections while maintaining utilization in that range. So that’s the way to think about it. And then again if you look at the margin progression that builds on that from cost reductions and, but more importantly, mix improvement via new products, again it was about 140, 150 BPs sequentially. And so that gives you a picture of how you can think about the progress of our income statement.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Great, thank you.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Kevin Cassidy, Thomas Weisel Partners.
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on a great quarter and great outlook. In the last quarter, you had mentioned double bookings. And I’m wondering if you could just say a little more about that and how you are controlling that.
Mark Thompson: So – let's see, double bookings. I guess last time when the question came up, what do we do about it. I guess the answer is the same now. And I think with another quarter under our belt of strong evidence that it isn’t a problem for us in the sense of any time supply gets tight, supply is tight, there is some speculative ordering that goes on. If you look at what we have done with our channel, we took the channel down even though we had the opportunity of course to ship much more into it than we did. And so that I think provides clear evidence that we have very good picture – real-time picture of sell-out, and that we align our factories and our shipments with the sell-out. And so again, we can keep careful track of what’s really being turned into product by the OEMs and make sure that we align with that. And so we’ve talked a lot about our supply chain processes. We've made huge upgrades. We think we are one of the stronger supply chain companies around now. And I think we are starting the evidence – we've got the evidence to substantiate that. So again in a tight environment, there will be excess orders floating around out there, but we don’t believe that they skew our results at all.
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Maybe we could turn to your plans for cash if you are going to be generating more cash flow this year. I wonder what your plans are. Is it pay down more debt or what other options you have?
Mark Frey: The current activities will continue. The primary focus is to continue to delever. I don’t have a ratio as to what’s comfortable. But frankly, no doubt, would be fine. We are, I think, negative 20 in terms of net cash right now. So obviously we’ll go materially positive in net cash next year. And our goal is to be in a position to retire the debt if necessary. And then the other priorities are opportunistic acquisitions, which we continue to take a look at a number of assets that become available. We bought a couple small ones in 2009. We expect to have transactions in 2010. And then we’ll begin to assess how to use the cash to return to shareholders, whether it be stock buybacks or dividends. But I think it’s a little premature for that kind of discussion until we get into a stronger net cash position.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Brendan Furlong, Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Good morning, guys. Thanks a lot. I don’t think you addressed this question. But on the OpEx for Q1, up to $78 million, is there like a seasonal bump in that because of entering new year and then we fall off a little bit in Q2 or is that the new run rate?
Mark Frey: Yes, it’s a seasonal bump. The primary driver from $73 million to $78 million is the reinstatement of variable compensation. And so that will vary across the year and not tail. But the other primary driver is, number one, the fact that employees tend to not take much vacation in Q1 because there aren’t many big holidays. And two, the employer tax matching and other benefits come back into place early in the year. And then people max out in their FICO withholding et cetera and then it tails off later on. So it is a new run rate that I think will mildly tail. We do not have plans to add basic course spending of any more than, say, $1 million until we get the basic OpEx structure to 20% or below.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Understood. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Bill Ong, Merriman Curhan & Ford.
Bill Ong – Merriman Curhan & Ford: Yes. Congratulations on the execution. You mentioned earlier your relation with OSRAM LEDs. Can you talk more specifically about the LED applications and TV backlighting and general outdoor/indoor lighting? What type of market opportunity you could perhaps participate in driver ICs? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: Sure. In PCIA, we have been investing heavily over the last couple of years in broad variety of solutions for those. And so we are really seeing a much greater acceleration and acceptance of these in LCD in backlight units for LCD TVs and a broad range of industrial and consumer lighting.
Bill Ong – Merriman Curhan & Ford: Any sense of what type of revenues you can expect from that going forward just given how strong the LED market is taking off?
Mark Thompson: I don’t have that off of the top of my head, but we’ll get that – we'll make sure that we comment on that in future calls.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Eric Ghernati of BoA/Merrill Lynch.
Eric Ghernati – BoA/Merrill Lynch: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just a question on the sequential decline that you witnessed in the computing segment in Q4. Can you just give a sense on what drove that?
Mark Frey: Ask that question again, please.
Eric Ghernati – BoA/Merrill Lynch: The sequential decline that you saw in your computing segment, I believe it’s down like around 3% to 4%. Can you just give a sense on what drove that?
Mark Frey: Dan, do you want to handle that?
Dan Janson: Yes. I have – I think that – I'm not sure that we were down. I have to look at the numbers. If we were down, it was – I think it was more of kind of flattish. But basically what you’ve got is the normal peak in Q3. We typically expect things to be a little bit lighter in Q4 for computing. Usually that’s when consumer is stronger and actually saw a little better strength than we typically see in the fourth quarter.
Eric Ghernati – BoA/Merrill Lynch: Just some more clarifications, please. Expectations for internal inventory in Q1?
Mark Frey: Our basic management is roughly to keep our days of inventory below 70, not counting the inventory that we’re going to put in place for the Mountaintop closure.
Eric Ghernati – BoA/Merrill Lynch: And then you had talked previously about in fact that you are exploring opportunities, a little more inventory, especially for distributors that are targeting the computing segment for your MOSFET products. Can you just give a sense on where you are on this front and whether you expect that to impact your internal inventory in coming quarters? Thanks.
Mark Frey: We are as lean as we’ve ever been in the computing and in the channels that are Taiwanese and Chinese ODMs. And it is typical to build inventories in those locations in late Q1 and Q2 because they will tend to peak in Q3 with the pre-Christmas builds and then tail slightly in Q4. That obviously wasn’t the pattern this year. We had a pretty good growth in Q3 and then we grew again in Q4 in spite of the channel reductions. But that would be typical. So I would see us adding at least in the Q2 environment to those inventories, but it’s basically an operational strategy of matching capacity to what is typically lumpy demand.
Operator: And we’ll take a follow-up question from Terence Whalen of Citi.
Terence Whalen – Citi: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up. This one relates to OEM inventory levels. I think you were very clear in stating that the inventory at distributors declined about 7% or 8%. What’s your insight and level of confidence and observations on inventory at OEMs and also distributor and customers? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: Terence, we don’t have nearly the visibility into OEMs inventory. Of course, it’s not generally shared. So we have to triangulate on it a bit, whereas of course we get exclusive reports from distribution on inventory. I would say I think the inventory situation at the OEMs in general is pretty healthy. I think that they are at roughly the days that they would like to be. So I don’t think that we will – I don’t expect that they are adjusting it either up or down.
Mark Frey: IBM is only one that I’m aware of that’s reported and they reported flat. And I think just to recite some of the channel checks that the people on this call have made, I think Christmas sell-through was for electronics, viewed as robust better than expectations and I think there were cautious inventory strategies that were put in place going into Christmas. So my personal view is that they haven’t built anything beyond their own seasonal oscillations.
Terence Whalen – Citi: Okay. And then as a last follow-up, regarding lead-times, is there an expectation for lead-times to stay about flat, actually creep up a little bit or decrease as some incremental test capacity comes online? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: We pulled lead-times down a little bit in the last month. And so we would expect them to be stable to modestly down as our goal, as we head across the year.
Operator: And we’ll take another follow-up question from Romit Shah of Barclays Capital.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Hey, Mark or Dan, could you guys just give us your view on how you expect your major end markets, PCs and such industrial consumer to perform here in Q1?
Mark Frey: Typically industrial is seasonally stronger in Q1 than computing and consumer. And we are seeing that – we are seeing a lot of momentum in power conversion in industrial and auto for all the reasons Mark pointed out in his script. I think the other markets or application areas are benefiting from the fact that they did have a good Christmas sell-through. There has been again high expectations for the consumption aspect of Chinese New Year. And then of course we are seeing strong early January builds for those markets as well.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Okay. So better than seasonal growth from your consumer businesses and seasonal growth in the industrial and auto segment.
Mark Thompson: I call the industrial better than seasonal as well. So it’s seasonally supposed to be up, but it’s up robustly I would say.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Craig Berger, FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Hey, guys, thanks for the follow-up. One housekeeping, how do we think about the tax rate moving forward in 2010? And then the second question is, how much either equipment or headcount capacity do you have to be able to respond to upside? Meaning, can you do 400 a quarter, if you have demand? Can you do more than that? What’s the capacity threshold?
Mark Frey: I’ll take care of the tax rate and Mark can handle the capacity threshold. We expect 15% to 20% adjusted tax rate, depending on all of the variable factors that usually play into that in the future. It’s very hard to nail it down lower than that range.
Mark Thompson: Craig, of course, any capacity analysis is inevitably a bit mix dependent. But if we look at most probable mix, we are comfortable at this point up to in the 400 per quarter range and of course we’ll be driving that across the year with debottlenecking and various other capacity projects that are accommodated in our CapEx budget that we put out.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: And can you just comment on hiring or re-hiring?
Mark Thompson: Well, we are being very cautious about that. A lot of the progress that we’ve made has been on – we took the opportunity of very dead period a year ago to really get aggressive with some of our factory layouts with lean. And so we are trying to be very, very careful about what we bring back. So if you look at the – in the factory side, inevitably the direct labor does somewhat scale with volume. But it’s – we'll certainly keep our headcount far below where it was. On the OpEx side, Mark’s comments are that we remain committed to our 20% OpEx goal. So we are pretty close to that. So you would expect to see that that – we won’t be adding headcount there until we can afford it basically with higher top line, better growth, giving us the opportunity to invest more in R&D. And that could result in some hiring, but certainly for 2010, I don’t expect to see a lot of headcount addition.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we’ll go to Steve Smigie of Raymond James.
Mark Frey: Okay. This will be our last question too.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Great. Appreciate the opportunity. I was hoping you could comment a little bit on capacity constraints in the industry, how overall that’s been impacting you and your own particular position relative to that? And then if you could just give any color you may have on share count for the quarter? Thanks.
Mark Frey: Share count, around 128 would be a good modeling number. And what was the other question?
Mark Thompson: It was capacity constraints. Yes. Broad-based industry capacity constraints, that’s a tough one to comment on. I mean, we haven’t – we haven’t seen ourselves at this point yet to be impacted by, say, an ability to get silicon or packaging capacity or those kinds of things. Again, there is indications that the foundry is getting tighter. But at this point, we feel pretty comfortable that we’ve got a map for what we need in order to accommodate our plans. So I would say overall that capacity is tight, but it’s actually, I would say, fairly healthy, in the sense that it’s not – there aren’t huge pinch points that’s requiring careful execution and management, but I wouldn’t say it’s high. At this point in time, it’s not limiting us in a significant way. And based on projections that we’ve got in our estimates and models and so forth, I would expect it will remain that way for certainly the balance of 2010, I think a reasonably healthy supply and demand picture.
Dan Janson: Okay. That’s all we have time for.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-15 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark S. Thompson - Chief Executive Officer Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank  Terence Whalen - Citigroup Parag Agarwal – UBS Romit Shah – Barclays Capital Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird Steve Smigie – Raymond James Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners Craig Berger – FBR Capital Market John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan Bill Ong – Merriman
Operator:  Good day and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor third quarter earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Dan Janson. Please go ahead.
Dan Janson: Good morning and thank you for dialing in to Fairchild Semiconductor's third quarter 2009 financial results conference call.  With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's President and CEO, and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we are attending the FBR Investor Conference on December 1st in New York as well as other investor road show meetings during the quarter.  We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our third quarter financial results and discuss the current status of fourth quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results and markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers.  This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at FairchildSemi.com. A replay of this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days.  Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements on this call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risks and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we filed with the SEC.  In addition, during this call we may refer to adjusted or financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principals. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at Investor.FairchildSemi.com. The website also contains a 2009 third quarter fact sheet and a financial section with updated unaudited financial highlights, including detailed breakouts of segment and retail revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA. Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark S. Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Fairchild posted solid financial progress in all major aspects of our business during the third quarter.  We grew sales significantly even as we reduced channel inventories by roughly two weeks sequentially.  We delivered gross margin at the high end of our guidance range, kept R&D and SG&A spending low, and reported strong earnings growth from the prior quarter.  Our balance sheet continues to improve as we added another $29 million of cash, brining our cash and securities level to $453 million and improving our net debt or cash and securities minus debt to $64 million. We expect to accelerate our cash generation as sales and earnings improve this quarter and through 2010.  For the third quarter of 2009 Fairchild reported sales of $331.8 million, up 19% sequentially and 23% lower than the third quarter of 2008. We further reduced distributors' inventory of our products by approximately $11 million sequentially, which impacted third quarter sales. Gross margin on a GAAP basis was 26% and included $3 million of accelerated depreciation and a small favorable inventory reserve release related to our previously announced fab closures. Adjusted gross margin excluding these items was 26.9%, up 210 basis points from the prior quarter due primarily to higher sales, which drove increased factory loadings, favorable product mix and the realization of ongoing cost reduction efforts such as manufacturing overhead optimization, yield improvements, improved material costs and more competitive subcontractor pricing. R&D and SG&A expenses were $68 million, down slightly from the prior quarter as we continued to maintain tight controls on spending. In Q3 we recorded a $4 million charge for restructuring and impairments. Net interest and other expenses were down slightly from the prior quarter to $4.4 million due to our lower debt level and continued decreases in borrowing costs in the third quarter. We still have an open tender offer to pay down bank debt at a discount as we continue to look for cost-effective ways to further delever. Now I'd like to review third quarter highlights of our sales and gross margin performance for each of our product groups.  In our MCCC business sales increased 11% from the prior quarter, driven primarily by a 27% increase in mobile power. Overall, MCCC's adjusted gross margin was down about 2 percentage points sequentially to 30% due primarily to a reduction of internal inventory.  We grew PCIA sales nearly 28% sequentially as we significantly increased shipments of our power conversion and auto products. Adjusted gross margin increased 7 percentage points from the prior quarter to 28% due primarily to higher factory loadings and a more favorable product mix, partially offset by the impact of reducing inventories.  Standard discrete technology and standard linear product sales increased roughly 26% and adjusted gross margin improved 6 percentage points compared to the prior quarter, also due primarily to higher factory loadings.  Turning to our balance sheet, we reduced internal inventories by more than $15 million or 17 days to a lean 72 days of inventory. Our bias remains to keep inventories as lean as possible while maintaining customer service levels. If we need to add inventory in response to higher demand, we prefer to maintain maximum flexibility by adjusting internal inventories before adding more to the channel.  We improved our DSOs by another 2 days to 36 days in Q3. Days payable also decreased to 40 days.  Turning now to the current status of fourth quarter business, our scheduled backlog for fourth quarter shipments is currently about $333 million, which is roughly $33 million higher than this point a quarter ago. Included in this amount is approximately $20 million of backlog that we booked in the first two and a half weeks of this quarter.  Given that bookings typically moderate after mid-November and we are focused on maintaining the current weeks of inventory level in the distribution channel, we believe sales in the range of $333 to $343 million are possible in the fourth quarter. For this range of revenue we anticipate gross margin to be between 28% and 30%. We expect R&D and SG&A spending to be roughly $70 million in Q4. Interest expense for the fourth quarter is expected to be roughly $4.5 million, while our adjusted tax rate should be in the range of 15% to 20%. We anticipate recording approximately $3 million in charges and $2 million of accelerated depreciation in the fourth quarter associated with previously announced fab closure actions.  As with last quarter, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce fourth quarter results. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark S. Thompson: Thanks, Mark.  We once again delivered results at the high end of expectations while taking actions we believe will position us well for the fourth quarter and 2010.  As we transition from a period of inventory correction and realignment of sales to consumption demand to a more normal end market demand-driven environment, it's important to understand the long-term growth drivers for Fairchild. I'll begin my comments with a brief recap of our efforts to drive long-term profitable growth caused by a review of our recent operational performance. The semiconductor industry faced difficult and uncertain times as we entered 2009. Fairchild recognized early that this recession would require us to make many tough decisions to adjust our costs and manufacturing capabilities to current market conditions. We also realized that these difficult times could be a catalyst to remake Fairchild into a leaner, more focused and more profitable company.  We significantly reduced our staffing levels with an emphasis on overhead costs, refocused some R&D spend, cut capital spending dramatically and announced the consolidation of our front-end manufacturing from six fabs to four by the end of 2010, all while maintaining a very lean supply chain. The impact of some of these actions is already apparent in our results, as we guide for gross margins in Q4 that previously required a higher sales level to achieve.  Looking forward to 2010, we expect to further improve profitability as we benefit from the manufacturing consolidation, the continued roll off of depreciation, improving utilization and pricing trends as demand recovers, and greater sales of higher margin new products that I'll discuss in a minute.  I believe that Fairchild is well positioned to have a breakout year in 2010 and look forward to building on the momentum we have exiting 2009. Now let's review third quarter results in some more detail. Recall that a year ago we estimated - a quarter ago we estimated consumption demand for Q2 to be about $300 million and expect continued demand growth for the third quarter. We also guided for further channel inventory reductions to roughly 10 weeks of supply. Our actual Q3 sales were $332 million, well above our initial expectations, even as we made significant reductions in channel and internal inventory. Adding the reduction in channel inventory to our sales puts Q3 consumption demand at approximately $343 million.  Breaking demand down a bit further, order rates were solid across a broad range of end markets, with the greatest strength in computing, consumer and industrial end markets. Geographically, sales into Asia continued to be strong, followed by significant improvements in North America and Europe. Sales were up significantly from the prior quarter in both our OEM and distribution channels.  Overall, product pricing in Q3 improved to down about 2% sequentially, which we believe marks the inflection point for prices in this cycle. Factory utilization increased to roughly 77%, up from 67% in Q2, and lead times increased to a more normal range of 6 to 8 weeks during the quarter.  Due to stronger-than-expected demand we announced earlier in Q3 that we extended the closure date of one to two quarters for the factory consolidation program we announced in Q1. Therefore, we now expect the full savings impact of this program to start in either Q4 2010 or Q1 2011. We expect the favorable financial impact of the higher sales that are driving this extension will more than offset the delayed cost savings in the second half of 2010. In the distribution channel, sell through was up 11% sequentially and inventory decreased about $11 million, resulting in nearly a two-week sequential reduction to roughly 9.6 weeks of channel inventory. Based on current booking trends and discussions with our distribution customers, we expect sell through to be - sellout to be approximately flat in the fourth quarter with the third. I've read some analysts' reports recently questioning the degree to which customers are double ordering in the industry, so let me address that topic now. As demand has improved and customers are now concerned about product availability, there is sure to be some amount of over ordering. This is normal for the industry, especially at this time of year. Given that our lead times are at historic normal levels and we have effective management policies to recognize and deal with excess backlog, we're confident in our ability to accurately match supply to real demand.  Looking at this from another angle, the high end of our guidance range is still about 18% to 19% below the consumption levels of a year ago. Given that the end markets we support are projected to be down less than 10% this year compared to last, this level of sales does not appear to be excessive. Finally, the best way to manage through these cycles is to keep your supply chain lean and be very responsive to customer demand. Fairchild has historically low inventories and a world class supply chain to meet our customer needs. Turning now to our product line results, MCCC sales increased 11% from the prior quarter driven primarily by higher demand for mobile power and analog switch products for the handset market as well as the low voltage MOSFETs for computing. We're now shipping our latest multimedia USB switches to a leading handset supplier. We hold the lead share for these solutions and expect as many as 60% to 80% of their handsets will use this new technology in 2010.  These multimedia switches provide accessory detection through an innovative use of varying resistance levels which allows our customers to convert a single USB port for all physical connections to the external world. We're leveraging this basic technology to develop unique solutions for other customers that we expect to begin shipping in 2010. In mobile power we are expanding our success in high frequency voltage regulators to address other critical power management functions within the handset. We're engaged with all the top handset manufacturers to expand our market for those innovative analog power management solutions.  The low power MOSFET transition to our new Power Trend 7 fab process is under way. These products are optimized for the Montevina and Capella notebook platforms and feature smaller die size and lower cost while providing better performance and power efficiency. PCIA sales were up 28% sequentially, driven by broad-based strength across all product lines and end markets. We substantially grew sales of our analog power conversion solutions across a variety of consumer, industrial and computing-related applications. We won a significant design with our advanced multi-chip AC to DC power conversion products in a leading LCD TV customer. We expect to begin shipping in volume later this quarter and anticipate shipping about 15 million units in 2010 for this program. We continue to ramp our proprietary primary side regulator or PSR products which enable standby power consumption as low as 30 milliwatts at a number of major handset manufacturers. We expect to expand this new product line rapidly in 2010 as customers increasingly focus on improving battery charger efficiency.  We are steadily gaining share with our latest deep trench high voltage MOSFET solutions for power supply application. Our supreme MOSFET technology provides greater performance at higher switching speeds than previously possible, and while our competitors struggle to keep pace using older, plainer technology, we're already working on our next generation products.  We forecast strong sales growth for these products for many years as momentum builds in this market, which is typically very deliberate in adopting new technology. We expect to increase our penetration into the LCD display power supply market by more than 60% in 2009 compared with 2008 and our latest MOSFET solution that integrates four fast recovery diodes in a single package.  We're now on track to grown SPN sales in China by more than 50% this year versus last. We won a number of new power management designs for room air conditioners and other appliances by leveraging our extensive experience in power modules for this market.  In closing, I think Fairchild is well positioned to grow and succeed in the coming years as a result of the aggressive actions we took this year. Our focus on energy efficiency and wireless technologies should provide excellent long-term growth opportunities. We continue to expand our signal path and power management portfolio as we build a high-value analog franchise. Our leadership in MOSFET technologies allow us to deliver exceptional performance and cost to a wide range of growing end markets.  We're on track to realize substantial cost reductions in 2010 and beyond as we complete our manufacturing consolidation and continue to reduce our depreciation run rate. We continue to effectively manage our supply chain to be lean and very responsive. Finally, we plan to keep tight control on OPEX spend to drive solid improvement in EBIT margins and earnings as sales improve in 2010. Thank you, and I'll turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson: Thanks, Mark. We'll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you ask questions we limit each person to one question and one follow up. Thanks. Let's take the first question, please.
Operator:  Your first question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess the first question is just on the guidance looking out into the next quarter. It seems like this is the third quarter in a row you're basically guiding to backlog, not assuming any turns. You've upsided the last two quarters you did that. Are you being equally conservative again or does the seasonality change some aspect of the turns potential that you have in this quarter?
Mark S. Frey: So, Ross, you read it right. I think there's two moving parts here, I think.  The first is that I think all of us recognize that this cycle is not your average cycle, and so we're making sure that our own expectations are on the careful side of things to make sure that we don't get inventory out ahead of ourselves and so forth. I think the second part is also important, which is that normally there is a dead period in the OEMs at the end of December and early in January. And, again, this year could play out differently, but certainly the historical pattern is that it will be down slightly. So we've tried to reflect that in our estimates.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess a follow on question, kind of with the same general idea behind it, is by my calculations you guys have earned about $85 million worth of channel inventory. Do you think there's something in the channel that either leads them to be able to operate at a lower inventory level more sustainably or is that something that, when we get into 2010, you know, even if your total revenue didn't change from a demand perspective, you would have to refill some of that channel?
Mark S. Thompson: Well, Ross, we certainly put a lot of effort into trying to manage with less inventory, so I guess I would regard our current stance in the mid 9s as a little bit experimental. And, you know, obviously we've never operated the company there. We have good reason to believe that we can, but we always know when we get there that we're going to have to do a little bit of tuning. We've certainly created a lot more granularity and are bringing on some supply chain tools which will actually give us much more real-time visibility, translating the POS reports directly back to consequences at the factory. So I think the range is reasonable, but we're certainly going to need to tune it a bit during 2010.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Terence Whalen - Citigroup.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup:  The first one relates to the computing end market revenue. By my calculation in the model I think that increased about 10% sequentially. First of all, is that an accurate number? And second of all, can you comment on that growth relative to market growth in computing, which seems to be a little bit higher than that, maybe let us know what amount was affected perhaps by channel inventory reductions?
Mark S. Thompson: Sure, Terence. I think that the 10% number is a pretty good number. We think that it certainly kept pace - we didn't draw down channel inventory significantly in that space in the third quarter. It's a period of build in the computing industry, and so it's not a time when you'd want to risk having shortages. So the actual reported number is going to be very close to actual consumption. 
Mark S. Frey: And, Terence, the other thing I would add is it doesn't include the products that we would make for power conversion or products that would go into power supplies that would go into the computing applications. Obviously, you heard that PTI numbers were up fairly strong last quarter. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Then my follow up question is really regarding the first quarter of 2010. I think you've given us pretty good ideas of consumption level in the fourth quarter. Given the dynamics that you're seeing in terms of lead times stretching, perhaps supply beginning to catch up a little bit with demand in the fourth quarter, would you expect first quarter activity to be seasonally normal, which I think for you is down about 5% or 6% or what factors should we be evaluating to determine whether a reasonable 1Q estimate would be a little bit better than seasonal or sub seasonal.
Mark S. Thompson: Let me try to comment. You're correct that the typical seasonal would be down kind of 3% or 4% in the first quarter versus the fourth.  We've certainly seen that the cycle is unusual. If you look at it, there's a lot of new product activity, both on the part of our OEMs and also on our part, and inventories are at a record low level in most corners of the industry. So, again, without risking offering real guidance about where it's going in the first quarter, I think it's a safe assumption to say that it's probably going to be down a little bit would be the expectation, but I would -- my guesstimate would be it'll be down less relatively than normal given the very, very, lean inventories that exist in the industry.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Parag Agarwal – UBS.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: I just wanted to follow up on the previous question. Do you see increasing [inaudible]? With all the commentary about the industrial end market, what are you seeing from your industrial customers?
Mark S. Thompson:  Let me try to answer the question in two parts.  Visibility is probably as good as it's ever going to get, I suspect. With very lean inventories and very short lead times, you're never going to carry a lot of backlog, which, frankly, is a good thing because it allows us to redirect the supply wherever the demand appears. In terms of the industrial segment, I think that it's going to be a good year in 2010. There's tremendous interest in the kinds of high efficiency solutions that we've been offering, beginning to offer and are really ramping at an accelerated pace, and so you know the recognition of the cost of power and that you can really change the design. The power supply drives a lot of the features of design, including air flow and noise and all kinds of things, and there's really a tremendous traction that's occurring right now in the industrial space, recognizing the power of efficiency, great sleep modes and so forth.  So that's one area that we're quite excited about for 2010, and I think it's going to do well.
Parag Agarwal - UBS: Looking into your target gross margin of [28%], with [inaudible] does this mean that there would be [inaudible] reaching your target gross margin number as well?
Mark S. Frey: We haven't updated where - that model. And as we communicated I think fairly consistently to the analyst community, we'll be doing that in terms of tuning up the model that exists on the website.  If you look at the consequences of the shifting of the fab closure by a quarter or two, obviously it will move the savings associated with that out, so that gross margin improvement associated with that won't occur until the fab closes; however, it would only move in response to needing the capacity to do something else with, so the earnings would be the same or better.  So if you go to the bottom line, it should be relatively insensitive to it in the sense of it's a flexible thing, but it'll just change what the income statement looks like. So it would be more sales at slightly lower margins producing the same EPS if the fab stays open, and if it closes in response to, say, a downturn in demand, if we pulled it in or something, if 2010 softened, then what you'd see is higher margins and the same EPS.  We don't expect it to have a material impact on the earnings, only what the income statement looks like and, again, only for that range of one or two quarters. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Romit Shah – Barclays Capital.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Mark, the lead time number you quoted, six to eight weeks, is that an average number or is that the range across the product portfolio.
Mark S. Frey: It's a blended average.
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: Could you give us what the range is?
Mark S. Frey: We don't provide that level of granularity. I think it's fair to say that for some of the computing products, some of the MOSFETs, it was higher than that, and for other products it was lower.
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: Does it concern you that at some point in the quarter you may start to see cancellations on the computing side where the lead times are in excess of 8 to 10 weeks? 
Mark S. Thompson: Well, there's sufficient excess booking level that we haven't included in our estimates that that would have to be a pretty dramatic amount of cancellations to affect the results. Again, we don't focus on the backlog when we set our estimates; we focus on the trending of the POS.
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: On Q1, if I remember correctly, normally you get a bump up in OPEX. Should we continue to expect that going into next year as well?
Mark S. Frey: Yes. We will reinstate an accrual for our bonus programs. The FICA matching comes online and the final benefits are restored. So you ought to model that it would step up to somewhere between 76 and 77 per quarter. 
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: Right. And then after that it normally flattens out or [inaudible] down.
Mark S. Frey: Even down because Q1 tends to be all bad seasonal influences on OPEX in terms of people's vacation patterns, the tax matching, the way we accrue the equity comp plan, etc., and then it'll tail slightly then as the year progresses. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: In terms of some of the double ordering that you suspect is taking place and your confidence that you can shift and align with real end demand, are you turning down some order requests and is your Q4 guidance reflecting less growth quarter-on-quarter than the actual level of demand that you're seeing from customers?
Mark S. Thompson: Tristan, yes, the process that we use for that is - I don't want to wade too deep into our supply chain mechanics, but there's always a requested number that's substantially higher than what we report as backlog. And so the $333 million that we estimated, the actual requested number is substantially higher than that by multiple tens of millions of dollars.  And so that delta is the filter that we apply, then we look at - so, again, if you take the notebook space, it's not a secret roughly what the industry intends to build in terms of notebooks. We will then explode that into the program, into what's the supply chain, what's the part number, and what's our expected share, and then make sure that we run that cycle so that we essentially can reconcile it both from a bottoms up and a top down basis. We run that engine several times a week as we get updated information on point of sale and so forth.  So, again, that's sort of the sausage making side of this thing that we try not to drag the investment community into and is reflected - when we say $333 million, that's already netted out a lot of stuff that we don't think is real and/or that we don't intend to ship. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: So perhaps you'd say that you're looking basically at what you think is a reasonable or maybe seasonal order pattern, [high] customer to [commence] with the backlog amount that you provided?
Mark S. Thompson: That's correct.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Given the normal seasonality in the first half and given where your utilization rates are in the quarter, any particular product that you think could help mix in with [inaudible] on a secular basis? And maybe a quick update on your goal in terms of fixating previous gross margin piece for 2010.
Mark S. Thompson: There's a couple of moving parts there. Certainly it is our goal as a company to set new gross margin records in 2010. We're not relying on utilization to achieve that. So if you look, there's a couple of different moving parts, but there's certainly a richer flow of new products than we've ever had, great traction as to OEMs that are winning, and a very constrained, deliberately constrained, capital environment.  So I think we have unusual adaptability to drive the income statement in 2010 with all those levers at hand. And, again, we also have the flexibility of the Mountain Top closure, for example. Again, if demand is really strong, it'll be toward the end; it could get pulled in if it softens.  So certainly in the time I've been with the company we've never had a more adaptable set of tools to drive the income statement than we have in 2010. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steve Smigie – Raymond James.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: If you could talk a little bit about gross margin in terms of MCCC versus PCIA, what those would sort of periodically look like as we move throughout the cycle? Are there particular drivers in terms of mix coming on? Which one would you expect to be higher just in [inaudible] utilization environment and which would be higher after the closure of Mountain Top? 
Mark S. Thompson: MCCC should normally be a couple points higher, but they will both ramp up from kind of the current situation as we move towards our corporate gross margin goals. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: I know you had certain new products that you were mixing in. Will that change that [inaudible] dynamic?  And just [inaudible] stuff, you said you'd had lower gross margins, I think, at MCCC this quarter. Is that just due to inventory reductions? Does that go away next quarter? 
Mark S. Thompson: Well, the gross margin trend of our divisions kind of moves over time. So MCCC stepped up last quarter pretty aggressively and PCIA less so, and therefore PCIA grew a bit more this quarter. You sort of have to look at that on kind of like a continuing six-month basis as their inventories go up and down and as they go through - you know, their seasonality factors are slightly different. And so that's why they move not necessarily in lockstep. But the underlying things that will drive their margins are new product at richer margins and combinations of cost reductions within manufacturing.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: But is there anything particular about what comes out of Mountain Top that would change the dynamics specific to either one of them?
Mark S. Thompson: Mountain Top produces products for both MCCC and PCIA. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: You had some very nice cash flow improvement. How much of that over, say, the coming year would you plan to use to pay down debt versus other activities? And what does cash flow look like given the paydown in debt and your current CapEx [inaudible].
Mark S. Thompson: Well, our approach to CapEx is unchanged. We're going to keep a lid on it. Our profitability has obviously been expanding, and our asset management programs have been effective and we will continue to keep them in place. And so we think we'll continue that trend and really accelerate it. And what we do with it, obviously we've delevered almost every - four out of the last five years, including this year, and we would continue to look at opportunities to do that next year. We don't have a specific amount involved. We pay less than 3% on our debt, so it's not a real expensive item, but as you can see from our disclosures, we're tracking our net debt. [Inaudible] we would, you know, expect to see that become net cash around the midpoint of next year. But we don't have an artificial target for how much debt we're going to pay down next year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners.
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners: What was your utilization rate for the third quarter?
Mark S. Frey: 77%, Kevin. 
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: And you expect that to increase going into the fourth quarter?
Mark S. Frey: Yes, I think that's fair to say. Obviously, we'll be responsive to what the order rates look like. 
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: And I guess the closing of the fabs, does that change utilization rate? You're going to moving the equipment, so does that change the utilization rate?
Mark S. Frey: It will, and we consider that every quarter. The utilization rates that we give are based on equipped capacity, so obviously if equipment's coming offline that would [inaudible] capacity for some period of time until it was transported to the new location and brought up and running.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: You also mentioned on the lead times that it was a blended average. What products are the longest lead times and how long is that?
Mark S. Frey: Well, I think we talked about some of the MOSFETs in computing as probably some of the products with the longer lead times. That's probably a fair approximation.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Berger – FBR Capital Market.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Market: Can you just discuss what the historical turns levels have been as a percentage of revenue in the fourth quarter, and as part of that maybe how much of your increased fourth quarter backlog is due to higher lead times on your product?
Mark S. Frey: I haven't computed that, Craig, but I think 90% has been kind of a - or 10% has been an average that we've looked at over the years.  It will tend to be a little higher than that in quarters like the third quarter, which is an accelerating quarter, than in Q4, which is generally a decelerating quarter. So, obviously, as we guided, we are not counting on a lot of turns because seasonal patterns more typically cause the order flow to die down as the quarter continues.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Market: So $333 million backlog and historically 10% turns.  A follow up question: Since you guys did push out the closure of two of your six fabs, what does that do the quarterly depreciation schedule that you walked us through one quarter ago?
Mark S. Frey: We gave a couple of data points for the depreciation rollout. So the first one was by the end of this quarter, the fourth quarter, which was going to be down about $1.5 million, and then we said by the fourth quarter of next year we'd be down around $3 to $3.5 million. And since we plan on closing the fabs by then, those numbers are still okay. Obviously, extending the closure has changed the accelerated depreciation portion, and you've seen that reflected in the numbers that we've presented in the P&L.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Market: So essentially 50 basis points of gross margin improvement sequentially into Q4 '09 and then another roughly point or so by Q4 2010?
Mark S. Frey: Depending on revenue, sure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Pitzer - Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Just again getting back on the timing of the fab closure and how that relates to end demand level, is this the right revenue level we should think about, where you just have to push out the fab closures, or could you grow sequentially on top line throughout next year and still be able to kind of hit the dates you have out there if the sequential growth is modest?
Mark S. Frey: If you look at the moving parts of that, as we commented previously, the capacity that currently is supplied by Mountain Top is replaced in two ways. Some of the equipment gets moved to other fabs in MOSFET, but we're also bringing up a significant foundry partner which will be online during the second quarter of next year. So that significantly deconstrains the situation, because obviously to move equipment you have to build a buffer inventory. And so the movement of the schedule is the result of basically selling our buffer inventory, if you will. But that gets significantly deconstrained in the second quarter.  So what I would say is that more or less regardless of end demand environment we feel confident that we should be able to deliver on the closure in the second half of next year.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Mark, do you mind sharing with us a revenue level at which that would have to be pushed out or is that too many moving parts right now?
Mark S. Frey: I would say it's too many moving parts right now. And I think given, you know, again, when we first did the estimate, of course, the prospects for the industry were incredibly bleak if you looked at the numbers. And so there really wasn't a demand picture that would cause us to need the equipment for supply. I think what we've all seen is that the overall demand environment is actually much better than anybody would have guessed, so even if it went down for a quarter I think it would be an unnecessary risk to take that capacity offline.  So, again, I think we've got at this point quite a robust plan, and we'll stick with it.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And then, Mark Thompson, in your prepared comments you talked about pricing being down sequentially about 2% and you said you thought that was an inflection. If you can clarify that a little bit? I'm assuming that means you think pricing gets better from here, and if that's the case, why and what's the implication for gross margins?
Mark S. Thompson: The pricing, let me make sure that we're - understanding of that gets better as, you know, pricing always goes down except in pure commodities, which we have a pretty small component of. So certainly in 90% of our business it's not priced like a commodity. We are raising some pricing on some commodity stuff, but in aggregate it's a question of how much down.  We've historically seen 1% to 2%. We saw a quarter that was higher than 2% and now it's moderating, which is consistent with the overall picture, which is when there's significant excess capacity, of course buyers have a lot of leverage, and when they start to worry about supply, then that becomes the dominant dimension.  So all the moving parts are consistent with a pricing environment that's moderating, and that was reflected in our comments. But all of those moving parts are baked into our gross margin estimates. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: I want to circle back on a statement you made earlier. You said that Q1 would be down less than normal given the lean inventory in the industry. Were you referring to your OEM and EMS customers or were you referring to the lean inventory of the semiconductor industry?
Mark S. Thompson: It was a customer and channel inventory remark.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: That's good news. And then if you look at apples to apples, you're going to be down your guidance implies roughly flat to down 1% or thereabouts for Q4. Within consumer, industrial, computing, etc., can you just walk us through, give us a little bit of color on what you're expecting in the quarter?
Mark S. Thompson: Well, our estimates are up from the third quarter, not down.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: I was just looking - if you back in the $11 million, if you look at the consumption numbers.
Mark S. Thompson: Oh, I see. 
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: I'm just looking apples to apples, if you will.
Mark S. Thompson: So that would include some Q4 softening, which is a typical seasonal pattern. So we've simply in that estimate baked in a normal Q4 ending, which is a roll off in demand.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: No, I understand that. I'm just - I think it's fine; I'm not saying it's anything negative. I'm just, you know, if you could give us some color on end markets on that usual seasonality. Is it just normal seasonality across all your end markets, what the dynamics are, how that's computing, industrial, communications, etc. 
Mark S. Thompson: It's more focused on consumer stuff, obviously, so if you look at displays, handsets, set top boxes, all those kinds of things, there's a tendency to shut those down. Although we also saw that there were a lot of furloughs and lengthy holidays in the industrial space as well, certainly at the end of 2008, although it's not as pronounced typically as it is. We would certainly not expect that to be so severe this year, so I think what you'd expect to see is, for that amount, more concentrated toward computing, handset and consumer, less concentrated toward industrial. 
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: And my last question would be, getting back to the lead time question and over ordering, etc., it's 6 to 8 weeks blended now. What was it last quarter and where does it get to when you get worried?
Mark S. Thompson: This quarter was up a couple of weeks, so we were roughly five to six weeks in the second quarter, six to eight in the third.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: And 10 gets you worried? Is that kind of the way to look at it?
Mark S. Thompson: We don't like double digits for sure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan.
Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan: For your Q4 inventories, what is your expectation? Do you expect them on a dollar basis to be flat, down, up?  And then also for your lead times, do you expect them to continue to extend into Q4?
Mark S. Thompson: We're generally counting on that inventory neutral in Q4.  And, Dan, in terms of lead times - 
Dan Janson: Lead times, it's going to depend on order rates, right, Shawn? So if order rates follow a more seasonal pattern then I would think they would not change all that much, maybe even come down a little bit towards the end of the quarter. If demand is stronger than lead times would probably be flat and even up a little bit.
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: And then on the income statement line, as we look into 2010, what is your estimate for the tax rate we should be modeling?
Mark S. Frey: There's a lot of variables in 2010 but generally model in 15% to 20%. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bill Ong – Merriman.
Bill Ong – Merriman: You [inaudible] some color on the new products for the LCD end market with [inaudible] incorporating [inaudible] backlighting. Do you have any plans of participating in the LED drivers? I know you do that on the low voltage side, but other LED applications?
Mark S. Thompson: Yes. We certainly have a very broad approach to lighting and controlling LEDs from the power supply through the drivers. 
Bill Ong - Merriman: Okay, any other end markets that you plan to participate in, particularly since this seems to be a pretty growth end market segment going forward in 2010 and beyond?
Mark S. Thompson: Yes, actually, my statement was intended to be very broad. If it involves lighting up an LED, we've got plans to do it, ranging from the - in fact, we have some quite active programs on the AC/DC, some of the PSR products that I commented on, there's versions of those that adapt an LED to the AC environment.  So we agree with you that it's a very exciting and important market that will drive growth for quite a few years, and we have very active programs really in every significant implementation space.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Your comments about doing a level of tuning in your channel in [inaudible] in 2010, something I understood is you could potentially get back closer to the normal levels of [inaudible] weeks. Is the current level below 10 weeks you currently have at [inaudible]? Is that below or in line with what distributors actually want or is it just the result of supply constraints with some of your products.
Mark S. Thompson: Tristan, let me correct a misconception I must have created. We do not - we believe that we can operate significantly leaner than 11 weeks. So historically our supply chain tools only allowed us to operate at 11 without having risks of service issues. As we've improved them we have then opportunity to operate a lower level.  If you look at the mechanics, what we decided as a first step was to take a week off that. And so instead of being targeted at 11, we were targeting ourselves at 10. We came in a bit underneath that, which we think is an opportunity to test the case a little bit, which is what we're doing presently. We think that there could be opportunity to run it even a bit lower than that but not committing to it nor having it as a target.  So I think the correct interpretation is that it's approximately in range right now. We're going to try to operate it at that level, but don't have enough data on service levels yet to reflect that as a hard target. So that's the reason that I softened the language a little bit because I didn't want to create a misconception that we had enough day to say absolutely we can run this thing at 9.5 weeks. We'd like to and we're going to try to, but we might back off in a few places - to 11, absolutely not. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: So have the distributors been pushing back? We know that they have received some pressure from OEMs about potentially carrying a little bit more, but I guess they're comfortable with those levels?
Mark S. Thompson: I think they are, yes. They all tend to have asset management goals and so clearly less inventory helps them achieve their goals, so it's good all around. 
Dan Janson: We have time for one more question.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Craig Berger - FBR Capital Market.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Market: Can you guys just talk about how utilizations will drive future gross margins and what type of leverage is still left given that you're running at 77% in the third quarter?
Mark S. Frey: Well, obviously, as utilizations improve and move closer to 90% that will drive better gross margins and lower average unit cost for inventory. I don't have a specific calculation for you. It depends on the product mix. But we view it as a positive. 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Market: Are there any impacts or benefits in the fourth quarter from utilization still being low earlier in the third quarter?
Mark S. Frey: Yes, and that's built into our guidance. 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Market: And can you just confirm that you said Q1 OPEX heads towards 76 and then declines from there? Was that what I heard?
Mark S. Frey: Declines modestly. 
Dan Janson: All right, thank you and that's all that we have time for now for right now. Operator, that's the end.
Operator:  That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark S. Thompson - Chief Executive Officer Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Terence Whalen - Citigroup Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank Securities Romit Shah – Barclays Capital Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan Steve Smigie – Raymond James Parag Agarwal – UBS Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak Bill Ong – Merriman  Craig Berger – FBR Capital Market 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor second quarter earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Dan Janson.
Dan Janson: Thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor's second quarter of 2009 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's President and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we're attending the Canaccord Adams Investor Conferences in Boston on August 11th and the Deutsche Bank Tech Conference in San Francisco on September 15th.  We will start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our second quarter financial results and discuss the current status of third quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets, and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC.  In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains 2009 Q2 fact sheet, a financial section with updated unaudited financial highlights, including detailed break-outs of segment and regional revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA. Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark S. Frey: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Fairchild reported solid improvement in virtually all aspects of our business in the second quarter. Of particular note was our ability to drop 64% of our Q2 incremental sales to adjusted gross profit. We expect this fall through leverage to moderate to a still very healthy level of 50% in the second half of this year, assuming that we hold internal inventory flat. We also reported strong free cash flow, or cash from operations minus capex, of $47 million for Q2 and $51 million for the first half. Despite the difficult macroeconomic environment, we delivered the highest first half cash flow since the year 2000.  For the second quarter of 2009, Fairchild reported sales of $278 million, up 25 percent sequentially and 34 percent lower than the second quarter of 2008. We further reduced distributors’ inventory of our products by approximately $24 million sequentially which impacted second quarter sales. Gross margin on a GAAP basis was 23.2%. That included $3.7 million of acceleration depreciation as well as a $600,000 inventory write-off related to our previously announced fab closures. Adjusted gross margin excluding these items was 24.8%, up nearly 10 percentage points from the prior quarter due primarily to higher sales, higher factory loadings, favorable product mix, and the realization of ongoing cost reduction efforts such as manufacturing overhead optimization, yield improvement, improved material costs, and more competitive subcontractor pricing. This was offset by somewhat weaker customer pricing.  R&D and SG&A expenses were $69.3 million, up slightly from the prior quarter as we continued to main tight controls on spending. OpEx spending in Q2 increased compared to Q1 due to fewer enforced vacation days and higher equity compensation, offset by the impact of headcount reductions. In Q2, we recorded an $11.3 million charge for restructuring and impairments. Net interest and other expenses on a GAAP basis were $5.7 million in the second quarter and included an $800,000 gain on debt retirement and a net $2.1 million loss on the impairment of equity investments. Excluding these items, adjusted net interest and other expenses were $4.4 million in the quarter, down from $5.3 in Q1 due to continued decreases in borrowing costs. Now, I’d like to review second quarter highlights of our sales and gross margin performance for each of our product groups. In our MC Cubed business, sales jumped 34% from the prior quarter, driven primarily by solid recovery in MOSFET demand for computing. Overall, MC Cubed adjusted gross margins were up nearly 17 percentage points sequentially to 32% due to the higher factory loadings primarily for low voltage MOSFETs, partially offset by pricing and mix pressure in certain end markets. Sales were up about 17% sequentially in our PCIA group as we significantly increased shipments of our power conversion products due to higher computing, consumer, and industrial demand. Adjusted gross margins increased nearly two percentage points to 21%, due primarily to higher factory loadings and a more favorable product mix. Standard discrete technology and standard linear product sales increased roughly 19%, and adjusted gross margin improved 8 percentage points compared to the prior quarter, also due primarily to higher factory loadings. The manufacturing of these products is more heavily outsourced than our other product lines, and so gross margins are somewhat less susceptible to changes in sales volume.  Turning to balance sheet, we reduced internal inventories by more than $8 million or 19 days to 87 days of inventory. If we calculate days of inventory using the actual sell through from the distribution channel plus our direct sales to OEM and EMS customers, we ended the quarter at about 79 days. We aggressively managed our collections process resulting in a DSO decrease of 8 days to 38 days. Our reductions in costs, aggressive inventory and working capital management coupled with lower capital spending enabled us to sequentially increase cash and securities by $36 million to $423 million in the second quarter, despite paying off $16 million in debt. Turning now the current status of third quarter business, our scheduled backlog for third quarter shipments is currently about $300 million which is roughly $50 million higher than at this point a quarter ago. Included in this amount is approximately $25 million of backlog that we booked in the first 2-1/2 weeks of this quarter. Assuming we continue to record positive backlog fill consistent with the current order patterns, we believe sales in the range of $300 to $325 million are possible for the third quarter.  For this range of revenue, we anticipate adjusted gross margin to be between 25-27%. We expect R&D and SG&A spending to be approximately $70 million. Interest expense for the third quarter is expected to be $4.5 to $5.0 million, while our tax expense should be approximately zero. We anticipate recording approximately $4 million in restructuring charges and $3.6 million of accelerated depreciation in Q3 associated with previously announced cost reduction actions. As with last quarter, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce third quarter results.  Now I will turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark S. Thompson : I’d like to begin with a brief review of the strong sales and margin growth we saw in the second quarter. Let’s start by looking at the details behind the performance, and how despite growing sales 25% from a quarter ago, we were still able to reduce channel inventory in Q2. Recall that a quarter ago we outlined our expectations that consumption demand for our products would be about $295 million in Q2 and that we expected to undership consumption by a bit more than $20 million.  As the quarter progressed and order rates and sell through continued to improve, it became evident that consumption demand would be higher than we originally planned. Our Q2 results reflect this improvement as we reported $278 million in sales and nearly a $24 million reduction in channel inventory. This puts Q2 consumption demand at a minimum of $200 million. I want to emphasize this point. Our strong sales growth in Q2 is primarily a result of realigning our shipments with actual consumption demand and comes even as we reduced both internal and channel inventory again this quarter. Remember than Fairchild and most of our peers experienced a 40% or greater decrease in sales during this cycle, while the end-markets we serve as expected to correct only 10-15%. I-Supply recently updated their 2009 forecast for the major semiconductor end-markets to decrease just 10% compared to 2008. Fairchild entered this cycle with one of the leanest inventory positions in our peer group, so clearly our sales could not remain so far below end demand for long.  Looking forward to Q3, we expect another significant increase in sales, due to a higher backlog position as we ship more in line with actual consumption demand which is expected to be up modestly. We also expect to maintain or further reduce inventories in the third quarter.  Moving to the rest of our Q2 results, order rates improved across a broad range of end-markets with the greatest strength in the computing, handset, and consumer markets. Geographically, Asia continued to be our strongest region. North America appears to be stabilizing with some early signs of improvement, and Europe remains weak. We’ve also seen a solid recovery in our direct sales into the OEM and EMS channel, with starting scheduled backlog for the current quarter up 15% from the first quarter.  Overall product pricing was down about 3% sequentially which is slightly weaker than prior quarters, but we expect the trend to moderate as order rates improve. Factory utilization increased to about 67%, up from roughly 50% in Q1, and we maintained lead times within a stable range of 5-6 weeks during the quarter. The factor consolidation program which we announced in Q1 remains on schedule to deliver substantial savings with the full impact expected to begin Q3 of next year. We also expect to realize steady cost reductions from depreciation and amortization roll off as we spend substantially less of Capex going forward than in the previous years. We anticipate the depreciation run rate to decrease by about $1.5 million per quarter by Q4 of this year and another $3 to $3.5 million a quarter by the fourth quarter of 2010.  In the distribution channel, sell through was up nearly 14% sequentially, and inventory decreased about $24 million resulting in a 3-week sequential reduction to 11.3 weeks of channel inventory. Based on current booking trends and discussions with our distribution customers, we expect mid single digit growth in sell through in Q3 compared to the second quarter.  Turning now to our product line results, MC Cubed sales rebounded strongly from the prior quarter driven primarily by higher demand for low voltage MOSFETs for the computing market and analog products supporting the handset sector. We continue to gain share with our growing portfolio of analog products targeted at handset and ultra-portable applications.  Our advanced analog switches are the preferred solution used by major handset customers to transition to standard USB ports and provide both signal detection and switching capabilities in a single device. In mobile power, we are expanding our market for high frequency voltage regulators to address the top power consuming functions within the handset. We’re also expanding our customer base for these products, and we recently added another high volume account.  We continue to transition our low voltage MOSFET portfolio to our new Power Trend 7 fab process which enables smaller dye size and smaller packages and lower costs while providing better performance and power efficiency in applications such as notebook and netbook PCs. These PT7 devices are designed to provide optimal performance in the Montevina and Capella notebook platforms. PCIA sales were up 17% sequentially with the strongest growth coming from analog power conversion products supporting computing, consumer, and industrial end markets. Fairchild remains on the forefront of proving power management solutions that greatly improve the efficiency of virtually all electronic appliances and applications.  Our proprietary primary side regulator or PSR products enable standby power consumptions as low as 30 milliwatts while reducing part count in low power batter adapters such those used to charge handsets. Just a few years ago, chargers barely achieved 1 Watt standby power consumption, and now we’re pushing the envelope to 30 milliwatts—a 97% reduction in energy waste. We’re also uniquely positioned to offer the only 30 milliwatt standby power solution for notebook PC batter chargers using a multichip package capability we’ve developed over the years. We continue to expand our innovative use power factor correction in computing, industrial, and consumer applications to enable greater efficiency and lower operating costs.  In closing, I think there are a few key points you should take away from this discussion. First is that our strong sales growth is the natural result of bringing our shipments back in line with true consumption demand. We delivered this growth even as we significantly reduced inventory throughout our supply chain, and we continue to be biased towards running as lean as possible. Second, our still relatively low shipments and utilizations levels provide a great deal of leverage on our operating model to turn incremental sales into earnings. We’re committed to holding the line on costs both above and below the gross profit line to deliver strong earnings growth as sales improve. Third, these lower costs and reduced capital spending coupled with effective inventory and working capital management position us to generate strong cash flow in 2009 and into the future. Finally, we continue to invest in innovative and analog and power management products which have enabled steady share gains in our target applications. We believe the growing demand for greater energy efficiency and the continued advancement in wireless convergence devices will provide attractive growth opportunities for Fairchild well into the future.   Thank you, and I will turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson : We'll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks, now let's take the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today comes from Terence Whalen – Citigroup.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: My question relates to the sustainability of the end-demand and the strong order pattern that you’re seeing for computing. I know that the builds particularly around notebook and some of the CULB platforms have been generating good order strength for you. What are some of the leading indicators you’re looking at to determine whether you get carry-through phases of orders as ODMs restock on that and can you just talk a little bit about your expectations and what you see in your rolling forecast and ordering patterns to give us any information regarding the texture of end demand heading into the September/October time frame. 
Mark S. Thompson : We have first of all conversations through the entire supply chain for computing, starting with microprocessor, with the OEM in the middle and then the ODMs at the production level. It’s a very lean supply chain right now, and so I think the visibility is low but the inventory circumstances I think are pretty healthy, and our lead times are quite short, so we have the ability to adjust our production to align with whatever the demand happens to be, but the ability, I don’t think anyone is really in the position to provide a lot of long term visibility to that marketplace.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: What is your expectation for distributor inventory in the third quarter embedded in your guidance? 
Mark S. Thompson : Embedded in our guidance is an expectation that we will reduce it further but probably not dramatically, something in the $5-$10 million range, which if you take the estimate that we offer to the mid single digit increase in point of sale would land us somewhere between ten and eleven weeks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank Securities.  
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess from the revenue guidance side of things you gave a lot of math versus consumption etc, but if I look at last quarter, you had about $250 million in backlog and you ended up shipping turns of close to $30 million bucks roughly, and you burned a lot of inventory. Why are you assuming that the turns right would slow from an absolute dollar perspective heading into the third quarter? 
Mark S. Thompson : Ross, I guess maybe the best way to put it is, we’re not really assuming anything. We’re really trying to calculate outcomes of certain events so if you look at the book ends of the estimates that we offered, we simply flipped the amount we booked so far which is about two and a half weeks, added that which is about five weeks, and if this was a normal Q3, you would expect that most of your bookings would have occurred in the first five weeks of the quarter. And now, we also know that the environment of course is still a bit odd, and we are trying to figure out the new pattern, and it is a seasonal industry, so we acknowledge the possibility, although we have not seen in the order patterns that there could be a role off that would occur if people saw that their on re-sales for example weren’t occurring, so it’s a very lean supply chain, and I think people are reacting rapidly to any disequilibrium, so it was really a framework for outcomes, not a prediction of the future. 
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank Securities: As far as the framework goes, what’s your normal seasonality to the extent normal even applies right now for the fourth quarter, and what would be some of the relatively unique dynamics that could influence that especially things like Windows 7 and end-demand and those sorts of things that we should think about albeit I know you’re not guiding for the fourth quarter specifically?
Mark S. Frey: To start with, just a reminder on Q3 sell through would typically be up 4% from Q2 to Q3 and then down slightly in Q4. Again, it’s hard to comment on Q4, but obviously if the back to school sales are on the high end, and if manufactures are optimistic about Christmas, then they will come back in October and place additional orders. 
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess from that perspective a lot of other companies have gone from the burning of inventory stage to actually rebuilding some in the channel. It seems like you commentary for the third quarter is that you have no plans to rebuild whatsoever. Is it just getting back to the equilibrium for you or do you believe in the lean commentary that some retail at some point is likely to occur?
Mark S. Thompson : Ross, I think there’s a couple of things. First is that we do think that in general it’s good to operate with as little inventory as possible, and so we are continuing to drive in a lean direction, but the other side to it is that we certainly have seen the actual point of sale increase as well steadily across the year, so that’s a clear indication that the OEMs are building products, and a couple of other I guess metrics for that because there are linkages between what the direct business as the OEM and the distribution business is that the OEM business is up 14% starting backlog to starting backlog, so I think that’s also an indication that point of sale we expect to continue to grow, and so we’re using both small amounts of undership in anticipation of increased sell through to take the channel down in the 10-week range, and once we are at about 10 weeks, it’s not likely that it would make sense to go lower than that, so then I think we would try to track retail as closely as possible. One other thing I think is worth offering is as we all try to figure out what’s going on out there is we did book more than $350 million of orders during the second quarter, and so that gives some indication again with short lead time environment and nobody putting speculative business out there, so a sort of going back to the framework of thinking about the third quarter and a transition to the fourth. That’s the data point that also I think helps suggest a pretty solid opportunity to drive all the parameters in the right direction in the third quarter.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Barclays Capital. 
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Mark, just on the incremental fall-throughs well above 50% in Q2 and based on my numbers, it’s dropping down into the mid 30s, is there anything unusual hitting the gross margin line or in Q3, and what is a good assumption to make in future quarters for incremental gross margins?  
Mark Frey:  The fall-through is sort of a cumulative function. It doesn’t happen linearly quarter to quarter. In Q2, we did get a little more than we originally expected, and in Q3, we’re expecting and planning for continued internal inventory reductions, so that obviously lowers production volume. We think the function is obviously something that will degrade as the revenue line goes higher, but we think that fall-through amount is good up to the mid 300s in revenue, and then the impact of Mountain Top would be in addition to that.  
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Is the 25 to 27% gross margin guidance number, is that an adjusted gross margin number? 
Mark Frey: Yes, it is. It excludes the accelerated depreciation.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Mark Thompson, just a quick question for you on your comment about running as lean as possible. Just looking at some of your competitors, they tend to manage channel inventories below 10 weeks. Is there a reason why you guys are carrying inventory in the channel a couple of weeks above that? 
Mark Thompson: We set our targets based on service levels, and it winds up really being a function of the mix both geographic mix and also a product mix, and so I think if you make it on an equivalent complexity analysis, I think we’re are as good as anyone is. For example, the big chunk of our business in Asia, the fulfillment distribution piece aimed at computing, we run consistently less than 10 weeks, and I think we could probably get that to 9 or even less, whereas European industrial business, for example, is much lower turning and more granular in the product families and portfolios, and so you’ll have turns there that are less than 3, but that doesn’t indicate lack of help. We do benchmark it carefully on an equivalent complexity performance, and we do think that we’re in the range of as good as anyone out there in terms of our ability to deliver a certain service level from a dollar of channel inventory. 
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: So comparing your 11 weeks to On at like 8 or 9, it is not necessarily an apples to apples comparison? 
Mark Thompson: May not be. You have to recognize that there is a different revenue recognition model there as well. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with J.P. Morgan. 
Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan: What do you expect your utilization rates to do in Q3? 
Mark Frey: Mid to upper 70s. 
Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan: And do you expect them to continue to go up in Q4 as well at this point. 
Mark Frey: Well, obviously we don’t know what the demand is going to be in Q4, but by driving to as efficient inventory as possible, we would expect that we wouldn’t have to continue to burn inventory in Q4, so we are trying to balance Q3 and Q4, but we’re not offering guidance on Q4.
Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan: Doing the math and tying together what you guys have been talking about in terms of end consumption, is it fair to say that as of this quarter you should be shipping to end consumption? 
Mark Thompson: I think the aggregate of what we offered up is that we would still expect to slightly undership consumption this quarter. If you look at the progression, we undershipped consumption by 50-ish in the first quarter and well under 25 in the second, and as I commented earlier in the 5 to 10 range in the third quarter, so the trajectory would be by fourth quarter that we would be pretty well in line with consumption.  
Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan:  So would that mean that end consumption, you expect it to go up 10% sequentially in Q3?
Mark Frey: Mid single digits. 
Mark Thompson: The point of sale is mid single digits. The OEM is 14%, so that gets you to the high single digits for sure. 
Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan: In terms of the end markets, what are the strongest end-markets you expect in Q3? 
Mark Thompson:  Q3 is pretty broadly healthy from what we see with the exception, and then we commented on the regional piece is that Europe is still pretty dead. The US is showing some modest recovery, and Asia has been pretty strong. In terms of market, again it’s pretty broadly based with the exception of automotive which is still very dead, but everything else is corrected for a reduction in broad demand level from 2008, have all recovered to a reasonable level. 
Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan: It seems like your lead times came up slightly in this quarter versus the last quarter. Are there any areas where you’re experiencing product tightness or end markets? 
Mark Thompson:  Well, there are always a few packages that are a little bit tight, clearly on the fab side, we are in pretty good shape. There’s a couple of commuting packages that are a little bit tight right now, but not problematic. 
Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan: In terms of the restructuring and the cost and the closing down of your facilities, when should we expect those other charges like the $11 million charge and the $3.5 million charge in cost of goods sold to stop?  
Mark Frey: Well, even though we announce the program in Q4 and Q1, you take the charges when you actually trigger some of the events, and therefore they’ll continue in a declining amount throughout the end of the year and even into early next year. 
Shawn Webster – J.P. Morgan:  The accelerated depreciation charges, should those continue into next year as well or will they stop after Q3? 
Mark Frey: They will stop after Q3 of next year. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James:  I was curious if you could talk about where you might see peak gross margin at this point given the closing of Mountain Top and reduced depreciation expense. 
Mark Frey: Obviously, we’ve added a lot of leverage into our system. We’ve taken fixed costs down, and we have taken our footprint down. We haven’t seen the impact of that over a larger sales base, but we do believe it provides an opportunity to take our margins up higher than our historical averages. As you know, we had prior to this cycle a high 30% goal. We’ve not updated that goal for the new environment yet, but we’re working on that model strategically this summer, and would expect to get longer term, not guidance but model expectations in front of people sometime this fall. 
Mark Thompson: What we expect to show Steve is that the opportunity to drive to higher margins than historically. We’ll have a higher target, and we’ll achieve them at lower revenues. 
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: On the MOFSET side when we talk about PT7, can you talk about your view of market share and competitive advantage at this point? Clearly, this has been an unusual environment, but how do you guys see yourself positioned coming out of this? European competitors may have been somewhat weaker through this, so where are you now relative to that, and how do things evolve here over the next year or so?  
Mark Thompson: We continue to see computing as a very important market for us, and we feel quite good about it, and obviously it’s a very competitive market place, so there are opportunities to gain share and then there are opportunities to lose it if things shift the way you don’t like. Certainly we see netbooks for example as quite favorable to our strategy. If you look at what we have got, we have we believe one of if not the most advanced fine-pitched trench technology out there, so we can go to very small dye. The exciting thing about that is that we can now finally begin to move off the historic big clunky packages like SO8s, for example, and down to some very tiny dual packages like 3 mm x 3 mm packages. Notebooks haven’t been nearly as focused on weight and footprint as you might think as anybody that lugs one around, as we all do know. Netbook is more philosophically like a cellphone. They pay attention to battery life, weight, materials, and so we think a lot of the competitive landscape will not be able to move to smaller packages because they don’t have the technology, and so we think that there is an opportunity to really shift that landscape over the next 12 months, and that’s what our big focus is. 
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: That 3 x 3 package, is that something you have in place now in Penang or something like that and ready to go, or is that something that’s coming? 
Mark Thompson: No. It’s in production right now and ramping, so it’s real. 
Mark Frey: But it’s in Penang. 
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: If you could talk a little bit about the success on the analog switch side, what’s giving you the competitive advantage there also? 
Mark Thompson:  There’s a couple of moving parts to that. First is that we have had historically a very strong position in switch, and that’s been a result of having a very strong engineering group in tight regular communication with the handset customers around the world as they basically demanded more and more from their analog switch from something that not that long ago was just a simple thing that switched to ear buds, and now if you look at what people are trying to do, migrate to standard USB connectors, multi-duty for pins, standard switch mode chargers. All of a sudden, you’re moving data through the connector. You’re switching audio, you’re switching video. You’re managing power and all with a standard USB block, so the humble analog switch has actually become one of the more important aggregation points in the phone for integration of functionality, and so we have been well positioned with that. I think we have done a solid job of aligning the other strategic blocks and capabilities, adding audio now, and so I think that’s going to continue to be really strong place for us, so again we’ve bet on the future in that and power management for example, and those things are really coming to the fore now in having advanced solutions that allow our customers to really migrate their features and the overall rapid design, so those are really the key moving part for that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Parag Agarwal with UBS. 
Parag Agarwal – UBS:  I just wanted to drill down further on the gross margin. Some of your competitors have a higher grow margin than you have, so the question is as you head into 2010 and as lots of costs start to come up, do you expect to close that gap with your competitors in terms of gross margin? 
Mark Frey:  Yes, we do. As we said earlier, I think we can match our previous gross margins at about $100 million less revenue per quarter than we did before, and I think that’s an indication of the leverage that we’ve built, and as revenue begins to grow in future years, I think it will take us above our average and move us closer to our original strategic target of about 38% or at least interim strategic targets.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Let me ask the same question in a different way. Previously at 90% utilization, your gross margin was about 30%, so with all the costs coming up, what do you think your gross margin would be at 90% or plus utilization level? 
Mark Thompson: We are not ready to give you that model yet. We have been approaching that by advising you on what the fall-through would be, but clearly we think it will be higher at 90% than it was before, and as I said, we’ll try to put something in front of you closer to this fall. 
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Lastly, there have been some reports of shortages of components. Are you seeing any change in ordering patterns from your consumers? Are they kind of anxious about any component shortages? 
Mark Thompson: I think that there are probably a few places where the supply chain is pretty tight. Given the amount of inventory that’s been taken out of it, that’s pretty natural. What we haven’t seen is any change whatsoever in the aging pattern of our incoming orders and so they are very naturally a portion. We have seen nothing that resembles speculative ordering, and so we very carefully track the distribution of orders as when people are asking for ship dates, and over the last quarter, we have not seen that shift at all to the longer request dates, so all the data we see says that people are, the orders that they are placing are aligned with demand as they see it in the moment and not anticipations or fear.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Are you seeing orders being placed into Q4? 
Mark Thompson: Well, certainly at this point we would naturally see orders placed into Q4. If you look at the beginning of a quarter, normally you’ll see a little less than half of the orders fall into the current quarter and then a little less half would fall into the subsequent quarter and then maybe 10% would land in the quarter beyond that, usually associated with contract awards, and that kind of thing, so that would we a typical first month of the quarter pattern that we would see, and that’s absolutely the pattern that we see now.  
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird. 
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Is the comment that you can reach the same gross margin with $20 million less in revenues and deferral including or excluding the fab closure benefits you announced in Q1 and also what utilization rate gain would you get from the fab restructuring if we assume stable run rates?
Mark Frey:  First of all, it was $100 million per quarter, lower level, and it excludes the phase shift impact of the Mountain Top closure which will be in Q3 of next year. Does that answer your question Tristan? 
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: Yes. 
Mark Frey: On the utilization, our capacity as a moving target, obviously by taking out the 4-inch line and the Mountain Top facility, we’ll lower our wafer output, but at the same time, we’re moving that equipment into other fabs. Our Power Trend 7 is a more efficient processor, so it produces more dye, but we expect our capacity to be closer into the high 300s for today’s equipment set, and then although our capital spending is far lower than it was before, it is still capital spending and it is supplementing our capacity on an ongoing basis.
Tristan Gerra – Robert Baird: What percentage of manufacturing was outsourced in the quarter? 
Mark Frey: Around 30%, and I’m talking about back end. We’re largely in-sourced in the front end. 
Mark Thompson: Tristan, another I guess element to the analysis that I think you’re trying to do is the sum of the line that we are taking out of Korea plus the Mountain Top facility would amount to a little over 10% of our total revenue. That’s the increment there that can either disappear or reappear in one of the other factories as market conditions require. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners:  I was interested in the 3% ASP decline, and do you expect that trend to get better in the third quarter? I wonder if you could describe what was happening with the 3% decline. 
Mark Thompson:  If you look at the mode that everyone in the industry has been in including us, yes, severely under-utilized plans, and you want to fill them, so the first thing you do is you fill your plants and then the next thing you do is you fill them with the best business you can find, so I think if you look at our and other utilization rates are getting back to a healthy level, which means that you can be naturally more selective about the business that you take and so normally that’s how the prices moderate as people become more disciplined about the business that they take and the pricing pressures moderate. They are always there, but they just moderate. 
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners:  So there are significant orders and so you went after those, and now we can calm down, I guess? 
Mark Thompson: That’s the way to put it. 
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners: In the automotive market, what percentage of your revenue is in a typical year automotive? 
Mark Thompson: 5 to 7 in a typical year. 
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Do you have any heavier exposure to North America versus Europe versus Asia? 
Mark Thompson: Actually we have very little exposure to North America. The biggest portion of our automotive business is in Europe aimed at high fuel efficiency direct injection diesel kind of applications, and then the strategic focus area has been Korea.  
Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners:  The emergence of a hybrid car, do you see any pickup around that? 
Mark Thompson: The hybrid volumes are so small that they really don’t amount to much in the grand scheme of things automotive. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak. 
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: On the gross margins, apart from the $3.6 million accelerated depreciation, is there an additional inventory write off that’s baked into your current expectation for September? 
Mark Frey:  No. We’ve baked in our normal inventory obsolescence experience. 
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: As you start to come back to profitability, how should we think about the tax rate going forward? 
Mark Frey:  Well, that’s obviously going to depend on what the President does. We have a net operating loss carry forward position in the US which as long as we are operating from that position, and I think even as we get into profitability, that would be the case for several years. Our weighted average tax rate should in the 15 to 20% range. 
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: You talked about your USB. If you can just give us some more color about what you’re doing around the USB devices? 
Mark Thompson:  What we’re doing depends by handset manufacturer, but in general, we see many of the major handset makers migrating to a micro USB as the standard connector for the cellphone for everything, so you have charging, you can connect to a PC, and there’s any number of things that you would use that for. You don’t have very many pins in a USB, so you have to handle data, power, and you also have to be able to decide what’s on the pin, and so it’s obviously a tremendous benefit to the handset maker and to user, simplicity of user moving toward standard chargers, but it puts a lot of burden on the IC on the inbound side of that to be able to use a common pin for several things, recognize what’s what, switch seamlessly between the function, and not let anything bad happen as it does that, so it’s really mix of USB transceiver blocks plus analog switch in the broadest sense including video, audio, and then next on the roadmap is likely some integration of audio function as well because that’s a natural place to put audio very close to port and where the earpieces would be. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Bill Ong from Merriman. 
Bill Ong – Merriman : My question is more on the business unit growth rate. What type of growth rate are you forecasting for your products for the September quarter to reach the $300 to $325 million revenue run rate, and also as you get to a more normalized growth rate next year, what type of annual growth rate can we expect from these units? 
Mark Thompson: If you took whatever the growth rate winds up being, it will be slightly more from the PCIA group than it would be from the MC Cubed group, so if it wound up being say 10%, we might say 6% of that would be from the PCIA and say 4 of it might be from MC Cubed, so that would be the way to partition it, and in terms of thinking about growth rates in 2010, I’m not ready to predict 2010 yet. What I would say is that we feel very as I commented earlier about some of our programs in some major places for example aimed at enabling some very sophisticated user-friendly smartphones, enabling some great power management solutions in netbook, our lighting solutions, industrial power, there’s a whole number of things that we feel very excited and bullish about, and we think that we should be able to outperform the market, whatever the market happens to do in 2010, so we are excited about the year. 
Mark Frey : That said, we do expect that standard products will grow very modestly if not at all as we really focus on just generating cash from them. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Berger from FBR Capital Market. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Market: I wanted to dig into the gross margins. I know a bunch of questions have been asked. Essentially you guys highlighted $12 million of depreciation that’s going to roll off over the next year. What’s the ongoing cash cost that you’ll be saving from closing your facilities, and can you also talk about any unit cost benefits you’ll get from selling lower utilization product in Q3 that you build in Q1 and Q2 and how you expect that to benefit gross margins as we move forward? 
Mark Frey:  First in terms of the cash benefits, it’s about $20 million on an annualized basis, and that would be timed with the closure of Mountain Top after the second quarter of next year. The depreciation number you just citied included the Mountain Top falloff which will also happen after the second quarter of next year, and obviously that’s just indicative of the fact that equipment will no longer be in use. In terms of the accounting component you talked about in Q1, yes that is a factor that your expenses this quarter reflect to your lower utilizations from last quarter and on and on because accounting causes you to defer the benefit of lower costs to the point in time where you sell the product, and that’s built into our guidance, and it is overall built into our fall-through models, and that’s why it should expect to accelerate as you continue to put up higher utilization quarters. I think there was a third question in there, but I forget what it is now.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Market: So $20 million year of cash savings by the end of Q2 and $12 million a quarter is $48 million a year of depreciation, so $68 million a year of total cost savings is the way to think about that, just checking the math? 
Mark Frey:  Now that’s not all just Mountain Top. Embedded in the depreciation is the general modeling that I think Dan put out there at the last conference. Essentially we are depreciating at about $32 million per quarter, not counting the accelerated depreciation, and we’re investing at closer to $15 million per quarter, so the number we just gave you is the timing. The 32 eventually over time has to go down to 15 depending on how long we can sustain 15 to 20 as the investment rate.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Market: That was my next question. How do you think about your ongoing levels of capex? I think you guys used to talk about 6 to 8% of sales. Is it now 5%? 
Mark Thompson:  We’re targeting that Craig strategically and seeing what we can do in the 5 to 6 range, and certainly there is some lower margin products that have offered to make room for higher margin products to allow us to do that, so we will be using that as a forcing mechanism at least through 2010, and I think we can continue to drive that into 2011. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Market: On the revenues, 275 of revenues in Q2 plus $50 million better backlog kind of suggest the high end of your guidance range for Q3. Is there some conservatism baked into the guidance or how do you view that? 
Mark Thompson: All year, we have been trying to avoid predicting the future but really just offering the moving parts. If order rates don’t fall off, so far they have been quite steady, then yes. We would certainly expect to trend to the high end of the estimate range we put out there.  
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Market: It looks like you guys are going to be about net cash neutral by the end of the year. Can you just talk about your plans for cash or debt pay-down or how you’re viewing your debt instruments?  
Mark Frey: What do you mean by net cash neutral? 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Market: Well, about equal amounts of cash and debt. 
Mark Frey:  Obviously for the year we expect to continue to generate cash in the second half. As we showed in June, we bought some of our loan back at a discount, and in three of the last four years, we’ve delevered the company, we’ve lowered the amount of debt, and we’ll continue that bias. This cycle I think caught a lot of companies’ management teams’ attention in terms of how you can lose control of your company if you are too highly leveraged, and so we would continue to have a very cautious stance on that. Now the tradeoff on that is potential acquisition opportunities for cash which we’ll have to take them as they come. We actively look at investing in new technologies that we can bring into the company for either cash or stock, and we’ll make those decisions as they present themselves, but overall we’re pretty cautious about the leverage that we accept in the company.  
Mark Thompson: That’s all we have time for today. 
Operator: That concludes our conference call today. Thank you all for your participation.
 and are :
Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.:
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S : If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Keith Jackson - President and CEO Donald Colvin - CFO Ken Rizvi - IR
Analysts: Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird Steve Smigie - Raymond James John Barton - Cowen & Company John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Venk Nathamuni - JPMorgan Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets Romit Shah - Barclays Capital Parag Agarwal - UBS Terence Whalen - Citigroup Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors John Vinh - Collins Stewart Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan 
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ON Semiconductor first quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Ken Rizvi. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Ken Rizvi: Thank you, Marcelo. Good afternoon and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor Corporation’s first quarter 2009 conference call. I am joined today by Keith Jackson, our President and CEO, and Donald Colvin, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com and will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the first quarter of 2008. The script for today’s call is posted on our website and will be furnished via a Form 8-K filing. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted separately on our website in the Investor Relations section. In the upcoming quarter, we will present at the JPMorgan Technology Conference on May 18 and the UBS Technology Conference on June 8. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, expect, plan, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Important factors relating to our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other filings with the SEC. The company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors. Now, let’s hear from Donald Colvin, our CFO, who will provide an overview of the first quarter results. Donald.
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Ken, and thanks to everyone who is joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the first quarter of 2009 were $379.1 million, a decrease of approximately 22% from the fourth quarter of 2008. During the first quarter of 2009, the company reported a GAAP net loss of $33.9 million or $0.08 per fully diluted share. The first quarter 2009 GAAP net loss included net charges of $47.6 million, or $0.11 per share from special items, which are detailed in schedules to our earnings release. First quarter 2009 non-GAAP net income was $13.7 million or $0.03 per share on a fully diluted basis. We exited the first quarter of 2009 with cash and equivalents of $402.4 million. This was down approximately $56 million versus the fourth quarter of 2008. During the first quarter of 2009, we reduced our debt by approximately $79 million which represented just under $100 million in face value. We also exited the quarter with the lowest net debt position in the company’s history as a public company of approximately $529 million. At the end of the first quarter, total days sales outstanding increased towards historical norms at approximately 46 days. ON Semiconductor total inventory was down approximately $36.3 million to $299.2 million or approximately 102 days. Included in our total inventory is approximately $10 million of inventory written-up to fair value related to our acquisitions and approximately $10 million of bridge inventory built during the quarter in preparation for our announced closures of four front-end manufacturing lines. Distribution inventories came down by approximately $28 million in the first quarter at just under 13 weeks. Cash capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2009 were approximately $23 million. The majority of the first quarter capital expenditures were related to capital equipment received in 2008 and paid for in the first quarter of 2009. We still anticipate 2009 total capital expenditures of approximately $60 million. During the first quarter, R&D and SG&A expenses were lower than expected due to aggressive cost control measures as well as the benefits from the settlement of intellectual property infringement cases of approximately $15 million. Now, I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Keith Jackson: Thanks Don. Now for an overview of our end-markets. During the first quarter of 2009, our end-market splits were as follows: The computing end-market represented approximately 24% of first quarter 2009 sales. Industrial, military and aerospace represented approximately 20% of sales. The communications end-market which includes wireless and networking represented approximately 20% of sales. The automotive end-market represented approximately 17% of first quarter sales. The consumer electronics end-market represented approximately 14% of sales and medical represented approximately 5% of sales. During the first quarter on a direct billings basis, no ON Semiconductor product OEM customer represented more than 5% of sales. Our top five product OEM customers were: Continental Automotive Systems, Delta, LG Electronics, Motorola and Samsung. On a geographic basis, our contribution from sales in Asia, represented approximately 56% of revenue. Our sales in the Americas represented approximately 23% of revenue and Europe represented approximately 21% of revenue during the quarter. Looking across the channels, direct sales to OEMs represented approximately 54% of first quarter 2009 revenue. Sales through the distribution channel were approximately 34% of first quarter revenue and the EMS channel represented approximately 12% of revenue. During the first quarter, ON Semiconductor revenues broken out by our new segments were as follows. Standard Products Group represented approximately 31% of sales. The Digital & Mixed-signal Product Group represented approximately 24% of first quarter sales. The Computing and Consumer Group represented approximately 23% of sales and the Automotive and Power Group represented approximately 22% of sales. We will publish the quarterly revenue, gross margin and operating margin break-out of these segments in our Form 10-Q filing for this period. Now, I would like to provide you with some details of other progress we have made. In the first quarter of 2009, we reduced our internal inventories substantially and believe there was a further leaning of inventory levels throughout the supply chain. As an industry, we believe we shipped fewer products than the end-market consumed. Since January, we have also seen a stabilization in our overall business as well as continued progression in order activity for the second quarter of 2009. Our book to bill remains comfortably above one. While there is still great uncertainty in the macro economy which can potentially dampen the recovery for semiconductors, we are cautiously optimistic that we have passed the bottom of the current semiconductor cycle. In the computing end-market, we are positioned as the leader for desktop power management and our notebook presence continues to grow. We believe we can grow our market share in next generation notebook power management from the teens to over 20% exiting this year. Our overall product portfolio which includes controllers, MOSFETs, audio amplifiers, protection devices, thermal management and standard products continue to position ON Semiconductor as a leading supplier of power management products to the computing end-market. We have also recently introduced a SenseFET which combines our capabilities in thermal and power management. This product is winning designs with a key leading notebook manufacturer. In the netbook market, we have secured design wins with two of the top three netbook suppliers for our power management products. We are also developing products and solutions specifically designed to meet the needs of the netbook market which should expand our netbook SAM to above $3.00 per unit. Looking into the second quarter, we have seen positive booking trends for the computing end-market as our customers prepare for a seasonal second half uptick in sales of computing products. In the wireless end-market, after a decline of over 20% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2008, we are beginning to see stabilization in order patterns from our customers. Along with new design wins for analog switches, audio amplifiers and protection devices, we continue to see new design activity for our BelaSigna DSP products with Korean and indigenous Chinese handset manufacturers. The BelaSigna product family comes from our acquisition of AMI Semiconductor. In addition, we are winning new designs for the handset market based on the image sensor products acquired from AMI Semiconductor focusing on ambient light and proximity sensor applications for the wireless end-markets. These designs are scheduled for 2010 production ramps. Similar to the computing end-market, we continue to see positive booking trends in the wireless end-market as customers resume order activity and prepare for second half seasonality. In the first quarter of 2009, we further invested in our technology capabilities by announcing a license and IP agreement whereby ON Semiconductor is now able to internally produce and offer mid-range digital products. This agreement enables a further extension of our digital capabilities to support next generation military/aerospace, communications, industrial and computing end-market needs of our customers. We are also seeing expansion opportunities from the recent acquisition of Catalyst Semiconductor. With our strong customer presence with leading distributors, EMS and OEM customers and cost effective manufacturing capabilities, we believe we can significantly grow the revenues associated with this business over the next 18 months. In the first quarter, we continued to win awards from our customers. We were named Best Global Partner by Chicony Power, formerly Hipro Electronics, as the leading notebook and desktop computing power supply manufacturer for our products and solutions supporting energy efficient ATX power supplies and notebook power adapters. In addition, ZTE Corporation, a leading global provider of telecommunications equipment and network solutions awarded us their Best Global Partner award for the fourth consecutive year for our energy and cost efficient products and solutions and our outstanding customer support. Now, I would like to turn it back over to Donald for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance. Donald?
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Second quarter 2009 outlook. Based upon current product booking trends, backlog levels, manufacturing services revenues and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total revenues will be approximately $395 million to $410 million in the second quarter of 2009. Backlog levels at the beginning of the second quarter of 2009 were up from backlog levels at the beginning of the first quarter of 2009 and represent approximately 80% of our anticipated second quarter 2009 revenues. We expect that average selling prices for the second quarter of 2009 will be down approximately 1% to 2% sequentially. We expect cash capital expenditures of approximately $20 million in the second quarter of 2009. For the second quarter, we expect GAAP gross margin of approximately 31.5% to 32.5%. Our GAAP gross margin in the second quarter will be negatively impacted from, among others, expensing of appraised inventory fair value step up associated with our acquisitions. We expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 33.5% to 34.5%. Non-GAAP gross margin excludes special items which we expect to be approximately $7 million to $8 million. For the second quarter we also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $130 million to $135 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, stock based compensation expense, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which total approximately $25 million. We also expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $105 million to $110 million. We anticipate interest and other expenses will be approximately $11 million for the second quarter of 2009. We also anticipate non-cash interest expense of approximately $9 million from the adoption of FASB Staff Position number APB 14-1 relating to our convertible senior subordinated notes. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $4 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $3 million. We also expect stock based compensation expense of approximately $15 million to $16 million in the second quarter of 2009. This is up from first quarter 2009 levels based on our annual 2009 awards. We currently expect stock based compensation expense to decline from second quarter levels in the back-half of 2009. Our current share count is approximately 425 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from the line of Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird:  Your revenue guidance for Q2 implies about 30% decline year-over-year. Based on customer feedback, is it fair to assume that current levels of [your old] demand reflects less than this decline including any lasting effect of inventory reduction and also what would you be your sell-in sequential growth estimate in Q2?
Keith Jackson: Tristan, we believe we will continue to have a slight drain of inventory in the supply chain, in the channel in Q2. So, the answer to your question, I do believe semiconductors will get a little bit leaner in Q2 than they were in Q1, indicating a further demand constriction over the end consumption. So, that is the generic answer and then relative to a sequential on a sell-in basis, our sell-in will go up, but less than the end demand because again we will be burning some off. So, that number would probably closer to 10 plus percent than what you see in the sequential sell through.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Okay and also your ASP guidance for Q2 is also declined than normal trends and also in Q1 which is counterintuitive given the excess inventories in the whole food chain earlier in the year and the low utilization rate. What is making the cycle decent and would you expect this trend to continue?
Keith Jackson: I will speak quickly and then let Donald add in. First of all, our first quarter normally sees our largest declines, because we do our annual contract pricing in the first quarter of a year. So, actually, that is traditionally our biggest decline in any given set of quarters for a year. So, just to set that part of it straight, we typically do see the biggest declines because of the annual contracts we renew every year in the first quarter. We also saw some pressures in the first quarter. We did a high amount of turns in Asia, and certainly on some of the commodity products, the market squeezes a little more than we expected. So, just under 3% for Q1, I think is definable between the annual contracts and a little extra pressure in a very, very slow season. As we get into Q2, we don’t have the annual contract impact. The numbers we see there are less than 2%, as you can see from our guidance and we are very comfortable right now in the turns market that we are seeing, that pressure actually is not as strong as it was in the first quarter. So, all of that adds up to what we think will less significant in Q2.
Operator: Our next question is from the line Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: I was hoping if you could give us a little update on what the timing of the closure of the facilities look like, not the specific time which you provide in your press release, but what the expense drop off would look like. Is that going to still have some big step downs as those facilities come offline or is it going to be more gradual impact on gross margin and COGS on the factory closing? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: Well, I think we have always said that the step function is not everything as the last minute and that we have announced closure of four facilities which are ongoing and this is why we built some bridge inventory. So, our inventories would have gone down by an additional $10 million if we didn’t have the special customer bridge built in the first quarter. So, these are positives on building some bridge inventory, but we have been winding down the activities in several of our factories try up to closure. So, we have seen some savings. Now, what is we have to say is that we should see other additional savings in a meaningful manner in the fourth quarter of this year on a sequential basis. So, what are these numbers? They are probably in the $5 million to $10 million savings per quarter in COGS compared to the current run rate. So, that is a kind of benefit we are simulating. In addition to that, we also run our factory very, very low in the first quarter, just over 40% for the front-end. We are now stepping up our manufacturing activity, so that will help gross margin particularly going forward in the year. So, I think you can see that Keith mentioned, first quarter was a bottom. Every indicator and there is some certain thing suggest that and we have a lot of goodness to go forward as we close down the factories completely, and as we ramp up production in the remaining factories.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. Great. Just on order patterns, can you talk about how that went through month-by-month throughout the quarter into April? And then just curious obviously you guys had some pretty nice guidance that came in pretty solid Q1. I realize your sell through but was there some sort of pickup in OEM orders that allowed you to ship out the revenues anticipated, how that that worked up? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: So order patterns Steve did pick up nicely after the Chinese New Year. Just basically continue to grow. April was a very strong month, setting us up not just for Q2 but actually starting to see some visibility into the third quarter. So simple answer is, it is been a building year with January being the weakest, and months strengthening from there. Relative to OEM versus distribution, interest, enough of those numbers actually track fairly closely. We haven't seen a divergent pattern there. So our sell through on this Steve looks very similar to the trends on our OEM sell through. So, there is really no pattern to look for other than it looks like the entire supply chain got a little bit to lean and that is when we served [over] anymore.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Barton with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead with your question.
John Barton - Cowen & Company:  Thank you. Keith, could you go back to the pricing for second. You explained the reason for the pricing in March, annual contracts et cetera. If it is the [non-pricing] environment you are looking at for the June quarter. As you look into the back half for this year, we assume that we have seen the bottom for the semiconductor industry. Is there any reason to think that pricing would be out of the norm for the back half or how do you expect your competitors to act in the back half?
Keith Jackson: Well, again, I don’t see anything out there that would make it an abnormal pattern. We have seen capacity come offline. We do believe as I have said in earlier conferences that this year will be down from 2008, but I think folks have taken some pretty appropriate actions across the industry to get their cost structures aligned with that. So, I guess, I really don’t see anything that is going to prompt an abnormal reaction.
John Barton - Cowen & Company: In the press release you highlighted the fact that the June quarter backlog is stronger than the March quarter backlog because customers are feeling more comfortable with the current demand environment et cetera. Are we at a point where they are actually starting to book into the September quarter or are we getting any increase visibility out further in time?
Keith Jackson:  Yes. We are and as I mentioned earlier we are actually seeing some orders being placed outside of our lead times, which means our lead times are still fairly short but they are placing orders in July and August anyway. So we are definitely seeing that, and at least as of today the order pattern would be strengthening for Q3 over Q2.
John Barton - Cowen & Company: Last question if I could Donald. There are some temporary cost savings within your OpEx in particular first times off et cetera. How should we think about those cost potentially coming back in to the model?
Donald Colvin: Excellent question and totally related to the uncertainty over the future. We only gave guidance of one quarter at a time for valid reasons and those of you who have been along for the ride in the last few quarters will understand that our record at the end of last year was great and so we are really humbled by that and you are right we have temporary savings, particularly in salary front and you estimate them to be in the region of 10 million a quarter or so. I think what could be fair to say is that we are trending a positive way to get some of that back in the second half, but we are not sure of that because we have to get a little better visibility on the third and fourth quarter backlog and that is a question, neither of us are going to take a bet on now. So I think what you could assume as a modest increase sequentially depending on how strong your top line revenue growth is. If you see revenue growing seasonally, which I would say, will be 5% plus in your model, then you can assume $2 million to $3 million per quarter increase in the third and the fourth quarter sequentially, something like that is probably the best modeling, but I will repeat we do not know what the September quarter is going to be and I remember not so long ago sitting in the same room thinking that Q4 revenues of last year would be flat over Q3 and that did not happen so we have been humbled by the decline in our business. Someone mentioned Tristan, actually 30% year-over-year so we are going to be careful in announcing dramatic up come in the second half.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Don, you talked about utilizations of 40% in the March quarter and ticking up. Any guidance for the June quarter and I guess the implications for your own inventories. Do you feel, June may decline again, are you at the right level or do you need to build some here?
Keith Jackson: It is Keith. We will be declining internal and most likely distributions inventories again in the second quarter. Although, we have been bringing it down dramatically, they are still higher than we like on a days basis. So, we will be bringing them down. I would expect our utilization to be closer to 50% than 40% which is in the first quarter is around 40%.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Then Keith just relative to end-markets going into the June quarter, are you seeing sequential across all end-markets or can you help me characterize, which are growing, which aren’t growing and then specifically, as you start seeing some visibility build into the September quarter, is there any end-market specifics that is driving that or is that just a general statement?
Keith Jackson: So, the generality part of that is that consumer related markets, so computing, communication, the handset market, the game boxes et cetera, those are doing proprietary orders for a somewhat seasonal year. So, we are seeing those orders come in first. The large capital equipment markets; the industrial, the automotive piece of the equation continues to play that very close to the chest and those orders are not accelerating above and beyond the consumption rate.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: So Keith, would you expect the industrial orders to be down again sequentially in the June quarter?
Keith Jackson: I don’t know yet. Typically, they are down in the third quarter not the second quarter. At this stage, I would not be looking for a significant decline in the second quarter, but I don't know that whether it will be up or down yet.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Then my last questions guys. Donald just given some of the [rhetoric] coming out of Washington about foreign tax jurisdictions and what not. Given your effective tax rate relative to your peers is significantly lower, I know some of that is NOL based, but some of it is your tax structure. How do we think longer-term relative to what could happen at Washington realizing that it is probably premature to figure out what exactly over pulls that of Washington might be?
Donald Colvin: A lot of people are asking questions John and I think you are right. They (inaudible) no matter what in IT I don't believe it will be applicable till 2011. So, it is not exactly for tomorrow or next week, but if you take the worse case scenario, where enact everything that was said, then clearly that is going to be more taxes for all companies including ourselves the difference being between cash taxes and P&L taxes. So, if you take the worse case, every company in America will probably go to something like 40% tax rate, but as far as the P&L is concerned, as far as cash is concerned, after they enact it, we will have well over $1 billion of NOL which should protect us for something like four or five years after the 2011. So, that is a very simplistic analysis and something to full disclosures of and we don't know but that is the worst case. Our interpretation is that there will be some hybrid version of the worse case. So, it is certainly not something that is I am losing any sleepover, but I certainly hope that Congress wishes to reason and doesn’t penalize all North American resident companies with what would be probably the highest corporate tax rates in the world. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Venk Nathamuni - JPMorgan: This is Venk Nathamuni calling for Chris Danely. Just a clarification on your comment about inventory levels. You did mention that inventory levels should go down at both distribution and internally for the quarter, but do you get a sense for which of the end-markets have worse inventory problems than the others. For example, the computing inventory level much better than it was for wireless and if you could add some color on that.
Keith Jackson: I would expect to see some decline in the automotive and industrial portions of the business from a channel and in internal inventory levels. I don’t think you will see much of a decline in computing, and I would be surprised at a decline in the wireless handset business. So, it is really the markets that have not yet ticked up which will be driving that decline.
Venk Nathamuni - JPMorgan: Comment on gross margin; you said utilization rate should go up from about 40% this quarter to 50%. Why wouldn’t gross margins go up dramatically more than what you are forecasting for the upcoming quarter?
Donald Colvin: Well, I think the gross margin; if you look at stripping out all the step up inventories and all the rest, we came in about 31%, just over 31% in the first quarter and we are going to 34% in the second quarter. So, I think that is quite a nice uptick. So, I don’t think there is any parting there. So, that is a nice improvement, 300 basis points improvement in gross margin is I think totally supported by the increase in revenue and activity.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital Market. Please go ahead with your question.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets:  Thanks for taking my question, guys and nice job on the numbers. Can you help me understand with all these fab closures going on, I think you said once, 5 million to 10 million of COG savings in Q4, another 5 million to 10 million step up in which quarter?
Donald Colvin: The second quarter of 2010.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets:  Okay so.
Donald Colvin: And that is, this is [desaving] would be incremental to the run rate we have today. So you can add them together. 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: And so with that type of plan, where do you see revenues needing to be to get to right here 40% gross margin?
Donald Colvin: Well, a lot of people I wish asking these question and I gave my speech on how uncertain the future is and how our recent path breaker is looking great. What I can see is that we had published just a year ago over and we had analyst day here in May of last year, our corporate model which were 600 million at 45% gross margin. We have not republished our model but what we can say is that our internal stimulation suggests that the 45% gross margin will be significantly less than the 600 million that was a previous number. I mean, I am not going to give a big heavy disclosure on that note. We are planning another Analyst Day in November and we want to keep some surprises and some good news for that, but that the cost reductions that we have accelerated will bring it down materially from the 600 million we previously announced and so then but the 45% gross margin, we just have to extrapolate between the midpoint of a range for the second quarter for your progression and revenue is going to be. The faster revenue growth, the faster our gross margin will get to 40%. As we mentioned, our second quarter, our June guidance is 30% approximate year-over-year decline. If we get to a situation where we got 20% year-over-year decline in the September quarter that will do great wonders for our gross margin. So again, we have no idea how that September quarter is going to turn out. It is all to do with the progression in revenue and where you guys do your stimulation. As I said, we have been chastened by the recent past.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Can you comment on a few things. One what are you seeing with the lead times, are you seeing any lead time expansion and that could cause customers to replenish? And also can you comment on why the stock comp expense is going up so much, is that 15 million to 16 million this quarter?
Keith Jackson: On the lead times Craig, we are running approximately six on our highest volume lines. In some of the areas that starting to extent a bit, I can certainly see those reaching eight weeks during this quarter for a lot of those lines. It is nothing like what we ran even a year ago which we were kind of the eight to 10 weeks. So, that is kind of the range on the ASP side.
Donald Colvin: And on the stock comp, one of the elements is we issued or we are planning to issue, we haven’t issued any performance based RSUs, restricted stock. The way the accounting treatment goes for these is similar to double declining depreciation. There is a lot of upfront expenses. So that peaks out in the second quarter of this year and will materially decline as we reach next year. So, that is the element that explains the increase in the non-cash based stock compensation.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Last one, can you update us on catalyst, how is the integration? What is the revenue growth opportunity so far?
Keith Jackson: Catalyst integration moves along for us. We won't have them fully in our systems for a few more months. So the IT work continues but the sales force is completely after speed, they are out selling. The manufacturing teams are well along their way in qualifying our internal factories for that. So, all of that is progressing pretty well. We do expect to see significant expansion in the second half of this year in the revenues based on all of the customer qualifications that have been going on for the last four, five months. So, really looking for a nice celebration in the September and December quarters.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Romit Shah with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital:  Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. To the best you can could you guys just help us understand the difference between you and Fairchild? Keith, you mentioned that you expect selling rates to be less than sell-through in Q2. If I look at the guidance between the two companies, Fairchild guided revenues up I think 15% to 20% sequentially. They have recognized on sell-in, and I am just struggling to reconcile that versus your outlook of mid single-digit growth. Does that have to do with end-market exposure or just a market share shift that we should be thinking about? Thanks a lot.
Keith Jackson: I don’t think there is any market share implied in any of those numbers. I think we have different distribution models, and what appropriate stocking is et cetera. So, I think most of the difference between the two numbers is all about how much inventory you stick into distribution. I don’t think there is any end-market implications.
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital:  Then Don, can you give us how stock comps splits this quarter between cost of goods sold and OpEx?
Donald Colvin:  Yes. It is usually about one-third, two-third. One-third COGS, and two-thirds OpEx.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Parag Agarwal with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Parag Agarwal - UBS: Question on the computing market; could you guys comment on how the competition is shaping out especially in the notebook market and are you guys getting share in that market?
Keith Jackson: We do believe we are gaining share and in my commentary, I actually kind of gave you some forward guidance there with appropriate disclaimers, but we think we are going to kind of go from the low to mid teens of market share in power management to the over 20% during the year. So, we think exiting the year, we will pick up quite a bit of share and it is all based on design wins we have got in the new platforms and in the netbooks. So, we were actually seeing some pretty good momentum there.
Parag Agarwal - UBS: Okay and my next question, what is your target inventory level?
Keith Jackson: So, we like to keep something south of 90 days internally and around 13 weeks in distribution in normal times, whatever normal times are, and then there is transition periods that seem to constantly be going on that impact that but that is kind of the targets.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: The first one relates to some of the commentary on order patterns. It sounds like orders build strength month-to-month throughout the first quarter and I think you alluded to a very strong April month as well. I guess my question is, if 1Q were sort of back-end loaded with orders, would you expect 2Q to be a little bit front-end loaded in terms of the order strength or a little bit more linear?
Keith Jackson: So, again, I will go to typical seasonal patterns. We would actually have it back-end loaded not front-end loaded, because most of the consumer bills take place in September-October of the year and typically you have kind of eight-week lead time. So, normally, seasonally what we would see is the strongest month would actually be June, in the April-May-June timeframe.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: So, you anticipate orders could actually strengthen from here into August-September...?
Keith Jackson: Yes, I actually don’t know that. As Donald said, we are being very cautious on predicting the future. All I can tell you is that so far, it started off quite well and we will have to wait till June gets here to know the answer to that question.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Okay, and...
Keith Jackson: Seasonally, that happens normally.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Thank you. That is clear. My follow-up would be, let’s see, I guess you have cited some interesting share gain in PC. What would be an area outside of PC that you think you guys are also getting share another area that we could look at? Thanks.
Keith Jackson: We continue to have, we believe, more dollar content in the various mobile devices arena, and whether those are PC lights or cell phone heavies, I am not sure what you want to call those, but that continues to be a very big growing market for us with the more fuller featured mobile devices and that is quite strong. Even though the market is still in decline in automotive, I would expect significant share improvement.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ramesh Misra with Brigantine Advisors. Please go head with your question.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: In terms of the order patterns, again, from what you are seeing right now, would you anticipate the second half versus first half, normal seasonality trends to persist or do you see that being meaningfully different, partly because of the environment and also partly because of the acquisitions?
Keith Jackson: So, I believe that, I guess you are asking for a best guess right now. We don’t see anything that would make a dramatic shift to normal seasonal patterns. The inventory overcorrected as it always does when there is a market move in the first half, which would give you some comfort in the second half being stronger, but that is the normal seasonality as the second half stronger by roughly 5% sequentially as you go into Q3 and Q4. So, we are not seeing anything that suggests anything dramatically different than normal seasonality.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: Okay. In regards to your turns business, it seems like Q1 came in a little stronger than expected. I mean, are you beginning to see some customers with concern of extremely low inventories and kind of scrambling a little bit?
Keith Jackson: Yes. We spent a lot of dialogue now with customers who are very concerned. They know they are not placing orders and they are concerned that they are going to have to, but they don't want to place orders, and so there is a lot of dialog on how confident should I be that you guys will have material for me if I needed and that's a very different dialog than you had in the December quarter. So, it's definitely moving around, people are starting to pay attention to their supply chain. I believe that also will be reflected in the ASPs as we talked about earlier with a little lessening on the pressure, but in general, the answer is, there is lot more attention being paid now in concern to the September quarter than we have seen in the past.
Ramesh Misra - Brigantine Advisors: Then a final question for Don. Can you just go through the moving parts in your long-term debt, Donald? Obviously, it came down very much; quite substantially you bought some repurchased some of it back. Can you just itemize the different...?
Donald Colvin: The long-term debt has mainly got converts in there. We have taken the face value down of our zero coupon by $130 million, so we got just over $600 million of converts, but we have got a $175 million of bank facility. So, the total of converts and bank facility is above $800 million and then there was a lot of miscellaneous stuff, so they are small ones, leases, equipment leases and things like that. Our strategy has been opportunistic, both in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter. We paid down near-term zero coupon convert. The reason for that being it is an out of the money convert that we expect to be put to us in April of next year and that's why we have paid down over the two quarters approximately 50% of that convert or approximately a $130 million of face value. We will continue to be opportunistic in the future. There are certain legal constraints on how we go about buying bad debt or paying down debt. I think our track record is showing that we can be imaginative and take advantage of this functions and places in the market. We will continue to explore these opportunities. What I can say is, our overall strategy still remains strengthen the balance sheet by driving the business to generate cash and use that cash to pay down the debt. That is what we have been doing since last summer and we will continue to pursue that strategy.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Vinh with Collins Stewart. Please go ahead with your question.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart: Hey Donald, just a real quick question on OpEx; can you clarify the increase in OpEx in Q2? Is that primarily because of the IT settlement gain of $50 million in Q1, is that why we are seeing the increase in OpEx there?
Donald Colvin: This was an unpredictable gain. We are still pursuing other avenues there. We may have other gains in the future but it is fairly unpredictable. Therefore, we are not forecasting in the second quarter.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart: So, by exit out, it looks like OpEx is kind of flat to up, and can you also clarify how should we be thinking about OpEx for the rest of the year? Are there other costs?
Donald Colvin: I think, I mean, we give only one quarter guidance and other one will get into giving guidance for the third and fourth quarter. I just remind you that I was asked the question on some of the temporary cost reduction measures, and I was saying as long as the revenue grow sequentially in the second half 5%, then you could add an another couple of million of expenses per quarter. So, a lot of that would be an OpEx. So, I was just repeating what I said in guiding you through to maze, but as I said we only give guidance one quarter at a time for good reason.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart: One more follow-up question on pricing. Some of your peers have talked about pricing pressures in the computing segment that they expect to continue in Q2. Are there still areas where you still see some pricing issues in Q2 or has pricing largely stabilized at this point?
Keith Jackson: So, each market and product category has little different sets of pressures in them. So, what we give you, of course, is a corporate aggregate number. That doesn't mean that there isn't any pressure anywhere. So, the answer to your question is very well could be certain areas we still see some pressure. Computing is quite large for us however and I am actually not seeing anything that would indicate to me that that is a segment which we will see increased pressure over Q1 and really not seeing in computing, let's say, I think it's improving over Q1. So, I am not seeing the same trend that you are reporting.
John Vinh - Collins Stewart: Okay and then just one more follow-up question on the Catalyst integration. Can you talk about maybe what you think the incremental revenue contribution in the second half is as you start to see the acceleration there and is there a gross margin incremental benefit from the integration into your [operations] out there? Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Definitely they impact. I actually don't have the gross margin calculated, so I actually can't give you those numbers, because I haven't calculated that way, but definitely getting things integration and into our Philippine factories will have a positive on the corporation's gross margin overall and we believe that business is going to grow in the second half. So, it should be a good story, but just keep it in perspective, it is something like 5% of sales. So, it is not going to double our gross margins.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Lipacis with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: Keith, question for you; I may have heard you wrong, so please correct me if I did, but in the earlier part of the script, I think you said that you expect to drain in the channel inventories, but I think later on you said something like, the supply chain became too lean and then started ordering again. So, I was just trying to reconcile that, if you could help, I appreciate.
Keith Jackson: I guess, if you look at the entire supply chain, there is (inaudible) suppliers than we have our intermediaries which are the distributors and then we have the end users. What I believe is still too lean is the end users. So, I think they had to start placing more orders and of course that kind of ripples back through. Having said all of that, there are still pieces of the market that are not growing like the consumer driven pieces, and I think in those areas we will continue to lean out the channel. So, the net for us as a company is going to be a slight drain in both internal inventories and distribution inventories in Q2.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: In the automotive, can you give a little more detail on what your exposures are for Europe and North America and Asia?
Keith Jackson: Our exposure is now over half of our business is in Europe and some thing less than 10% is in Asia and the balance is in North America. So, from a just a pure mathematical perspective, that is where it goes. The percentages, I would expect to continue to increase in Europe and Asia and decrease in North America based on what we are seeing with those end-market places. So, I gave you kind of a snapshot, but the point is I think it will continue to be more and more non-North American overtime.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay great. There is another market segment in notebooks of the consumer ultra low voltage notebook. Do you have an idea? Do you see that market is anything different than the standard notebook or is it sort of...?
Keith Jackson: So, you've got net books on one end and you've got full featured notebooks on the other end and you've got this low voltage thing kind of in the middle, I'm afraid time will have to tell how that really shakes out for us. We are well positioned for all three of those at this point.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Do you think your dollar content is any different in the CULP?
Keith Jackson: Well the dollar content on the low voltage notebooks is higher than the net books and lower than the full featured notebooks.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: So, it does just fit right in the middle?
Keith Jackson: It fits right in the middle.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Patrick Wang with Wedbush Morgan. Please go ahead with your question sir.
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan: Just a couple of questions, based on what you know today, is it fair to assume that your inventory drain ends next quarter?
Keith Jackson: I would believe that would be our plan. We would be looking at being more neutral in the second half.
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan: And then just on the ASPs here, if you could talk about some of the ASP erosions you're seeing between, I guess your variety of analog parts versus your discretes?
Keith Jackson: It is most severe. The ASP declines are most severe on the discretes and pardon me, least severe on our complex analog, and it's not quite a continuous gradation in between, but to our first approximation that's what it looks like.
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan: On the analog side is it, I mean can you ballpark that, is that kind of 3% to 5% erosion on an average or is it little better or worse than that?
Keith Jackson: We had less than 3% for the entire quarter company average. So, the analog piece of that would be much less than 3%, probably closer to 1%-1.5%.
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan: And then last question for Donald. If you could give us an update regarding your thinking behind how to use the cash and maybe perhaps your plans are paying down debt for the rest of this year?
Donald Colvin:  Well, I think I've answered that question, but again I said our strategy is to run the business under all circumstances. We generate cash and we have proved that in the first quarter and use the cash generation to pay down debt. We have paid down just under a 100 million of face value of debt in the first quarter. We paid there are 66, I believe in the fourth quarter of last year. So, that is the strategy we want since last summer, and we will continue to drive the business to generate cash to pay down debt. So, that’s what we’ll do and we’ll be opportunistic on or retain that to take advantage of any pricing disfunction in the market and any bargains that can become available.
Patrick Wang - Wedbush Morgan: Okay but no, I guess no guidance in terms of how much you’re going to pay down the rest of this year?
Donald Colvin: No, we will for a variety of reasons I think it's we have some maturities, which I believe are in the order of $60 million to $70 million, which are obliged to be down. Next year it's in the order of 160. Thanks Ken 160, so, I mean coupled these two together we get about 250 over this year and next year. So, we are obliged to pay that off and at the timing of that we will keep our options open and any additional payoffs or pay downs, we will keep our options opened as well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for questions and answers. This does bring us to the end of today’s conference call. We would like to thank you for joining us and for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Steven Leibiger – Investor Relations Mark Thompson – President and CEO Mark Frey – Executive Vice President and CFO Daniel Janson – Vice President of Finance
Analysts:  Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank Romit Shah – Barclays Capital Shawn Webster – JP Morgan John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Steve Smigie –Raymond James Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird Parag Agarwal - UBS  
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentleman and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor four quarter and year end earnings conference call. Please note that today’s conference call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the over to Mr. Steve Leibiger, please go ahead sir.
Steven Leibiger:  Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for dialing in to Fairchild Semiconductors fourth quarter and full year 2008 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild’ President and CEO, Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO, and Daniel Janson, VP of Finance.  Let me begin by mentioning that we will be attending the Thomas Weisel Tech’s conference in San Francisco on February 10th.  Mark Frey will start today’s call with a review of the fourth quarter financial results and discuss or outlooks for the first quarter of 2009. Mark Thompson will then discuss the company’s operational performance in more detail and update you on how the company is managing through the current market environment.  Finally, we will reserve time for questions and answers. The call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes, and is being simultaneously web cast from the Investor Relations page of our website, fairchildsemi.com. The replay of this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days.  Fairchild management will be making forward looking statements in this conference call. These statements include all those about future results in performance and are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainly. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports to be filed with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses and should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.semifairchild.com. The website also contains the 2008 Q4 fact sheet, an updated financial section with our latest unaudited financial high lights including detailed breakups of segment and regional revenues gross margin, EBIT, and EBITDA.  Now I will turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark Frey:  Thank you Steve, good morning and thank you for joining us.  The progression of our business throughout Q4 2008 was unprecedented. We entered the quarter with a little over 340 million of backlog scheduled to ship. Our final sales were 320.9 million, which was 25.1% sequential, and 25.7 year to year decrease. Gross margin for the quarter fell 340 basis points sequentially, to 26.5% due mainly to lower factory utilization, which was partially offset with significant decreased in spending, reversal of bonus and certain equity accruals, and favorable currency and commodity prices. For the fourth quarter, the company posted a net loss of 218.1 million, or $1.76 per share, compared to a net gain of 26.7 million or $0.21 per diluted share in the prior quarter, and new income of 34.0 million or $0.27 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2007.  The loss is mainly due to four special charges taken in the quarter. The first is a non-cash goodwill impairment of 203.3 million, necessary on a US GAAP, mainly due to the drop in the company’s market capitalization.  Second, we recorded a 19 million non-cash impairment of auction rate securities. We believe these investment grade securities will continue to pay interest normally and will yield expected value on maturity. 17 million of this impairment had previously been recorded on the balance sheet in other comprehensive income, but due to the continued instability of financial markets, we concluded that we should record this impairment on the income statement as well. Third, is a 15.9 million restructuring and asset impairment charge. This charge is primarily associated with the previously announced headcount reduction and company streamlining, and includes 4.5 million of non-cash asset impairments.  Finally, we reduced our reserves for potential litigation outcomes by 3.3 million due to the recent favorable court ruling that reduced the damages awarded in currently active power integrations litigation.  Excluding these and some other small charges, the company reported fourth quarter adjusted net income of 7.7 million, or $0.06 per diluted share compared to adjusted net income of 34 million, or $0.27 per diluted share in the prior quarter, and adjusted that income of 41.8 million, or $0.33 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2007.  Net interest and other expenses were 6.2 million in the fourth quarter, a 15% sequential increase driven by an increase in liable rates at the end of the third quarter.  These liable rates have recently dropped below prior levels, which will have a beneficial impact on Q1 2009 interest rate expense.  Fourth quarter GAAP taxes were a net favorable 11.4 million, and reflected a 14.9 million benefit related to the impairment of goodwill.  For the quarter ended December 2008, the adjusted effective tax rate was 29.4%, and included a special charge for the write down of deferred tax assets due to corporate tax rate reductions announced in Korea. Without this charge, the adjusted effective tax rate would have been about 17%. As I said earlier, we started the fourth quarter with much higher revenue expectations. As the market climate continues to deteriorate we reduced our bill plans and shipments into distribution channel to control inventories. To manage our costs in this environment we had two weeks of factory shut downs, to transport volumes from our subcontractors to our internal factories, required mandatory employee vacations, and implemented additional discretionary cost reductions/ In November, we took additional actions accelerating our restructuring program to reduce headcount by more than 1,100 employees. These actions combined with the reversal of our bonus and performance paid equity accruals maintained gross margin of 26.5%.  R&D and SG&A sending was reduced 16 million sequentially to $68 million.  The 2008 bonus cancellation and reduction in equity compensation accounted for approximately 8.5 million in one time OPEX savings.  Our cash flow from operations was 14.7 million in the fourth quarter, and capital spending was 35.6 million. As we completed previously announced projects, including package in-sourcing, and the 6 to 8 inch wafer fab conversion at our main facility. Now that this work is done, we expect to dramatically reduce capital expenditures for 2009 to a full year target of approximately $60 million. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, with 386.9 million cash and securities on hand.  Now, I would like to review fourth quarter and year end highlights of sales and gross margin performance for our product group.  For MCCC, revenue for the fourth quarter was 125.7 million, down 27.3% sequentially, and 28.6% compared to the prior year. Gross margin was 35.9%, up 70 basis points from the prior quarter. MCCC gross margins benefited from favorable product mix, and smaller inventory charges offset partially by decrease in factory utilization.  PCIA had 121.3 million of revenue in the fourth quarter, down 24.5% sequentially, and 23% annually. Gross margin was 24.9% compared to 30.2% in Q3. PCIA margins were negatively impacted primarily by unfavorable product mix and reduced factory utilization. For SPG, revenue for the fourth quarter was 73.9 million, down 22% sequentially, and 24.9% annually. Gross margin was 14.5% compared to 21.2% in Q3. This decrease was primarily the result of inventory charge offs and lower factory loadings.  Turning to the first quarter of 2009, the restructuring actions announced in November are in the process of being implemented and are designed to reduce costs by about 33 million on an annualized basis relative to a Q3 2008 baseline We expect partial savings from these actions in Q1, and then nearly full impact in Q2, and the rest of 2009. In addition to these restructuring actions, we planned further temporary cost reductions from additional time off and benefit adjustments, which we believe will save $5 million per quarter. We anticipate these measures along with strict discretionary spending controls, and a significantly reduced capital budget will improve our cash generation and lower our cash break even point to about 250 to 275 million of sales per quarter once all restructuring is complete. In light of the level of uncertainty in the current market environment, measures we typically use to forecast sales, such as current backlog and historical order rates, no longer enable accurate guidance. Nevertheless, we want to provide current information to investors, therefore we are changing our normal guidance policy until further notice.  Today we are disclosing our current backlog, in our view of first quarter business expectations. However, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce first quarter results.  As of today, we have about 205 million of backlog for Q1. Based on order patterns observed so far in January, we should post additional turns business in the quarter. Assuming we continue to record positive fill, we presently expect first quarter sales to be between $220 and $245 million. Based on our distributors’ forecasts for sell-through, this amount of revenue would result in a significant channel inventory reduction. Assuming this level of business, gross margin would be 14 and 18%.  Operating expenses for the quarter are currently estimated to be in the range of 73 to 76 million. We expect to incur an additional cash restructuring charge of about $7 million in connection with staffing reductions announced last quarter. Capital expenditures are expected to be limited to about 60 million for all of 2009. Interest expense for the first quarter is projected to be between 4 and 5 million, while our tax expense is anticipated to be around zero.  We reiterate that, although this information reflects our best available information as of today, this should not be reviewed as equivalent to guidance we have historically given. Now, I will turn the call over to Mark Thompson. 
Mark Thompson:  Thank you Mark, our industry saw a significant reduction in demand in Q4 driven by broad based weakness in virtually all end markets and regions. The speed and magnitude of the slowdown in orders, coupled with the more modest decline forecasted by our customers end market suggest the industry is working through a temporary but significant inventory reduction. We are using this slowdown as a catalyst to accelerate our existing transformation plans, and have detailed in this call an extensive list of restructuring and cost reduction actions that are under way.  The additional temporary cost reductions Mark discussed will remain in place through the first half, or until demand reaches levels well above Q1.  We are well positioned to manage through this cycle given our improved cash break-even point and strong balance sheet.  Let me now summarize our inventory situation we responded quickly in cutting our factory output in line with the rapid decrease in demand during the fourth quarter. We maintained inventories roughly flat in dollars compared to the prior quarter, throughout our extended supply chain.  We reduced our internal inventory by $2 million sequentially by cutting production starts and implementing a two week factory shut-down over the holidays. In terms of days, the internal inventory grew from 72 days to almost 90 days in response to the large decrease in sales. Inventory to our distributors grew by less than 2 million, even though their sell-through was significantly below projections. This significant reduction in revenue out of the channel caused week’s inventory to increase to approximately 15 weeks.  Overall average product selling price is down between 1 and 2% sequential, which is normal for us. Lead times exiting Q4 are in the four to six week range allowing us to be very responsive to turns business.  Utilization decreased to the low 70s in the quarter, and we expect this rate to fall again in Q1.  I would now like to talk a bit about our product lines. I think it is important for all products success of last year not be overshadowed by the recent events. Our focus remains on creating new and exciting products that meet our customers’ needs and solve important problems. On this front, Fairchild Semiconductor made considerable progress in 2008. We believe we can hold market share on our baseline business, while gaining share in our target applications with innovative new products.  Our mobile computing consumer and communications group continue to concentrate on high value analog products, and on forging partnerships with top tier OEM in the handset and mobile computing market. We were especially successful in mobile power solutions, analog switch, and signal conditioning products. Mobile power solutions revenue almost doubled in 2008, relative to 2007, driven by multiple design wins major handset OEM. Significantly, we have leveraged the success of our world-class switching power regulators with collateral design wins and other product types, including analog switch USB transceivers and USB charters.  This lateral movement from our core competency and power to other high value product areas with our key customers is one of our goals.  Signal conditioning increased revenue more than 50%, and improved gross margin several percent in 2008, versus the prior year driven by video filters and mobile application specific semiconductor products.  In 2008, analog switch increased revenues and gross margin again over the prior year.  MCCC had several important technology developments in 2008. A [wafalit] lever chip scale packaging development project remains on schedule for production in mid-2009 and will result in significant cost savings compared to using subcontractors. Initial low voltage (inaudible) products were released using our new Power Trench VII technology. This advanced process enables us to significantly reduce dye size to reduce costs in this very competitive business segment. Our power conversion, industrial, and automotive groups continue to focus their efforts on products that convert and save energy in the consumer, industrial, and automotive sectors.  The auto team was able to validate their strategy of using focusing on smart modules and protective switches, as revenue grew by nearly 4 million annually in these two areas.  IGPT revenue increased 6%, and gross margin improved year end year by six points.  Our smart power module business continues to gain traction and had a very strong year in 2008, growing by more than 45% annually in revenue. In power conversion we captured significant adaptor business, using our primary side regulators at one of our Tier 1 power supply customers.  Lighting grew more than 25% during the year. We also launched our T series devices, and gained traction in both TVs, as well as LED lighting applications.  Our 85-plus solutions for PC power supply applications was launched at the end of 2008.  On the technology side, we have qualified the in-house high-voltage IC process, thus giving us the ability to lower the costs on our foundry fabricated products and also giving us a platform to develop additional process technology intellectual property.  Our standard products group reported results separately for the last time in Q4 2008. Beginning in Q1, SPG will be merged into our other two product groups and cease to exist independently. This is being done as both a cost cutting measure and as a way to further enhance the value within SPG.  The Logic products, including our growing family of voltage translators for cellular applications will become part of MCCC. The opto-coupler products will be moved topics, creating synergy with the power supply and industrial products that we make.  Finally, we are keeping the standard discreet and standard linear business separate as we manage them for cash.  For the quarter, SPG had revenues of 73.9 million and gross margin of 14.5 %, while for the year revenue was 359.4 million and gross margin was 19.8%. About 35% of sales were Logic, about 18% opto-couplers, and about 47% standard discreet and standard linear combined.  I would like to quickly summarize our ongoing legal actions with power integrations, since there were several important events on that front in the last quarter. as we announced in December, the court overseeing the case reduced the jury damage award against us from 34 million to 6 million. The court also ordered a new trail on the issue of willful infringement. These rulings came only days after the US Patent Office rejected all but one of the unexpired patent claims asserted against us during the trial.  The Patent Office found those claims invalid because of prior art. Although the court granted an injunction against the limited number of Fairchild products, the judge in the case quickly granted a temporary stay of injunction after we brought the Patent Office’s decision to his attention on an emergency basis.  We are now seeking a permanent stay of the injunction pending our eventual appeal of the entire case on several grounds. That appeal cannot occur until after the new trial willfulness, which we expect will take place later this year.  We are gratified by these recent decisions by the courts and the Patent Office, with substantiate positions that we have always taken in this lawsuit. Of the 22 unexpired patent claims that (inaudible) asserted against us during the course of the litigation, 20 now stand rejected by the Patent Office.  I should also point out that as a precaution we voluntarily suspended sales of affected products from the US market in late 2007, and offer a full line of replacement products that would not be affected by the injunction if it were to come back into force.  I will conclude with a few comments about how I see the company right now. While the macroeconomic forces buffeting our industry present many challenges, they also create opportunities.  Fairchild has seized this opportunity to accelerate our streamlining and process simplification programs. The current environment is a catalyst for us to take a fresh look at everything we do, and to focus on the essential actions needed to drive better profitability while delivering greater value to our customers.  We believe the changes we have made and continue to make prepare Fairchild to be an even more successful enterprise once business picks up. Our costs are down significantly, and we are effectively managing our supply chain to hold inventories in check. Our product pipeline is wide, deep, and growing, our operations team is ready to deliver world class cycle time, cost, and quality. We are ready to weather this current cycle, and we will emerge a better company than ever.  I want to thank our customers, employees, and shareholders for their support in 2008, and look forward to expanding on our success in 2009.  Thank you, I will turn the call back to Steve. 
Steve Leibiger:  Thank you Mark, we will now open the call to questions. I ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions we limit each person to one question and one follow up. Thank you, now let’s take the first question.
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentleman. (Operator instructions). We will go first to Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank:  Thank you, on the inventory front I was a little surprised that the channel inventory did not come down, or yours did not come down given how you said that the channel wanted to bring inventory down, first question is how much do you think the channel of inventory can come down in the first quarter, and what do you expect your own inventory to do in the first quarter?
Mark Thompson:  Ross, a couple of things, if you look at the fourth quarter, it was a bit of a guessing game that we had to engage in because the forecasts were weakly reduced by our channel partners and it was trying to hit a bit of a moving target. Clearly we would have preferred to reduce them, but we were actually aiming for a reduction in but the end re-sales came in below the original forecasts, so that was the reason for that small $2 million increase there, which was roughly offset by a $2 million decrease internally. Our goal is to reduce channel, based on current forecasts by some multiples of $10 million, again it is a pretty broad range, it is a hard to take forecast at face value, but I will be multiples of $10 million based on the current bill plan and resale estimates. With that, we would also anticipate a small internal inventory reduction, but not of the same order of magnitude as the channel reduction. 
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank:  You have given it more in the channel on a weeks bases, I think it went from 11 weeks to 15 weeks, from the third to the fourth quarter. What does that multiples of 10 million mean on a weeks basis?
Mark Thompson:  I have not done that calculation. The weeks basis is obviously a denominator effect.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank:  What if the absolute dollars go down by that math, because we do not know the total amount on dollars?
Mark Frey:  It would still get us to around 12-ish, because you still have a denominator effect in Q1, as we think our distributors’ customers are still reducing some level of inventory.
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank:  In the gross margin dropping by about 10 points, how do we think about what is included in that drop, under utilization charges, inventory write-offs, etcetera?
Mark Frey:  It is primarily under utilization charges, plus the bonus reversal that we incurred in Q4 does not recur in Q1, that is about $6 million. 
Ross Seymore – Deutsche Bank:  Thank you.
Operator:  Next we will hear from Romit Shah with Barclays Capital
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital:  Good morning guys, you announced a number of cost saving initiatives, and ou talked about cash break-even of 250 to 270, Mark, when do you think we could get to that break-even, is it the second half of the year, or do you think it is earlier?
Mark Frey:  It is early second half of the year, it is towards the end of the first half because the restructuring actions are underway right now. 
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital:  That is helpful. On the bookings in January, I was curious how does that, there is another company that have talked about a pick-up in bookings in January, I am guessing versus December, which was a pretty weak month. I was wondering how January compared to October-November, are orders up versus those months, or are they down?
Mark Thompson:  Romit, it is a little bit of a complex calculus on that, what we saw was a net backlog reduction across the fourth quarter. If you look at the numbers that Mark offered in his commentary, we shed backlog across Q4, which is a negative order rate. What we have seen is that our turn occurred in the early part of January, so it is really difficult to trend that. We don’t have a lot of data on that slope. We always have the noise of the Chinese New Year, which we are in now, so I think that it is not going to be, this is, I would say, a general industry statement, not just a Fairchild statement. I think it is going to be March before any of us would be comfortable doing a trend line on that incoming order rate and saying, “Okay, this is what it means.” But certainly from a backlog point of view, a very clear bottom was marked for the end of December, early January.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Yeah, Mark, I am just trying to get some perspective on this – if this is just kind of a [Headsake] or the mark of a major inflection point. Is it normal for you to see a pick-up or an improvement in your backlog, coming into January?
Mark Thompson: I think it is fair to say that all the normal things are different this year, so, no it is not. Normally, the typical pattern is for there to be obviously, Q3 to be very strong, incoming orders continuing to be strong through the first two months of the fourth quarter, and then slowness in December and then a coma-like state for January. And so, this is a different pattern and so although the backlog is low, certainly in my history with the company, this is the first time we have seen a turn in that during January. But again, all the patterns, as we have tried to comment are different in this current cycle. And so, until we get some new trends, it is going to be really difficult to construct a model.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: OK, granted, that is helpful, and just lastly, can we get a D&A and stock option expense guidance for the first quarter, please?
Mark Frey : It is about 5 million. 31 – That does not include the intangibles, so it would be 36 with intangibles. 
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Then stock comp? 
Mark Frey : About 5 million.
Romit Shah – Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll move on to Shawn Webster of JP Morgan.
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: Yeah, thank you. Can I get some clarity on a couple of things? One is the bookings and backlog and the other is your OPEX, last quarter when you entered Q4, you were 88% booked, what was that number this time?
Mark Frey: Well, we told you the backlog coming in is 205.
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: That’s as of today. 
Mark Frey: Yes, and the range that we gave you – do that math – and we have booked positive orders in the first few weeks into that number, but I don’t have the specifics on that.
Mark Thompson: We have booked 15 to 20 million.
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: But am I correct in thinking that is not a comparable number to what you have given in the past, your 88?
Mark Thompson: Yes, normally we would give a guidance number and then a fill rate, we can’t offer a guidance number, therefore a percent filled doesn’t have a meaning and that is why we have offered simply the backlog number, but the current number is 15-20 million higher than it was entering the quarter. 
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: What was your head-count in Q4?
Mark Frey: About 9700 people.
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: Was that flat, up, down from Q3?
Mark Frey: Down, but most of the restructuring actions are happening right now. 
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: I see. And for the OPEX that your guidance for the low 73 in Q1, that is up sequentially, is the right comparable the 68 million in Q4?
Mark Frey: Q4 was 68 and if you added the impact of the accrual reversal, it would have been about 74.
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: Okay, so what’s happening is that you don’t have the accrual reversals happening in Q1 and that’s why its popping up again?
Mark Frey: Correct. Remember, Q4 did include already – you know, the run rate prior to that with a modest bonus accrual was in the 88 range. And so, Q4, even without the accrual reversal was a significant decrease, which was forced vacation, discretionary spending items, so those items just come across to Q1. There are additional restructuring actions that were taken in Q1 that will push OPEX probably lower than this 73-75 level as we advance through the year. However, a couple of things come into Q1, which is FICA matching and other regulatory costs.
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: So as we set up our models for OPEX throughout the year, given the restructuring plans, should OPEX be stable at the 73 kind of run-rate, or will it come down from there?
Mark Frey: It will be stable to down in the second quarter. In the third quarter it remains to be seen. The items that we have announced that are $5 million are temporary, so for our planning purposes we expect to put them back in the second half. But we will really have to determine that as we see the backlog evolve in April and May.
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: What was the dollar amount of your inventory write-downs, in the quarter?
Mark Frey: It is about normal, about a million more than we normally would have done.
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: Last one, as you go into Q1, can you rank the strength of your end markets – I understand that everything is weak, given the guidance, but is there anything that is relatively stronger or the most weak?
Mark Thompson:  The thing that stands out for its strengths are some of the industrial spaces, particularly some of the motion control; the DC motor drive business is up sequentially, significantly in Q1 versus Q4, that’s been on a very strong trend line. I think that some of the efficiency-driven designs in appliance and in general motion control have driven those. So those are clearly strongly up, sequentially. Most of the consumer mobile spaces are working through a variety of layers of inventory change, which make it difficult to figure out what the exact end demands are. But certainly, if you look at the typical equipment space, whether it is cellular or notebook computing, versus the sales into those, as we commented, we see Q1 significantly below end demand. So, whether that delta ends in the first quarter or trickles into the second, I think, is one of the things that makes it difficult to get at what the core demand is going to head back toward. 
Shawn Webster – JP Morgan: Thank you very much.
Operator: And from Credit Suisse, we will hear from John Pitzer
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse:  Yeah guys, thanks a lot. I think you said in your prepared comments that utilization in the December quarter was in the low 70s, I am trying to get a sense of where that might go in Q1, is it kind of the low 60s? And I guess, given where lead times are, given where inventory is, why not try to take a more aggressive stand in lowering inventories into Q1, on your own balance sheet?
Mark Frey: We do expect utilization to go down, closer to the lower 50s, and we are prioritizing getting our channel inventories down. We will target reducing our internal inventories, but we are prioritizing doing that at the channel because, obviously, its farther away from the customer if its in our inventories and if we have a bounce back then we would be more flexible to use it.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: You made the statement that you believe that production is well below consumption in the calendar first quarter. I guess, just given that you fell a little bit short of that expectation in the calendar fourth quarter, which had some positive seasonality, why so confident that the gap between production and consumption is as you guys put it, “significant in the March quarter”?
Steve Leibiger:  I think that the math is easy to characterize but harder to quantify. So, if you look at the reduction in demand for sales and to take a couple of key segments like cellular and computing, they are down on the order of 50%, and that’s across two quarters. Sales of cell phones and PCs are not down 50% across the same time period. So, clearly they are down, but every major OEM at one level or another has said that everyone is actively reducing inventories. We are actively reducing inventories, the OEMs are actively reducing inventories, the resellers are actively reducing inventories. So, the simple numbers tell you that. The pace at which it will swing the other way is the unknown. 
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: On the cost side you have clearly done a lot there. I wonder if you could help me understand the two buckets between sort of temporary cost reductions and more permanent cost reductions and help me quantify the size of each one of those buckets as you look through the balance of ’09.
Mark Frey: Well, the temporary is 5 million per quarter and it consists of things like continued vacation taking, 401K matching – items like that. The 1100 people specifically, is about 33 million on an annualized basis. Obviously, like any semiconductor company, we have all kinds of cost reductions; whether it is converting our gold traces to copper or cheaper lead frames, etcetera – we don’t quote what that is, but that does give us positive cost momentum. Then the continuance of discretionary control over services, over travel, etcetera, is in the $5 million plus, as well. Is that what you were looking for?
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Yeah, that was exactly what I am looking for, guys, I appreciate it. And then lastly, if I can sneak it in, pricing was pretty normal in the December quarter, but pricing is usually pretty normal the first couple of quarters of a downturn. Your expectation, as units start to come back, given where industry utilization levels are, what are your expectations around pricing, in the recovery environment?
Mark Frey: I would expect that it would be a little more than seasonal, for the same reason. It’s hard to reduce prices when you are not buying anything. I think when there are orders to be let, we will see that pressure emerge.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse: Any magnitude that you would like to share?
Mark Frey: I don’t think it will be like the last cycle, but it is really hard to say at this point.
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse:   Great, thanks guys, appreciate it.
Operator: We will next hear from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Great, thanks. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the variables in coming in at the high end or low end of your gross margin guidance, and what that might look like going throughout the course of the year.
Mark Frey: The principle variable would be whether we come in at the high end or the low end of our revenue suggestion and that’s really the major driver. The cost calculations and all that have been determined, and they are based on action plans and the timing of factory shut-downs, etcetera. 
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Any sense – obviously it’s heavily revenue dependant, but – other factors going on there that might give you some sense of what the cost margin could like throughout the course of the year?
Mark Frey:  Well, the major additional factors is particularly: the value of the log, which has a big impact on our cost structure – that is a little favorable at the moment, in the mid 1300 range, the price of gold is on the opposite end of the range, it’s $875 today, those kinds of things.
Steven Leibiger: Steve, the one thing I would add to Mark’s comments is that we are operating outside of the normal bounds, so everything winds up – when we are below 80% utilization – everything winds up being period expensed. So, whereas normally we see this effect of, what we build in one quarter affects the cost structure of the next. Because it is all period expensed, when demand turns the other way, we expect that to improve gross margins more rapidly than normal. 
Mark Thompson: And Steve, the other thing I would add, too, is that one of the things you have heard us talk about are some pretty substantial baseline cost productions, which over time should improve our gross margins at comparable revenue run rates going forward. So, there has been a real structural change made to the cost basis for the company. 
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Alright, great, and if I could squeeze in one more, just something about the (inaudible) security impairment and I apologize if I missed it, but did you comment on if you see potential for future further impairment?
Mark Frey: We have six or seven securities that are generally insurance products. They are investment-grade rated and we give them investment-grade risk profiles when we discount the value. If that situation changes, then we will discount them at a higher rate and produce a larger impairment. But, so far, they have held up because they are not sub-prime, they are not due to loans and things like that.
Steve Smigie – Raymond James: Great, thank you. 
Operator:  We will next hear from Tristan Gerra, Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning. When do you expect a return to normal utilization rates, given the 45% or so revenue decline over the past 6 quarters and are you looking at a potential more permanent reduction in actual manufacturing output?
Steven Leibiger: Tristan, that is one of the key questions that we obviously have two scenarios for. Every model that we can construct suggests that the first half demand is less than the true end demand and therefore we would expect some demand recovery in the back half of the year, maybe even in the second quarter. Obviously, if that turns out not to be the case, then we will do more aggressive structural things to permanently size ourselves, so again, we have really two sets of plans – one is based on all the current macro-economic models and inventory models that we are currently operating to, and we also have another plan which is to your point – a permanent elimination of capacity which would obviously resize the utilization rate.
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Could you qualify the central expectation you have for Q1 and say again what it was in Q4?
Mark Frey:  We don’t disclose our sell-through dollars. Sell-through in Q4 was obviously down about the same percent as sell-in, because the inventories remain roughly flat. But, we expect that the sell-through will reduce by a substantially less percent in Q1 relative to our shipping in, and that is why we think the channel inventories can contract. That’s based on the forecasts that we received from our distributors to date. 
Tristan Gerra – Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
Operator: And from UBS, we will hear from Parag Agarwal
Parag Agarwal – UBS:  Hey guys, just a question about your capital structure. Do you guys have a possibility to buy back the debt at lower prices?
Mark Frey: Our debt is trading at about $70 and we do, but you can’t just do it on the market, we have restrictions, so we would have to go to the bank group and offer to do that. We have no plans to do that at the current time.
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Could you give that cash flow from operation and free cash flow for the December quarter, please?
Mark Frey: Cash flow from operations was 14.7 and free cash flow was a negative 20.9, because we were paying off the last of the capital installments on the 8-inch expansion. 
Parag Agarwal – UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Craig Berger from FBR.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Getting back to the pricing, you said you expected to intensify as business comes back a bit, I mean, do you intend to use price as a (inaudible) to get more business?
Mark Thompson: Well, Craig, as we commented, we intend to maintain share in our course basis so I think what that means is that some combination of availability feature and price will be required in order to do that, but we’ve not –what I’d say- bought share in the past, and we don’t expect to all of a sudden; we won’t be the ones that will be driving price decline. I guess that’s probably the best way to put it.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Can you update us on where you’re at, what’s you back-end in-sourcing transition?
Mark Thompson:  That’s done. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: How much is internal? 
Mark Thompson: Today we’re about 75% internal.
Mark Frey : 70%, so in a sense, we do settle in-sourcing at this point. The in-sourcing we’ve talked about is capabilities that we didn’t really have before, that we’ve put (inaudible) primarily for higher power packages like the TO220. Across the spectrum of packages, we have sub continently had internal capacity, and we lowered the loading with subcons significantly more in Q4 than we did for internal factories in Q4, and we will continue that trend in Q1 to a point where we’ll get to more like 70% in 30 hours without really capital investment. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Are the gross margin benefits related to that, already kind of baked into the Q1 guidance or is there more post-benefits to be had going forward?
Mark Frey : No, they’re baked in. Going forward, the same leverage factor will occur. We will load our factories until we get them back to normal utilization before we go to subcons, and therefore, when we do get revenue upside, we expect a lot of drop-through of the revenue upside.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: What should we be thinking about for taxes for the year: the subzero in Q1?
Mark Frey : When you actually get into a loss situation or even a break-even situation, there’s about $2-3 million cash tax that we incur in our distributor countries in our basic cost structure. After that, our profits either are in Korea or in the U.S. In the U.S., the tax rate is zero so it doesn’t matter. If they’re in Korea, then we get a tax credit. We believe that that expected credit in Korea will be about the same amount as the $2-3 million of absolute dollar expenses, so it’s about zero.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: With substantial losses likely to continue through the year, at least based on what we see now, is zero the right way to think about the future orders?
Mark Frey : Yes, I’d think about it as about zero going forward. I would not view some major tax; structural shipped occurring there. It could move slightly into a credit mode, depending on whether the losses were in Korea or in the U.S.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: How much cash are you comfortable burning this year? I know you’re taking you CapEx down so you get a $60 million benefit from phantom depreciation but you could still burn $60, $70, $80 million in cash. How long would you let that continue before you take additional actions?
Mark Thompson: We expect to consume a modest amount of cash in the first quarter and we expect to be cash positive on the year.
Mark Frey : In terms of comfort, we want to generate cash. We want to generate cash all the time. We’ve taken very serious measures on CapEx so you can expect a $10-12 million range in the first two quarters of the first half. We said $60 million for the year, but if things don’t strengthen, then we’ll take a look at that number.
Mark Thompson: The $10-12 million isn’t per quarter, then. That’s cumulative for the first half so: single digit.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Last question: What was the reasoning behind the segment re-class again; it seems like every few quarters we re-class.
Mark Frey : It was simply to reduce an overhead structure. We thought that the two principal product lines that we moved into MCCC and PCIA could be well-managed by their management teams because they overlapped in the same market applications, and then there was a small business left over that is very distribution-oriented and doesn’t take a lot of attention. We just thought we could eliminate several right positions by doing that.
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. From Banc of America Sumit Dhanda.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Thanks for taking my question. Just want to circle back to your comments about the break-even point and also the OPEX savings. Mark, just to be clear, based on what you suggest, it does sound like we should be looking at OPEX decline of roughly $15 million off of the 3Q of 08 level sometimes by the June quarter, is that fair?
Mark Frey : (inaudible)
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: You suggested that you’re looking at break-even, the [Isume] on cash EPS, sometime by late June quarter or the September quarter on: call it $260 million in revenues, is that fair? 
Mark Frey : There are two components. I don’t want to commit to a time. We said June because the break-even is based on the restructuring actions that are underway right now so we’re taking our costs down, primarily in Q1 but some more in Q2. In terms of the $250-275 million, that is just the sizing that we think we would be at. We’re not saying that we think revenue would be in that range.
Sumit Dhanda Banc of America: I understand, but if I were to look at your internal scenario, it would seem to imply - just given the OPEX that you have talked about plus some more OPEX declines that you just referred it- it would seem to imply that you’re looking at, call it 12-point swings and gross margins. I understand you are not [committing (1:00)] to anything, but can you just give us a road map as to how you think you can achieve that just off of a $30 million increase in revenues? That’s my question.
Mark Frey – EVP and CFO: I’m not sure I understand your question. 
Unidentified Analyst Banc of America: In other words, you’re expecting revenues on $260 million, given the OPEX reductions that you referred to. In order to achieve break-even point, you are probably looking at 12-point swings, like from 16% all the way to like 28% [you will take (1:37)].
Mark Frey : For cash break-even, it doesn’t take a 12-point gross margin swing to get them.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Could you provide a number on how much you will take, then?
Mark Frey : First of all, the $33 million both affects gross margin and below the line, but our cost reductions; there are all kinds of cost reductions that we don’t have in that number. That’s the surgical number for the 1,100 people and I don’t want you to think of that as the only thing we got going from a cost-reduction standpoint, but in the middle single digits, a gross margin improvement would be factored in because, remember, those are still very low revenue levels.
Sumit Dhanda – Banc of America: Sure, I understand, but you’re saying: mid single digits gross margin improvements?
Mark Frey : Over where we’ve got it, say in the mid 20s. Don’t confuse cash break-even with earnings break-even, we’re not saying that.
Sumit Dhanda – Banc of America: I get that part, so mid-20s would imply like 25, 26, is that fair?
Mark Frey : 24, 25. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Alright, so again, the question remains the same which is: off of $30 million increase in revenues to the midpoint, so you got into 232, the midpoints of your break-even scenarios, call it 260ish; you still would expect like a 10-point swing to gross margins just off of $30 million. The question is: how do you think you can get there just of off $30 million increase in revenues?
Mark Frey : It’s a very large fall-through, and let me correct: it’s more like $22 million, I was looking at it wrong, so it would be up about 5, 6 points for that amount of revenue growth and I see there is more like $40 million of growth and it’s almost dollar-for-dollar fall-through.  
Sumit Dhanda Banc of America: Okay. 
Mark Frey – EVP and CFO: It’s not just related to that incremental revenue, it’s also the catching up of this whole prospect rolling in.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: That is all I had, thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. From Miller Tabak, Brendan Furlong.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Good morning, a couple of questions. In the standard product segment, there had been some sub-segments within that (inaudible) margins, and you’re looking to why they sell them, (inaudible) them, we’re doing something with them in this downturn. What’s your thought process on that initiative?
Mark Thompson: If you look at what we did with standard products, there is roughly three pieces of that, but two pieces that each fit into the existing segment structure; we move into those segment structures. We left behind the very low end of that which is the small signal business. There is still an active process to consider divestiture of those, but of course, there are very few transactional events these days as you know, so it cashes, our credit is not available and so forth, so we see at least for the first few quarters of 2009, we’ll simply be managing that business for cash and squeezing as much cash out of that as we possibly can and so that is really the plan for that. If there is a return to normal fee or some new normal fee during the middle of the year, then we would see the potential for a transaction in that, but we are not counting on it.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Would it ever make sense just to shut them down?
Mark Thompson: It depends on how you define. I tend to think of shutdown as an aggressive closure, whereas when you run stuff for cash, you are really looking for places where you can make price increases stick and so forth, and so you are essentially slowing shrinking the business but increasing the cash output of the business, and so that’s really more of the model that we’re looking at.
Mark Frey : We also don’t have a lot of fixed costs or assets related to these product lines there, largely outsourced that we sell it to distribution, so it’s not like they drive a lot of complexity for us.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Understood, My second is going back to several other questions early in the call: given the revenue run-race, you got to take your internal inventories down substantially over the next 4 or 6 quarters and the dynamics of taking this internal inventory down given the run-race, how down that impact your gross margin for the balance of 09’?
Mark Thompson: The current margin assumptions that we’ve put out for the first quarter is significant under-build of demand, as Mark commented. As we have partitioned it now, we expect multiple tens of millions of dollars in the channel to come down and a smaller decrease internally in dollars. The following quarter, then, one would expect it as similar. Maintaining that build rate, you would then see a similar reduction in internal inventory, so it shouldn’t be a sustained drag. In fact, I think we have to pay close attention to service level, because again, the dollar amount is pretty well. The resale has gone low so the denominator winds up in weeks looking large, so we have to very carefully balance service with working capital utilization.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Obviously, things have fallen off but they will probably stay weak for a while, so the days of inventory, your (inaudible) need to come down. When will we get tens of millions of dollars off internally off the balance sheet?
Mark Frey : We are not going to commit beyond Q1 because we don’t know, but obviously, we are going to look at the run race. Overall, we have probably had the lowest inventory in the industry and we started the cycle that way, so it’s an instinct within the company to do that but we’re just speculating about what the second half would look like. If we saw something is permanent, then we would work on the (inaudible) driving them down. 
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Thank you very much.
Mark Thompson: I think we have time to get one more question.
Operator: There are actually no further questions at this point. 
Mark Thompson:  That’s good. Thank you very much, bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference. We thank you for your participation. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steven Leibiger - Investor Relations Mark Thompson - President and CEO Mark Frey - EVP and CFO Dan Janson - VP of Finance
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Craig Ellis - Citi Romit Shah - Barclays Capital Shawn Webster - JPMorgan Steve Smigie - Raymond James Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets Eric Ghernati - Banc of America Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Steven Leibiger. Please go ahead, sir.
Steven Leibiger – Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild’s third quarter of 2008 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild’s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO, along with Dan Janson, our Vice President of Finance. Let me begin by mentioning, that we are attending the Raymond James IT Supply Chain Conference in New York on November 18th.  We will start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our third quarter financial results and discuss our forward guidance for the fourth quarter of 2008. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally we will reserve time for questions and answers.  This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes, and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relation section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days.  Fairchild's management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements including all statements about future results and performance are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risks and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements.  A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we filed with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our business that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide.  You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a 2008 Q3 fact sheet and a financial section, with updated, unaudited financial highlights, including detailed breakouts of segment and regional revenue, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA.  Now I will turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark Frey: Thanks, Steve. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you had a chance to review our earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning, so I'll focus on just the key points. For the third quarter of 2008, Fairchild reported sales of $428.3 million, up 2.3% sequentially, and 0.4% higher than the third quarter of 2007. Gross margin was 29.9%, up a 130 basis points from the prior quarter, due to higher factory loadings, cost decreases related to product insourcing, lower material costs, and favorable currency exchange rates in Asia. We also reduced internal inventory by over $7 million during the quarter. R&D and SG&A expenses were $83.8 million, down $5 million from the prior quarter and better than our original expectations, due to rigorous cost management, reduced equity compensation costs, and a non-recurring credit of approximately $0.5 million. We recorded a $1.8 million charge for restructuring and impairments, primarily related to streamlining of warehousing operations. Net interest and other expenses were $5.4 million in the third quarter, which is a $0.9 million decrease from Q2, primarily due to lower debt balances and one-time fees related to our Q2 debt refinancing. Now I'd like to review third quarter highlights for our sales and gross margin performance, for each of our product groups. In our PCIA group, total sales decreased slightly from the prior quarter. Strong sequential growth in excess of 14% in power conversion products was offset by mid single-digit declines in automotives and high voltage MOSFETs. Gross margins improved three points relative to Q2, due primarily to better cost leverage from higher factory loadings in the prior quarter. Our MCCC group saw an 8.6% sequential increase in sales, driven by the low voltage, ultra portable, mobile power, Interface, IntelliMAX and signal conditioning product families. Overall, MCCC gross margins were essentially flat compared to the prior quarter at about 35.2% as internal inventories were significantly reduced throughout the quarter. Standard Product group sales were down 3% and gross margin was up 50 basis points compared to the prior quarter, also due to the higher factory loadings. Reviewing our balance sheet; we reduced internal inventories by more than $7 million, resulting in a three day decrease from the prior quarter to 72 days. We continue to maintain one of the leanest inventory levels in the industry. DSOs increased about two days to slightly over 42 days. Cash and marketable securities decreased $17 million to $419.3 million in the second quarter, which reflected cash flow from operations of $48.9 million, capital spending of $44.5 million, and net stock purchases of $12 million. Turning now to guidance; we expect fourth quarter revenue to be down 6% to 12% sequentially. At the start of the quarter, we had approximately 88% of the sales guidance booked and scheduled to ship. Order rates were below expectations in September, resulting in a sequentially lower starting backlog position. We expect that gross margins will be approximately flat sequentially, as we offset lower factory loadings, with insourcing cost benefits, and favorable foreign currency and raw material cost trends. We expect to continue to increase our ratio of insourced packaging during Q4, as the majority of our assembly and test production cuts will be on outsourced volumes. We expect R&D and SG&A expenses to be approximately $80 million to $83 million, and net interest and other expenses to be about $6 million to $6.5 million for the fourth quarter. We expect the macroeconomic environment to remain challenging over the next six plus months, and therefore we intend to be very disciplined in spending controls and asset management.  Now I will turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark Thompson: Thanks Mark. Let me start by following up Mark's last point, with a few general comments about how we are proactively managing the business in the current environment. We’ve demonstrated strong supply chain management in the last two cycles, and we are particularly focused on maintaining lean inventories and short lead times in this market.  We reduced our internal inventories to their lowest point in two years and close to the lowest point ever at the end of the third quarter. This gives us some cushion to selectively rebuild die inventory in some of our fastest growing new products, as well as some areas that we have depleted.  Channel inventory is at the midpoint of our target range, and we continue to ship in to match consumption. Our lead times remain relatively short, which enables us to be responsive to demand changes and opportunities to capture upsides in the quarter. We intend to hold market share in our base line business, while gaining share on our focused applications by accelerating new product design wins. We posted record sales for our latest high frequency voltage regulators, analog switches, analog video filters, and new generation of power conversion solutions for battery chargers. This should allow us to grow at least as fast as our server markets. We are aggressively managing our manufacturing and operating expenses as evidenced by our significant spending reduction in the third quarter. We believe we can maintain and improve on this trend in the fourth quarter.  Let me summarize our current results. Revenue grew sequentially as we gained share in a number of key customers with our higher value products, but end market demand softened during the quarter, especially in the computing area. Sales of our products in to the industrial end market were also seasonally lower, while sales into the consumer electronics market increased compared to the prior quarter. Our sales into the OEM channel were up 3%, relative to Q2, driven primarily by new product sales.  This growth is enabled by offering higher value analog and power management products, coupled with a responsive global supply chain to service fast growing large customers. In the distribution channel, sell-through was up more than 1% sequentially in Q3 and our inventories at the midpoint of our target range. Overall, average product selling price is down between 1% and 2% sequentially, which is within normal expectations. Lead times were in the six to eight week range during the quarter, and we expect to maintain them in this range in the fourth quarter. Advanced wafer fabrication capacity increased by nearly 8% in Q3, as the new 8-inch line in our main analog fab began to ramp. Overall factory utilization improved during the quarter, as we adjusted starts to meet product demand. Now turning to our product line results. In our MCCC business, we posted strong overall quarter-on-quarter sales growth of close to 9%. In the handset arena, voltage regulation is growing at a compound annual rate of 13%, and our high frequency DC/DC regulators are the most energy efficient available. We believe that our revenue growth for these mobile power products can significantly exceed the overall market growth, as we focus on key industry leading customers.  In the third quarter, we saw our mobile power sales increase 40% sequentially, as we ramped our latest DC/DC regulator products. Other MCCC products with notable sequential revenue growth in the past quarter were IntelliMAX, analog switches and video filters. Our PCIA group provides key technologies to both convert and save energy. For the third quarter, sales were essentially flat at $160 million. A key growth area for this business segment is Primary Site Regulation or PSR for low power applications. These are used in small, highly efficient AC to DC converters, like the ones used to charge mobile phones and MP3 players. PSR uses less power and also requires fewer components, and has a smaller form factor than traditional secondary side regulation. As legislation and economics drives such power adapters toward higher efficiency methods, such as PSR are required and silicon content increases. In Q3, our PSR sales increased sequentially more than 40%. We also saw greater than 40% quarter-on-quarter sales growth in IGBTs for industrial and automotive applications and power factor correction. We continue to manage our Standard Products Group, SPG with cost discipline to maximize overall cash generation. For the quarter, revenue decreased about 3% to $94.7 million. In summary, we are aggressively managing the variables within our direct control to maintain a lean response to the supply chain while reducing expenses. We expect to hold share in our core business while gaining share in our focus applications to enables to grow at or above the market rate. Finally, we believe our focus on fastest growing wireless mobility and energy efficient markets will drive a solid long-term growth in our business. Finally, Fairchild announced two days ago that it filed a new patent infringement lawsuit against Power Integrations. The lawsuit alleges that certain Power Integrations' pulse-width modulation products integrated circuit products infringe one or more claims of three US patents owned by Fairchild's subsidiary System General. Fairchild is seeking monetary damages and injunction preventing the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale or importation of Power Integrations products found to infringe the asserted patents. Thank you. I will turn back to Steve.
Steve Leibiger: Thanks, Mark. We will now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Now, let's take the first question.
Operator: Our first question is from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: A couple of questions here. First, on gross margin, we think about how that could trough versus your prior trough. Can you just walk us through the puts and takes of mix cost cutting, inventory, etcetera and how that might work out over the next couple quarters?
Mark Frey: Well, clearly the biggest potential negative and the biggest unknown is the load in volumes, that somewhat mitigated because we do have outsourcing of some packages and therefore, why I think we have done a better job this time of balancing the production losses that we seen so far at subcon rather than inplant. The pluses, as I mentioned in the script, are the in-sourcing cost reductions that we’ve already put in place, plus some favorable trends we have seen in currency and input costs with gold being the biggest unknown. And as you know, gold continues to vacillate pretty wildly.
Mark Thompson: Ross, the other thing I would add to Mark's comment is that we continue to have significant new product launches every quarter, and that's a steady favorable contribution to the mix as well.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: I guess as a follow up more on that revenue line that you talked about with the loading side of the equation, have you seen any change after the weak September? Have things gotten worse? Stayed about the same? Gotten better? in general with your guidance, is there a specific sub-segment in your three that will do better or worse?
Mark Thompson: In general, I would say we've seen things stay about the same. The characteristics of the market are generally relatively little visibility and they manifest itself by last minute orders, expedite and so forth. So all those things I think are, the end customers are being selective about the business that they are going after when they see an opportunity they are very aggressive, but I think there is a higher level of selectivity out there in the business. That's the way I would characterize it today.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: And then as far as the sub-segments?
Mark Thompson: The sub-segments have the one that's probably degraded the most versus what I would say a normal trend is automotive. And then after that it would be computing and industrial and consumer as well.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Sounds like, pretty broad base.
Mark Thompson: Well, that's right. Handset has degraded the least, I would say.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Moving on, our next question comes from Craig Ellis from Citi.
Craig Ellis - Citi: Thanks for taking the questions. The first one is a follow-up on the trough gross margin level. If we're guiding down a midpoint 9%, I think utilization was expected to be somewhere in the mid to low 80s percent in the third quarter. Wouldn't we be expecting utilization to drop back into the mid to high 70s by early next year?
Mark Frey: Well, Craig, of course, it would depend on how the volume picture continued to evolve. But, utilization at the fab level was just above 90%. And in fact, we've had shortages in some areas. So we've directed our capacity at those areas and actually drawn down die inventories as a result. So we are in a very good position with lot of our inventory reduction has been in die. So we think we can maintain the fabs in the 80s somewhere. And again in packaging, we were in the mid-80s and would expect that to come down. But it depends again on the product mix, because certain product mixes can be made internally and some we rely on subcons. But I think it's safe to say, it would be a bit less than what we have seen in the past.
Mark Thompson: I guess to build on that were among other things, the changes that we made a couple years ago when we began to put more structure and discipline in our new product development. One of them obviously was pursuing higher quality business, but the other one was making sure that all the high runners had the ability to manufacture either in-house or out, which causes them to have a much more flexible trajectory as we apportion in and out when we go through one of these. Again, we can't predict exactly what the cycle will look like, but I can predict that we will perform better in it than we have historically.
Dan Janson: Craig, this is Dan, just another point to add to that. As we said in the script, and as we have cut our loadings to adjust to the revenue lines, we are taking more out of our subcontractors in the backend, which also is cushioning us a little bit on the utilization line.
Craig Ellis - Citi: A number of things working together to try and keep utilization near where they’ve been in the last few cycles rather than what happened after 2004. Switching gears a little bit. Yesterday, we had a company give us an outlook that had a bottoms up component to it and then a big top down haircut that was also an element in the guidance. Can you just help us understand how you approach this quarter's guidance versus the way you would approach guidance in a more normal environment? Is there a particular allowance for the uncertainty that we have in the global economy today?
Mark Thompson: No, we didn't use a different process, but we weigh dimensions of the process. So we have always used a statistical and a trending approach, plus direct conversations with our key customers, including distributors and which we then add on in uncertainty factor. I think if you look our range is broader than typical. The low end was not one that was generated from a model of the business that exists today, but rather as a reflection of the uncertainty. Again it wasn't a change in process. It was just a greater waiting for the uncertainty factor to create the downside of the model.
Craig Ellis - Citi: Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: We will take our next question from Romit Shah from Barclays Capital.
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: On the factory loadings, just with the reduction that you have taken thus far in the last 30 days, is it fair to say that we will see the impact to the P&L and specifically gross margins in Q1?
Mark Frey: You will see some impact, although it's not as big as it was, say last year. The swing really hasn't been quite as much. Frankly, the underlying cost performance has been a bit better. So you won't, I think what you are implying is you get costs that roll over in to Q1 from the production volumes in Q4. And that won't be really as much the case this year.
Mark Thompson: So, Romit, one other thing that I would add to Mark's comment is that we did a significant architectural upgrade to our planning system partly through this year. I think you heard us talk about it, and in fact we took some impairment charges for converting from what we call the three engine to one engine. We had such a complex product family that we couldn't really run it all in one planning system. We converted mid-year to a single engine model which we run more frequently. So as a result of that, we are able to do much more frequent adjustments to our loading plans. That's really architecturally what's behind Mark's comment of saying that the ups and down swings that we've seen in the past have been chunkier than we expect them to be in the future because we update the plans once a week now.
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: What I think we are trying to gather that one of the reasons why Fairchild stock is underperformed, is that people assume that if revenues are declining, earnings are going to decline at a faster rate than their peers because you guys are a Standard Products company and traditionally we've seen more marginal leverage. So if you could help us sort of frame what the operating model, gross margins would look like, operating margins if? And I'm just putting a number out there, if we were to say shave 10%, 15% off of the revenues that you've guided to for Q4, what would gross margins look like? Would the company still be profitable? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: So, let me try to get it, I guess if I get at the highest level or lowest level depending on your point of view, question is that I certainly can't guarantee profitability. Business gets bad enough. Everybody is going to be unprofitable. So what I would say, however, is that if you look at the peak-to-trough progression, it's been a steady improvement in mix and business process as well as cost structure. So if you look at sort of the huge swings of 10 points peak-to-trough that the company experienced say five years ago, those were driven, of course, by very large inventory swings by and large, which we were able to correct by operating the company on a sell-in basis. Now in the meantime, we dramatically simplified our product portfolio in the same period of time from say 2005 to presently. We have gone from almost 50,000 part numbers down to around 15,000 part numbers, that is more than a factor of three. We've changed the planning system. We've improved the cost structure. I mentioned earlier the ambidexterity between our key products being able to be manufactured in-source or out. The quality of the mix, the multiple sourcing characteristic of most of those elements have improved steadily over the last three years. Every one of them contributes to a more stable profile, which I think you described it perfectly, is that ideally you would have your earnings linearly track your top line. I wouldn't say we are at the point where we would say categorically that if they can track the top line, what I can say is that we are healthier in that dimension than we were a year ago and our improved mix continues to drive us in that direction.
Mark Frey: More specifically to your question, if we lost another 10% from guidance, I think we would be above breakeven. That's not guidance. That's just modeling.
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Shawn Webster from JPMorgan.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Can you expand a little bit on the pricing environment and maybe expectations specifically for this quarter? Is there any activity on the competitive front you are seeing where you're seeing any kind of incremental desperation? Or how do you expect pricing to evolve for the next quarter or two?
Mark Thompson: In the third quarter as we reported, the aggregate pricing was within the normal bounds. We would expect pricing to get more aggressive in certain segments as the people are less concerned about supply and more concerned about costs. Computing is probably the most sensitive to that, in general. We've started to see a little bit more competition in some applications. That's the one I would expect would be most responsive to that if the computing market continues to deteriorate.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Okay. And then what do you expect for taxes?
Mark Frey: The basic structural expectations aren't different about 15% on an adjusted calculation.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Then you commented that you could take advantage of what's happening to builds and inventory. Can you give us a sense of magnitude and how much you would like it to come up?
Mark Frey: In the number of places, particularly fast growing products, we had turns that were up in the 8, 9 range for a couple of product families which causes us to start to worry about service levels. So they are all driven by service level concerns.
Mark Thompson: But in terms of looking forward, obviously there is a lot of unknowns in Q4. But as we looked at it and modeled it, we have not factored in inventory growth into our thinking. So, obviously that's going to develop with time.. But our guidance wasn't dependent on some belief that will run the factory with inventory growth scenario.
Mark Frey: I think that's a key point that Mark made which is again if you look at the trajectory across the year, we've been taking, we've reducing our inventories every quarter and we are going to continue to run them as lean as we possibly can. And selectively replenish where only where returns are at sufficient level that we were about service.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Okay. So flattish, I guess is what I should assume. Coming out of the Y2K kind of period, can you remind us where your utilization rates were troughing back down. I know that you are a different company now and things may be different this time. But just to get a sense of how it was back then?
Mark Thompson: Dan, do you have any recollection? This kind of predates current management.
Dan Janson: Yeah, I think we are looking at low 80s to high 70s, somewhere in that range for fab utilization.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Okay. And then last one, did you have any 10% customers in the quarter?
Mark Thompson: No.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will move on to Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great, thank you. Just a one quick item on the guidance for the R&D, SG&A expenses, I assume that's including the impact of option expenses and as to how much would be the potential option expenses in the quarter, fourth quarter?
Mark Frey: Well, Steve, as you can see from the release, our equity oriented expenses improved from Q2 to Q3 by about $1.9 million. Looking into Q4, it ought to go back up a little bit $0.5 million to $1 million, which is actually a little higher element in our thinking. But I think obviously, it's going to ultimately depend on the stock prices, stock at these levels obviously drives to lower overall equity expenses. This is 's not a situation I'm looking forward to.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: I know you guys don't give guidance at this point for Q1, but you have taken guidance revenue here for Q4 is below seasonal obviously. Would Q1 expect to be then seasonal down from that? Or do you think given the sort of outlook you laid out here that you wouldn't expect Q1 to be down as much traditionally as you have already sort of taken hit, if you will?
Mark Thompson: Steve, one of the things that we talked to our big customers when we think about guidance, and I would say that the general lack of visibility is one that starts with the OEMs and there is I think it's a very uncertain economic environment and nobody is going to even try to predict what something in 2009 looks like at this point.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. Looking at the gross margin guidance again here actually seems pretty decent considering the decline in revenue and I guess, I would say I think you probably answered this to a certain extent. But do you feel like that's a result really of all the different things you've talked about on the call about the stuff you put in place, or as you are discussing, you had some adjustments you were making in terms inventory? As a result you're able to run stuff a little bit more fully loaded as anticipated and so there is a potential that, with an extra next quarter, things continue to deteriorate then you start to lose maybe one quarter or two quarter benefit you had from that inventory stuff that you are changing?
Mark Frey: No we don't, we didn't reverse our inventory reserves or stuff like that. We think we've got a pretty conservative balance sheet and hopefully that insulates us from those kinds of shocks. I think it's the factors that we've mentioned going forward. And the biggest unknown is what the loadings will open [really be].
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay, right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question today is from Kevin Cassidy from Thomas Weisel Partners.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: How about in the supply chain, are you seeing any disruption related to the credit issues?
Mark Thompson: From a supply point of view, none that I have seen. I mean we pay attention to the health of our subcons and we've been consolidating our subcons away from some of the ones that were smaller and more unstable. So that may explain why we haven't seen it. We've seen some concerns on the distribution, some of the small private distributors. It looks like some of them are struggling a little bit with that in Korea and in Asia, in China particular. So from an outbound point of view, we have seen more of it than an inbound part of the supply chain.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Also related to automotives, I guess you say that's degraded the most. Is there credit issues involved there or is it just because of the demand drop-off?
Mark Thompson: No, I think it's just flat demand. If you look at our customers in automotive have no credit issues. They are all very strong players. It's just that automotive volumes are down more than any other volumes are down and that's being reflected in their take rates.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And in the prepared comments, it is mentioned that you are preparing for a six-month slowdown. Is there any particular reason why six months or anything else?
Mark Frey: I said six plus.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay.
Mark Frey: We are not approaching this as a blip. As we said many times before, we control the things we can control and so we are going to control asset management, the execution of new product programs and spending controls. It's not a bridge to some rebound that we see out there. We've put a number of cost control measures in place for this quarter and they will remain in place and some of them are good ideas in all economic environments and will probably continue in place indefinitely.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Frey: That's all we meant. Obviously, nobody wants to predict what ultimately the cycle is going to play out to be.
Operator: And we will go next to Tristan Gerra from Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Good morning. Given that your utilization rates was about 90% in the quarter, fair to assume that near term 30% gross margin is actually a peak gross margin. The question is, at what level of utilization rates do you decide on cutting expenses aggressively enough to the point where you will be considering cutting capacity or potentially closing fabs?
Mark Thompson: So there is a couple of different things, choices that you have. The first step in a reduced demand environment is you can use selective shutdowns, which isn't quite as good as a full closure, but to some extent it looks like one in the sense that you have no operating expenses at all, and of course you are not taking any material in. Certainly, we are modeling one of the characteristics of a very uncertain environment like this. As you know, every year as part of our normal planning, we update our breakeven models and so forth. Obviously, this year, I think, we are probably doing what everyone else in the world is doing, which is saying, "Well, if it got this bad, what would we do?" Certainly, there are scenarios where we elect to close a fab, but it would be a very drastic reduction from where we are today before that would be required in order to maintain acceptable financial performance.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you. Then could you remind us percentage of revenues now that you will consider as being in somewhat commodity?
Mark Thompson: So the products that are pure commodities are standard product. If you just took the low $90 million range for that, so around 25% of our business is absolutely pure commodity. Then the rest of the business is a notch-up from that in the sense of there are ranges from having a few suppliers of a given product to single source at the other end of that. So I guess by definition a single source can't be a commodity. So I think that would be the partitioning in that category.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Okay. So in terms of outside of first tender product, what will be the estimate of products that are multi-sourced and is that adding maybe a 10% to your total revenues in terms of exposure there?
Mark Thompson: It's hard to answer that question. So a majority of products for us and all like companies are at least dual sourced. And in fact, if you look at sort of rules in cellular for example, is you are not allowed to have any volume until its dual sourced, and in fact there are a lot of reasons why you don't want to be sole sourced as a manufacturing company. We have been moving the mix heavily toward dual sourced as opposed to multiple sourced. But I don't have the exact breakdown on what stuff is dual sourced versus three or four suppliers. I would say less than half is all the way to dual source at this point of the remaining down.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Okay. That's very useful. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my questions. First, on the OpEx. Q3 OpEx was a lot better than the guidance and Q4 is even better than that. How sustainable is that into 2009? When do you do annual raises? How should we be thinking about that line item going forward?
Mark Frey: Well, we typically tick up in Q1 as we have for several years because merits, payroll matching kind of kick in. There is generally less vacations. And of course, the bonus plan will change depending on year. We actually still are maintaining a modest bonus scenario in our numbers, even though we obviously control them on the low end of expectations. So, we don't expect an upturn the way we saw last year. Obviously, the equity expense is going to depend on what the stock price is when we our next grant. We will continue the measures that we've put in place and in Q4, as I said earlier, typical things like hiring freezes, travel bans, very selective on any resources. I would expect it to pick up a bit, but then still pretty much get back to the ranges that we've been talking about. Again, that was sort of behind my commentary around expectations that there is a lot of uncertainty. This covers the kinds of things we can control and we will control.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: All right. Can we talk a little bit about your 8-inch fab ramp? How far into that process are we? What's the additional capital required to get that up and running and the timing for production there?
Mark Thompson: We had the process that we've been using is, there are two parts to it. One is to convert existing 6-inch to 8. And those are the most cost effective but logistically the most difficult to execute because you have to take a lane down before you bring it back up in 8. So what we've done is a 4, 6-inch lanes that we have running in South Portland fab, we've converted two so far. What we've then decided to do for a security of supply reasons is then the next one which we are in the middle of is an addition of a new lane, which will make it much more straightforward to convert the subsequent ones. So of the total plan to convert, if you look at the numbers that we presented at our Analyst Day recently that would be four converted and two new lanes. So you could say that we are at this point exiting Q4 halfway through that conversion process, having converted two of the existing 6 and added one new 8-inch length.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Is this the type of project you guys want to be spending money on in a waning demand environment? Is it possible to slowdown or speed up the conversion process?
Mark Thompson: So if you look, for starters even when I say a new lane, this doesn't benefit an equipment manufacturer. We buy, use, lots of high quality used 8-inch equipment out there. Wherever possible we look like any other good analog company, and we buy used equipment. So the conversions themselves are pretty cost effective. In fact, if you really look at it, there is many aspects, so it's really de-bottlenecking process that we use. So you do a single conversion and then you upgrade the various bottlenecks in the line. So it's a very, it's not, don't think of it as a very large chunk of money that you spend and then regret spending. It's important to think about it as six incremental events and of which two are gross additions of the line and four are just think of them as 1.6 times a six-inch line. It's a granular process, we can slow it down, we can stop it and it's quite flexible in response to the demand environment.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Last question.
Mark Frey: Hi, Craig, let me add one other item to that. So we've talked a lot about the transition to be much more of an analog company. We needed to take the main fab utilization rate to be more in line with what we traditionally see with an analog company, something around 80% utilization. So the 8-inch conversion is really integral to that. Frankly, I think given the environment that we are in right now, it actually gives us an environment that is a little more conducive to finishing the transition. I mean when you are absolutely full as we have been for over a year in that fab, it really makes it difficult to do the kind of transition work we need to do to make the leap from 6 to 8-inch. So this actually is going to give us a little bit of breathing room. And ultimately on the other side of this, we are going to end up with an analog fab that's going to look like the best analog fabs in the world, running out of utilization rate that is going to make it much easier for us to be responsive to our customers.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: The reason I had asked is your depreciation has been going up and your revenues are going down?
Mark Frey: So let me make a general statement. The depreciation is going up because we have been in-sourcing a part that, it costs more from a subcon. So we are just turning an outside service that costs $0.07 to depreciation that costs $0.01 plus additional costs. So that's the ratio. More broadly, obviously we, like everyone else are very carefully looking at our capital expenditures for next year. Just as we are controlling our income statement spending, we were taking a hard look at our CapEx model as well. Clearly, pure capacity projects are being de-prioritized and we will continue to prioritize cost reduction-oriented spending and new product capability spending.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Last question, I know you guys are net cash negative, but any thoughts to even a small buyback down here, little goes a long way at $6 a share?
Mark Frey: Yes, we are considering it. We do have some limitations in our term loan in terms how big that could be. We have purchased equity in the last couple of quarters and we continue to look at it.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Thank you.
Mark Frey: Pretty compelling.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Ghernati from Banc of America.
Eric Ghernati - Banc of America: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just want to circle back to what you said or you provided the reasons why your MCCC gross margins were flat sequentially despite the 9% sequential increase in revenues. You talked about how that was a case because you took down inventories for MCCC products. Now, if I recall in the second quarter, you had a similar dynamic whereas you took down inventories for MCCC products by one week and your sales were down 3%, yet your gross margins were flat. So I'm not sure why despite you didn't see the benefits from a 9% increase in revenues this quarter? That's my first question.
Mark Frey: Well, because we did have the benefit of the revenue but not the production loading which determines what the average cost of the product would be. We were still working off inventory and that ends up essentially expensing inventory that had been built in some prior periods at a higher cost.
Mark Thompson: I would add that we took more inventory out this last quarter. We actually drained ten days as inventory. So MCCC is now well below the company average for inventory days which is what our plan is.
Eric Ghernati - Banc of America: Okay. Next question again on gross margins. You know last time you talked also about how out of you're the midpoints of your guidance for gross margins, 50% of the improvements was going to come from mix, the rest was going to come from utilization. Again, as I hear your prepared remarks, you are talking benefits coming squarely from utilization, lower material, lower Forex, higher in-sourcing, where is the benefit though you are expecting from the improvements in mix?
Mark Frey: We still see some the impact of higher value products. In this particular quarter, we did take some. Although in the manufacturing area, we had some favorable currency. In the revenue area, we had some unfavorable currency, specifically the euro where our euro-based products translated back into fewer dollars. But we saw a progression, it just wasn't big enough to note in script.
Eric Ghernati - Banc of America: Okay. My last question is, Mark when you walked into the quarter, you were feeling pretty confident about the Notebook segment, and based on everything and your notebook, I mean your PC business in general is down pretty big this quarter, I mean after being down 15% in Q2 and doesn't seem like the PC business was any weaker in Q3 based on Intel's results. So what happened there?
Mark Thompson: There are a couple things. First is, I don't think there is a direct correlation between what goes on in Notebook and what Intel might report.
Eric Ghernati - Banc of America: On the Notebook market in general based on production numbers in Asia was up 26% on a unit basis sequentially.
Mark Thompson: That's not consistent with. Dan, do you have those numbers?
Dan Janson: Go ahead and keep on answering I will figure out you are talking.
Mark Thompson: So I was just saying that the unit volumes that we see are significantly lower than that and so our customers taking down their volume estimates steadily across the third quarter.
Eric Ghernati - Banc of America: So you have no correlation with the performance of the Notebook market. Because again, I ask this because you're normally expecting the benefits from the seasonal growth in notebooks which actually occurred, but you also had expected lot of benefits from new products. And I mentioned quite a few power conversion for adapters, regulators, things like that, so?
Mark Thompson: All the adapter stuff is not reported in our Computing segment, that's reported in our PCIA. If you look at comment that power conversion products were up substantially in the third quarter, that's where all the adapter business is. Maybe I am starting to understand the nature of your question. So that adapter business is reported in PCIA, not in MCCC because the way we partitioned that, and that did grow substantially where we took share. In the regulation side for the notebook itself, we didn't have a significant new product penetration expectations for the third quarter. We were basically just going to be whatever the market turned out to be and the notebook volume estimates were pulled down as I said every single month across the quarter. Dan, do you have those numbers here?
Dan Janson: Yeah. So I guess a couple of comments. On notebook growth, I think the one thing we had to be careful about is that a lot of the growth has been coming at the notebook -- in the notebook models and clearly those guys have a lower power consumption overall. And if you look at our overall--
Eric Ghernati - Banc of America: But [Dan also in] your last quarter, you also said it didn't matter to you where the growth came from, whether it was notebooks or notebooks that you would participate there no matter what. I'm just unclear as to why things have changed in couple of months.
Mark Thompson: Well, Eric, I think we do participate, but obviously there is going to be less power content with a low power notebook.
Eric Ghernati - Banc of America: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Thompson: All right. And as far as our overall computing experience numbers, our computing numbers were down a bit in the second quarter which is seasonal. That's very normal. And in the third quarter, they were roughly flat quarter-on-quarter.
Eric Ghernati - Banc of America: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brendan Furlong from Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: Hi, good morning, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. But going back some questions back two or three questions ago, on the SG&A and R&D looking into '09 and you are saying you get a seasonal bump for bonuses and what have you in Q1. And should we then expect the usual kind of decline from there like we have been seeing this year?
Mark Thompson: That will be the pattern.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: Okay, great.
Operator: And we will take the follow-up question from Craig Ellis from Citi.
Craig Ellis - Citi: Just a follow-up on the operating expense, Mark. The quarter-to-quarter variance was $5 million. You mentioned there were a number of items at play. Can you just give us the order of magnitude of each of those items?
Mark Frey: The equity was $1.9 million. We mentioned in the script about $0.5 million credit that we took in Q3 that won't recur. Then a couple million, $2 to $3 million payroll-related, various related savings. We expect the equity to actually move slightly in the other direction in Q4, but the payroll to continue as we obviously are very careful with headcount spending, plus typical spending controls in travel over time, supplies, etcetera.
Craig Ellis - Citi: Is the payroll savings staff reduction or what is that exactly, Mark?
Mark Frey: It's partly not filling racks, which is staff reduction because almost all of our racks in the non-R&D areas would be in replacement category anyway, but also patterns of vacation and shutdowns.
Craig Ellis - Citi: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we have another follow-up question from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great, thank you. You talked about one of the things that's helping you out here with some new products. Can you talk about new products as a percentage of your mix and how it should change in the next couple of quarters that might help keep margins a little better than in previous cycles?
Mark Thompson: The new product definition that we use, I think is a fairly standard one, which is as a part that's less than three years old. If you look at the MCCC, we've tried to keep that above, we've been migrating that above 50%, toward 60% if you look at our backlog at any given time and we continue to migrate that up. PCIA is the place where you will see the biggest contribution from improvement there, that's been well under 50%. We would seek to migrate it more toward the MCCC model. We have a number of key programs there. Some of them have been starting to hit now. We talked about a couple of those adapter products, particularly like the primary side regulator. That's something that kind of every small power device, cell phone, MP3 player etcetera that would plug into a wall would use one of those and that's a best-in-class solution. So that's a kind of a 2 billion unit sort of a thing, with a footprint that is so small it can be just molded straight into the end plug. So the work just goes away. On the sort of notebook side of that then much more efficient adapters and then in the server space itself, moving to 85% and then 90% efficiency, all of those products will be rolling out across the fourth quarter and then into '09 in the PCIA space. Lighting is very rapidly growing. So in all of advanced solutions in LED and control for fluorescent is also very rapidly growing. So there has been an aggressive refresh that has been going on in those spaces and that will contribute heavily to the progress in '09, sort of regardless of what happens in the market.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. And as you mentioned the Power Integrations lawsuit, I am not sure, I think I saw maybe this morning that they might have refuted sort of your claims that you made there. Could you go into a little bit detail about, is this relatively -- I know you put out a press release a few days, but is this the new different patents that you are going after and what was the timing of when your patents came out that you believe they violated the recent, that they violated or (inaudible)?
Mark Thompson: Well, it's always hard to define a timeline on these things. But if you look at, not only did we acquire a significant portfolio IP when we acquired System General, but that is a very inventive group. They continued to develop a lot of intellectual property and advanced solutions for our power conversion. We concluded what the press release said, which was that IP some of which we had when we acquired the company and some of which they have developed since that some cross-section of the Power Integrations products we believe infringe those patents and as a result filed suit on that. So I don't think there is a lot more that I could comment on specifically.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Finally, it seemed like handset business you said I think was sort of one of your relatively speaking more healthy categories. Is that a comment on or and not demand, or is that you are, I think you are picking up share at, I believe it is Nokia, is that helping you more than the average person shipping into handsets and how is that relationship with that customer going?
Mark Thompson: We can't and won't make any customer-specific comments. But in general, we have been investing heavily to broaden our exposure and contribution to cellular and that continues to move. My comments in general were that the existing market, the volume of cellular that we see has held up better than most of the other volumes in the current degradation of business. So again, we have continued expansion plans for content. And if you look at some of the biggest programs we have hitting 2009 are all concentrated in advanced solutions in handsets. So again, we'll do better regardless of what the handset market does. But so far, relative to say automotive or industrial handset, that has held up better than those other spaces.
Steven Leibiger – Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Operator, that's all we have time for.
Operator: Thank you. Would you like to make any closing remarks?
Mark Thompson: No, that's fine. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference call today. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-17 21:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Citigroup Romit Shah - JPMorgan Steve Smigie - Thomas Weisel Partners Tristan Gerra - FBR Capital John Pitzer - Miller Tabak Deutsche Bank - Craig Ellis Lehman Brothers - Shawn Webster Raymond James - Kevin Cassidy Robert W. Baird - Craig Berger Credit Suisse - Brendan Furlong
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Daniel Janson. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks. Good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor's second quarter of 2008 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's President and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we're attending a few Investor Conferences this quarter, including the Pacific Crest Technology Leadership Forum in Vail, the Citigroup Tech Conference in New York and the Deutsche Bank Tech Conference in San Francisco. Please mark your calendar to attend our Analyst Day event, which is scheduled for September 25th in San Jose. Our management team will review the progress on the company's transition to a higher value analog and power management business. We will review our end markets, key new products and operations plans to drive higher margins. We'll also update our financial target model. We will start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our second quarter financial results and discuss our forward guidance for the third quarter of 2008. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets, and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Now, Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we filed with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures, because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains 2008 Q2 fact sheet, an updated financial section with updated unaudited financial highlights, including detailed break-outs of segment and regional revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA. Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you had a chance to read our earnings press release, so I'll just focus on the key points. For the second quarter of 2008, Fairchild reported sales of $418.7 million, up 3% sequentially and 2% higher than the second quarter of 2007. We also reduced channel inventory by nearly a week and internal inventory by five days during the quarter. Gross margin was down 160 basis points from the prior quarter, due to a greater than expected inventory drain, higher energy related costs and a slightly less favorable mix. The higher sales allowed us to sell off more of the inventory that we produced when our factories were underloaded in Q1, and that had a negative impact on Q2 gross margins, but positions us for improvement in Q3. These factors were partially offset by greater new product sales. R&D and SG&A expenses were $88.9 million, down $1 million from the prior quarter and better than our expectations due to continued cost discipline and a reduction in equity compensation expenses. We recorded an $11.3 million charge related to restructuring and asset impairments as we continue to streamline our cost structure. The majority of these charges were related to various asset impairments, including some non-industry standard packaging capacity and simplification of our supply chain planning systems. We also adjusted the workforce mix in our main fab as we converted to a more automated and technologically advanced 8-inch wafer production process. Finally, we reduced headcount in certain sales and marketing activities in the U.S., to further streamline our SG&A costs. We expect these actions to save us about $7 million per year beginning with a partial impact in Q3 and full impact by Q1, 2009. Net interest and other expenses were $6.3 million in the second quarter, which includes about $400,000 in non-recurring expenses related to the refinancing of our convertible bonds. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 13.3% in the quarter, which was higher than our GAAP tax rate because the calculation of the adjusted rate excludes certain discrete tax benefits that were included in our GAAP results. Now I would like to review second quarter highlights of our sales and gross margin performance for each of our product groups. In our PCIA group, sales increased 8% from the prior quarter due to strong demand for our high voltage MOSFETs, IGBTs, SPMs, PWM controllers and power factor correction products. Gross margin decreased 3 points sequentially due primarily to greater-than-expected sales, which cleared more of our high cost inventory build when factories were underloaded, plus limited pricing actions towards some high-voltage MOSFETs and ramp up costs related to our in-sourcing programs. Our MCQ [ph] group recorded a 3% sequential decrease in sales as we undershipped distributor sellthrough, resulting in about a one-week decrease in channel inventory. Sales were also impacted by some limited pricing actions for MOSFETs, primarily in the Desktop PC segment and lower-than-expected micro-SerDes shipments. Gross margin was flat sequentially, which reflects our richer product mix offsetting the impact of selling off higher-cost inventory. Standard Product Group sales were up 5% and gross margin was down 80 basis points compared to the prior quarter due to inventory write-offs, lower factory loadings, as well as some pricing pressure. Reviewing our balance sheet, we reduced internal inventories by $8.6 million resulting in about a five-day decrease from the prior quarter to less than 75 days. We continue to maintain one of the leanest inventory levels in the industry. DSOs decreased two days to 41 days. Cash and marketable securities decreased $28.8 million to $436.3 million in the second quarter, which reflected cash flow from operations of $83.4 million, capital spending of $57.9 million and the use of $50 million to reduce overall debt. During the quarter, we successfully refinanced our $200 million in convertible debt by borrowing an additional $150 million under our existing senior credit facility and using $50 million in cash. This transaction went very smoothly and we were pleased with the significant level of oversubscription we received from investors. Turning now to our forward guidance, we expect third quarter revenue to be up 2% to 5%. At the start of the quarter, we had more than 90% of the sales guidance booked and scheduled to ship. We expect gross margin to increase a 150 to 225 basis points sequentially as we benefit from higher factory loadings, better product mix and more assembly and test in-sourcing. We expect R&D and SG&A expenses to be approximately $89 million to $92 million and net interest and other expense to be about $5.5 million for the third quarter. Now I will turn the call over to Mark Thomson.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Thanks Mark. Fairchild delivered above seasonal sales growth in Q2 and we expect to do so again this quarter, as we gained share at a number of key customers with our higher valued analog and power management products. Our Q3 guidance reflects this acceleration in new product sales in addition to the normal seasonal strength in our served markets. In addition to the solid top line performance, we expect to gain additional margin and earnings leveraged as the cost reductions from our package in-sourcing program and investments in advance silicon based technologies are reflected in second half results. In my remarks today, I'll review the demand environment for our major end markets as well as a number of the significant new products and design wins that are driving the sales growth. End market demand was consistently strong during the quarter. We posted the highest order rates for our products that support computing, handset and power supply end markets. Our sales into the OEM channel were up 18% from a year ago, driven primarily by the new product sales and we expect this trend to continue into the second half of '08. We're focused on growing this OEM portion of our business by offering higher value analog and power management products coupled with a responsive global supply chain that can support the needs of these rapidly growing large customers. In our distribution channel, sell through is up more than 3% sequentially in Q2, which resulted in nearly a one-week reduction in channel inventory, putting us around the midpoint of our target range. Overall product pricing was down between 1% to 2% sequentially which remains at a reasonable level. We held lead times in the stable 7 to 8 weeks during the quarter and expect to maintain this level during Q3. Factory utilization improved during the quarter as we adjusted starts to meet improving demand. Turning now to our product line results. The PCIA group reported strong sales growth in the second quarter driven in part by greater new product sales for SPMs and power conversion products. We increased the shipments of our SPM products by more than 25% sequentially as we achieved another record sales for the quarter. Our Suzhou facility made good progress increasing capacity for these products to support the strong customer demand. Customers are increasingly adopting our SPM solutions to simplify their transition to variable speed motors, which greatly improves energy efficiency, particularly in appliances. We continue to expand our market for these products as we increase our penetration into lighting, e-bikes and industrial applications in addition to our extensive product portfolio for motor control and appliances. We recorded solid sales growth and a significant jump in bookings for our power conversion solutions used in a wide variety of power supply, battery charger and lighting applications. Fairchild is the largest supplier of advanced power conversion and power factor correction solutions in the world and we are benefiting from strong demand from customers seeking to improve their system efficiency. We also posted an 8% sequential increase in high voltage MOSFET and IGBT sales and even greater bookings due in part to new silicon based technologies that improve performance while reducing die size. We expect to ramp these new product over the next four to six quarters and we believe it will allow us to penetrate new sockets at high margins. In the MCQ group, we increased our sales into the analog solutions targeted to the handset and ultraportable market by 35% versus a year ago and expect this growth to continue during the second half of 2008. Our fastest growing product line in this segment is our new high frequency voltage regulators. We grew sales of these high-performance voltage regulators significantly compared to the previous quarter as we increased our penetration at a key handset customer. We expect to increase sales for these products throughout the second half. We gained a number of design wins for our analog switches that we expect will drive significant sales growth in 2009 and 2010. Our USB switches continue to be a preferred solution for the top handset manufacturers as they move to standard Micro-USB connectors. Sales for our latest video filters for set-top box applications continue to be strong as we benefit from the ongoing worldwide conversion to digital television. We posted robust bookings for our low voltage MOSFET solutions that are optimized for notebook PC applications and entered Q3 with a strong backlog position. In our standard product group, we recorded another record sales quarter for our innovative family of logic translators. Sales were up more than 60% sequentially as we extended our design wins and expanded our output. Our strategy for FPG continues to be run the business for strong profitability and cash flow while augmenting sales with higher margin new products like logic translators. In summary, I believe the second half will mark a real inflexion point for Fairchild, with solid sales margin and earnings growth driven by new products. Our focus on growing our share at key large OEMs is also driving higher sales growth. We expect the investments we made over a year ago to reduce product costs, through greater assembly and test in-sourcing and develop new silicon based solutions will pay off in higher margins in Q3 in Q4. These actions are largely within our control and for this reason we feel confident in guiding for above seasonal sales and margin improvement for the third quarter. Thanks, and back to you Dan.
Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks Mark, we'll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up please, thanks. So, let's take the first question. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys, and congrats on the strong results. Just wondering in the outlook, if you could give us a little bit of granularity by the three product segments you have and then maybe a little bit of end market color looking forward as opposed to the color you gave so far that was about the second quarter looking back?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Okay, Ross. So, in terms of the granularity, the strength anticipated for the second half as reflected in our guidance for the third quarter is really pretty broadly based. If you look at the big chunks of things that are really driving the results, one is notebook computing, which is strong and we have a very good set of products, both power conversion products for adaptors, as well as regulations... board-level regulation for those. If you look at the SPM space, which goes into a wide variety of appliances, there is enormous conversions going on out there from standard AC solutions to DC motor solutions, and efficiency standards are flowing through those that's really driving SPM. And our content and penetration of handset has also been a big part of that. So, those would be the sort of the big three legs of the progress.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Then I guess switching over to the gross margin side of things, it appears like there's a lot that's under your control with mix and cost cutting, how do those keep or slowdown in their impact as we head into the fourth quarter? Do we have the similar sort of benefits that are under your control or how should we generally think about gross margin there?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, Ross, you are not going to trick me into guiding the fourth quarter. You're good but not that good. So we have a... there is really obviously two sets of things that work; a steady improvement in the quality of our mix and we have plans that prove [ph] that quality through this year and across 2009. Obviously, counterbalancing that... and we see those things as inside our ability to control. Clearly, everyone in the industry has been absorbing big costs in energy, it takes a lot of electricity to run a fab. We had big shipping surcharges. Gold has been very high. Metals and plastics in general have gotten very expensive. We are able to offset those. So, if they stay within some reasonable range, then we will more than be able to offset those going forward. But again, if you look at gold, it's been incredibly volatile, we buy a lot of it. And so that can either be a positive or a negative and will, for everyone, create a certain amount of extra challenge in predicting the out space because if gold goes to $1500 an ounce then it's going to be a different look than if it falls back to the $750.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: The in-sourcing loss will turn a ramp linearly through the middle of next year.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Ellis from Citi.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thank you. Nice job on the revenues guys. The first is a clarification, the comments on second quarter demand was that you had consistent strength, so I am trying to reconcile that with gross margin, which came in below the company's guidance. How do I put those two together?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well, Craig as we shipped more than we originally planned, we depleted inventories. And the inventories are sort of on a FIFO basis. So the inventory that we build up was at Q1 costs and so the average cost per unit is higher. We flushed more of than out during Q2 and that leaves now a relatively more favorable unitized cost going into Q3. Then there was some more than expected pricing factors in our MOSFETs, some ramp-up costs in Suzhou for the in-sourcing. But most of the impact was really the velocity with which we roll those inventory costs.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: And for the Suzhou impact, is that something that is behind you now or is that going to impact the third quarter's gross margins?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That will also improve linearly, we've already seen improvements at the yield and the throughput level. And actually started in Q1 and had an impact on Q1, as we ramp production it impacted Q2, but we've seen that come under control.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay, so then my question would be, Mark is... Mark Frey, as we think about the 150 to 225 basis points of third quarter gross margin guidance, how does that really break out between utilization mix and the back-end in-sourcing that you are doing and what was the manufacturing utilization rate in 2Q and what do you expect it to be in 3Q?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Dan, why don't you handle the utilization and I'll do the gross margin.
Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations: The utilization Craig was up slightly, in the second quarter and we think it will be fairly stable, maybe up a little bit more in the third quarter.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: And that kind of drives about half or even a little more than half of that margin. So, utilization is a little stronger but what you are really seeing is that the utilizations in Q2, which were stronger than or higher than Q1. Those parts actually end up as expenses in Q3 and that will drive the marginal improvement. And then we have the rest of it for mostly product mix improvements.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. So in the past, the utilization has increased at about 2x the rate of gross margin when revenues are growing that... the magnitude that we are looking at as we move into the third quarter?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I am not sure...
Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations: I don't know that... I don't know that we would see that big an increase, Craig. I think... keep in mind that for the... from the peak to the trough of this life cycle, our sale is roaming down 5 or 6 points. So we aren't seeing the big swings in factory loadings that we've seen in years past, things run a little more stably now and that's reflected in our utilization.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. Helpful color. Thanks guys.
Operator: And we will move onto Romit Shah from Lehman Brothers.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just a clarification on the Q3 guide, the less than 10% turns, is that lower than what you guys typically do in the quarter and are you... are you just factoring in the environment into the overall equation?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: No. Typically, we come in with setting guidance at around... assuming a 90% fill and... or 90% filled and scheduled at the beginning of the quarter. So that's a fairly normal posture for us to take.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: And obviously, the low end of the guidance is set by some accounting for the uncertainties of the current economic environment.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just on operating cash flow Mark, I saw that it improved quite significantly in the quarter, were there any one-time items impacting operating cash flow and would you expect it to grow again in Q3?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well, the biggest item... there are a couple of big items. The contribution from working capital was 29 million, that obviously can go in different directions. It certainly reflected the inventory controls and the reduction in our accounts receivable, but it also reflected about a $19 million increase in accounts payable, which is typical because we had our highest capital expense related to the in-sourcing. This quarter, it was $57.9 million, and a good bit of that is still sitting in accounts payable. So that will flip depending on the amount of capital investment in Q3 and we expect Q3 to continue at about that level, and then we think capital spending, depending on other programs, would level off or come down. If we deliver the results and continue the asset management, we certainly won't repeat an $83 million cash flow from operations, but I think we can keep it positive
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: And actually free cash, we can keep positive as well.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Right. Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll move onto Shawn Webster from JPMorgan.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. The restructuring charge, can you go into a little bit more detail on what that is in terms of the percentage breakdown between a asset impairment versus expectations for headcount reductions and maybe share with us your thoughts on how you think it will evolve in Q3 and Q4?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Sure, Shawn. From the $11.3 million, about 8... almost $8 million of it was for impairments, and they covered two general areas. One was the series of production equipment that was related to some customized packaging that we had developed and we are moving more towards standard packaging in some of those applications. We also improved our planning processes. Previously, it was a fairly complicated IT structure that required actually three engines to run it, and we could only run it about once a week. We streamed that partly because we've reduced and simplified our product line, but we've also simplified our planning processes, which allowed us to move to a single engine, which we can now run multiple times per week to improve overall scheduling. And I think you see that reflected in our improvements in cycle time over time. That required us to write off software that had been specifically written to allow the system to run on three engines. Then about $4 million or $3.5 million was related to headcount reductions. The biggest was in May and about 80 people, but we also reduced sales and marketing structures in the US by about ten people.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Okay. And do you expect any charges in Q3 and Q4?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We continue to look at opportunities to reduce spending and right now, we're particularly looking at some logistics ideas that would not be of the kind of magnitude we saw in Q2. But we... our approach particularly to below the line spending is to continue to improve it wherever we see opportunities, and you've seen we've done IT at some points, we've done sales and marketing, we've had some decreases in finance, and we don't really try to time them as one big event.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you. And the last question from me is on what percentage of your sales were to OEM customers and did you have a 10% customer this quarter?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: So, first, we do not have any 10% customers at this point and the exact percent to OEM was just under 40%.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: 39?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: In the... in the high 30s.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll go next to Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great. Thanks a lot and congratulations on the solid revenue here. I think maybe you talked a little bit about CapEx and you answered the cash flow question, but just looking at it, it was about 14% of revenue, I think you guys had said [inaudible] something closer to 8% of revenue, CapEx expending, is that investment, the in-sourcing or can you help me understand that spending and I’ll come back?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes. Our strategic goal is between 6% and 8% and we operated pretty much at the midpoint of that goal from '05 through '06. When we instituted the in-sourcing program, we guided that we would be in more of the 8% to 9% for a year or two and then get back into our strategic goal, which we believe is possible obviously if we have unexpected sales growth in certain areas that actually might drive higher, but we don't expect. We believe we can live within that range after we get the in-sourcing back up to about 65% of capacity.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: But maybe to add one more point to Mark's comment Steve is that the quarterly expenditures are not... they tend not to be linear. So, they are a bit lumpier and so there was a larger than average one in the second quarter and that's why the percent is the one that you see, but on the numbers that Mark put out would be what you... roughly what you would expect for the year.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. That makes sense. On the Smart Power Modules, saw some pretty nice growth there, can you talk a little bit about the appliances, I know you’ve traditionally a lot of air conditioning stuff, is this more sort of a show up on refrigerators, stuff like that, and can you talk about more... in some more depth about some of the newer areas you are going after with those?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Sure. So, there is a couple of pieces. So air conditioning continues to be a very strong area and continued conversion from sort of the old ways to the new. There are some very interesting things. So the proliferation of D.C. motors in some very… other places like HVAC and fans in general have been relatively slow to convert. And so something like a clean room fan can pay back inside... inside a 12 month. So we are just seeing application by application turnover, something as relatively mundane as a ceiling fan has hundreds of millions units that are sold every year and you have multiple benefits associated with converting to D.C. motors because the motor gets much smaller, reduces copper costs, easier to design, lighter, easier to hang from the ceiling, and we deliver turnkey solutions into those where you... typically your manufacturer doesn't have any ability to engineer with a D.C. motor. So those... it's a very broad, very relatively fragmented market, but huge end volumes.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay, thanks. And just a couple of housekeeping if I could. Could you give us some guidance on what the option expense will be in Q3 and what the tax rate will look like in Q3 and going forward tax rate?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Sure. The equity compensation expense will be slightly less than it was in Q2, but we expect them to stay kind of at the levels they are at now in the $5.5 million to $6 million range going forward. And the tax rate, again, that... that's something that varies quarter to quarter, but across the year, we view that as about on an adjusted basis 15%.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: All right. Thanks a lot and congratulations.
Operator: Our next question today is Kevin Cassidy from Thomas Weisel Partners.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning. Thanks. You mentioned special pricing on some MOSFETs, is there some additional ASP pressure in the market?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: So... I probably wouldn't generalize it as that. There were some specific places where we wanted to gain socket position for next-generation technologies, and we felt we could support the capacity, so we went after those sockets. So it was more of a targeted approach than a sort of general pricing ugliness, the pricing in aggregate was, I would say, right in the middle of average.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Can you say what that is, what is the average?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: It's 1% to 2%, and for the quarter, it was exactly in the middle of that at 1.5%, sequentially down.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. How about turning to the channel inventory, do you expect that to continue to come down in the third quarter?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That's... that's typically the pattern because of the computing demand that peaks at the POS level in Q3. So we saw that last year and that would be our typical seasonal model.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: And what are the weeks of inventory in the channel right now?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: We were right in the middle of our 10 to 12 range, so in the 11-ish range.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Tristan Gerra from Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Good morning. Looking at gross margin and trying to quantify the impact of various factors. How should we quantify the benefit of in-sourcing which you said would ramp linearity through mid of next year in terms of gross margin benefit with everything else equal? And also what material pricing impact of for Q3, you mentioned that was offset because of an increase in gross margin, how will we quantify this as well?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Okay, Tristan, now we’ve said in the past that our in-sourcing, our currently identified programs is about 1.5% impact on the company's margins obviously, in the areas where we are specifically in-sourcing is a much larger number. But to make it easier for people we've averaged it against the total company business. In terms of commodities, we view that as about 1 point to 1.5 point headwind that we've incurred so far. It really depends on what happens with gold and the speed with which we convert our designs from gold to copper. And so we feel, we've kind of mitigated that going forward, number one we're... we are sort of planning in the mid-900 range, which is baked into our guidance. And so unless gold falls north of that, we are probably okay. And now the last factor is currencies which most of them moved against us last year. But I'd say, so far this year in Malaysia, Korea and the Philippines, they've actually moved back a bit. You don't see the results in our operations because we hedge those currencies at least for near term result, but we should have some modest tail winds from that going into the second half.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Great and then a quick follow-up, there has been some stories around about Samsung potentially reducing inventories. What's your view on that and maybe generalizing the comment it was some other key customers in terms of their inventory report for the second half of the year?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: So I really couldn't even if I wanted to provide any specific color on our any particular customer. In general, people in the consumer space, whether you're talking handsets or computing, are constantly adjusting their build plans in response to the things that are selling versus the things that are not selling. So I think that all of our big OEMs in general maintain minimal inventory and have very sophisticated planning systems and allow their suppliers’ visibility into what it is that they want to buy. So the adjustments that they make are... they are really constant to build plans and that is one of the things that, again, we are focused very intensely on... Mark talked about the single planning engine before. So the moment we see a change in the build plan, we can... we see it prior to actual chain movement in the backlog and we blow it through our planning system. So those things are constantly ongoing and I think we've constructed a planning engine that does a pretty good job of keeping up with those so that we can move from one part number to a different part number as their build plans shift.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Right. Thank you.
Operator: And we will move onto Craig Berger from FBR Capital.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So you said the in-house assembly tests will drive gross margins up by a 1.5, did you... on the restructuring piece, you said the $7 million a year of savings most of that is going to be in the COGS, is that the right way to think about that?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes, I would say about $5.5 million above the line and a $1.5 million below.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: And so that is an annual savings number, right?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: [inaudible] basis points.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: I see. Okay. Thanks for the clarification on that. And then did you say that your internal inventories were going to grow in the third quarter or what are they going to do?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We're going to target them to stay about where they are now.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: About flat?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Now we did that going into Q2 as well. So we were biased towards shrinking them, but we also have seasonal factors in some of our product lines, which generally cause us try to build inventories in some applications in Q2. And in other applications, we build inventories in Q3.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: And on the – back to the gross margin, so 1.5 from the assembly tests, two or three points from the restructuring actions you just announced, that is 4 points. And so, we think about that as being incremental to the guidance you gave us for September?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Craig 25 basis points for the restructure.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Not two to three.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: And everything in our horizon is baked into our guidance.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Okay. So basically a couple of points of gross margin opportunity expansion over the next few quarters from these results. What do you guys have in store to kind of get beyond that, or to close the gap versus your 37% target model? I know revenue growth is a part of that as well.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes. There is a series of things. We continue to see that this wave of in-sourcing is not the last wave of in-sourcing that we will do. Again, we've tried... we are trying to do these things in a very orderly way and also not get too far ahead of ourselves in terms of our capital expenditures. So we certainly expect and are planning on another wave of in-sourcing activities for 2009. There is a very rich set of new products really across our key end markets that we'll be seeing rolling out across 2009. And again, we... as we've continued to simplify our business, we find opportunities to run it more efficiently, getting share and also reducing our cost, which a lot of the things like the planning engines wind up above the gross profit line. So, it's really a steady process where, again, on the part number side for example, we've gone over a three-year time from almost 50,000 part numbers down in the mid-teens for example. The piece volume, our ASPs have gone steadily up, that reduces our need for warehouse space. So there is a whole set of these things, each of which has a trigger point that we can then go back and find means for efficiencies, and we see no end in sight to that continued transformation.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Can you guys give us an update on the lowest 8% of your revenues, what is going on with that bucket?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Could you please restate that? I want to make sure I answered your question...
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Yes. I believe it's the Standard Products Group or the bottom 8% of your revenues, the lowest margin piece of your business, are you guys still keeping that maybe looking to solid... there is buyers out there, there are not buyers out there?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: There are definitely buyers out there. We are actively exploring and have been for the last couple of months, some potential to move slug [ph] at the low end as you call it come to a new more strategically appropriate home. We have a very clear picture of what the cash value of those businesses are to Fairchild and so the moment we have a transaction that delivers that or more to the company's balance sheet, then we will pull the trigger on those. So we are being quite active in exploring, there is interest in that space, and when we find the one that's above the hurdle we'll pull the trigger on it, and announce it at that time.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: One more on the revenue growth stuff, you guys were talking about a lot of new products for next year, I know the semi industry has been a slower growing industry, it's been a tougher market [inaudible] point or two last year, you'll do the same this year. Should we expect faster revenue growth as a results of your new products next year. And if we don't see it, does that make you start to question your… whether your operating expenses are too high, and I just say that in light of the fact that you guys are spending $90 million a quarter now, you were spending $65 million a quarter back in '05.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: So, a couple of… couple of questions. So, the first simple answer is categorically we expect our growth rates to increase, both because the business reduction, so cutting off the low end of… is the end is inside for that. Putting significant new programs in place has a pretty long time constant [ph] it's easier to -- faster to shed revenue basically than it is to add it on. And so we also have definitely seen an acceleration in a number of key segments and we expect that to continue. So, again, it's all relative to what the market does. I also, and again, this is an original thought, that the space that we are targeting is, and will be the fastest growing space in the semi industry. Again, if you de-convolve the overall market, the impact of memory tends to swing the overall numbers a lot. Where as if you look at the sort of targeted analog plus discrete power management application specific ASICs and that sort of thing, it's expected to grow in the close to 10% per annum range over the next five years if you look at most of the views of the world and certainly our own insight into those is very consistent with that. Finally, on the OpEx piece, we've articulated pretty consistently that we want to migrate to a 20% of sales OpEx structure, which is quite lean for the quality of the business that we're targeting, and we're currently, for this quarter --
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Slightly over 21%.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Slightly over 21%. So it's not a huge reach. When… if you look at our reported results, we have to be a little bit careful, because in 2005, we paid no incentives in any form in the company. So as a result, OpEx looks uncharacteristically low as a result of that.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Nor did we expense equity.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Right. So you have to make both of those corrections when you compare. In general, our OpEx structure has stayed constant as we've ramped R&D and taken down SG&A.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Thank you.
Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations: Let's go ahead and move on to the next question.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just kind of curious, I think I thought you said that the low end of your guidance for September incorporates some conservatism around the macro. I guess in that, can you help me understand what you view as sort of normal seasonal going into the September quarter, because by our numbers, the low-end of your guidance is still above normal seasonal and I'm just kind of curious as what the offsets are? Is it low inventory, is it product cycles you expect to kick in the back half of the year? If you can get a little bit more detail, I'd appreciate it.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: So, if you average the last three years, it's about 2% sequential. But as we've commented in the past, we were a little bit about using history, because we've changed our operating model a lot. And so we've often seen swings that may not have been truly seasonal. If we look at the typical build plans for our biggest customers and the growing segments, the third quarter is a pretty strong quarter in terms of demand profile. And so there is some shifts. So if you look at the low-end as being a three-year average for us, but given the mix that we've got and the programs that we've won and the new accounts that we've added and the breadth in cellular and some other things, to say that we would expect to do average, it actually reflects quite a level of conservatism. So it's… the way to think about it is it averages 2%, the upside is a large set of well-defined orders on the book, new sockets and new products with the counter balance being the unknowable which is, to the extent to which the global markets may deteriorate. So, in terms of macro moving parts that’s the way to think about how we set the low end of guidance.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: I appreciate that guys. I guess my second question both you and the channel did a good job on the inventories in the June quarter. I apologize if I missed this, but any expectations you want to give out for September relative to either your balance sheet or what you think inventories would do in the channel in the September quarter?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: So, a couple of things is... roughly speaking, we are in very healthy shape. So, we don't have any over arching inventory goals. So the internal is right on target and the external is right in the middle of the range. And so to a large extent, we define ranges on those because there is a whole series of things that change opportunities that occur and it may move up a little bit and it may move down. And we wouldn't considered either of those to necessarily be events, I guess is what I would say. We've worked very hard to manage our inventories in a pretty tight range. Having said all that, the average for us in the third quarter over a couple of year period is to see channel inventories actually go down. And that's most heavily concentrated in computing and particularly heavily concentrated in notebook, which has quite a large third and then fourth quarter build. So, we do a certain amount of inventory staging in the first half of the year to try to smooth out production levels and so forth. So, inventory in those tends to be a bit high in the first-half and then get drawn down in the second half. So, again it's more likely to go down than up but I would say as we've done for the last ten quarters it will be maintained and controlled, which is a 11 plus or minus one weeks in the channel.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And then my last question here, I understand the positive impact of mix going forward. I'm just kind of curious, I think you... cited energy cost as being one of the drags on margins in the June quarter. I'm kind of curious relative to the input costs and/or utilization levels, what the ASP outlook would be for the back half of the year. Are you… do you have the ability to raise pricing, either offset input costs or because cyclically utilization rates are at the level where you start to do that?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: So, I think the simple articulation I would make is that there is very... very little ability at this stage to raise prices in response to an energy cost or something like that, there is a pretty broad end market and pretty strong... a lot of the businesses is defined by contracts and such so... so again, it’s… if it softens a bit it's a benefit that we get and don't have to give back and if it gets worse, it's one that we have to eat.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question is from Brendan Furlong from Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my call. I just have one quick question related to the industrial end markets. A nice bump on a sequential basis. How sustainable do you expect that to be in the back half? I understand handsets and notebooks are going to be a nice growth market for you, but how sustainable do you think the industrial end market will be for you? And then kind of related question then on the PCIA gross margins, the majority of the margin increase in Q3 is going to come from the PCIA? Thank you.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: So a couple of things. We expect the industrial piece to be quite strong in the second half, again, driven sort of by two macros, is a great set of product portfolios that really have come together by the combination of our historic power conversion business, plus the acquisition of System General, that's going extremely well, and we are winning sockets for example, advanced lighting, there is a number of places that are growing very rapidly. Advanced lighting and some of the comments that I made earlier on conversion to D. C. motors, plus general drive for efficiency everywhere, is having those to be very, very attractive business and we expect growth to actually accelerate in the second half of the year in those places and then yes, we do expect particularly strong gross margin improvement in the PCIA space versus the second quarter.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: You can't quantify the... call it the 200 basis point movement for sake of argument, much [ph] of that is PCIA?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well, I am not going to do that by segment, but all segments, we're looking at margin improvements, modest in FPG, the most in PCIA and MCQ is also pretty good, but less on a percentage basis in PCIA.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: Understood. And then I guess my last question. On the notebook side, Intel noting that low-end notebooks are growing particularly fast, does it make any difference to you guys low end versus high-end notebook?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: No. No.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: Thank you very much.
Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations: Okay. Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: And that question will be a follow-up question from Craig Ellis from Citi.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thanks. I'll try and make it quick. The questions are both for Mark Thomson. Mark, one, are acquisitions still on the table given the capital commitments to grow the packaging side of the manufacturing footprint? And secondly, we are all concerned about deceleration at a macro level, overall your business looks like it’s seeing solid order trends, but are you seeing any geographic pockets of weakness as you look around the globe?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: So... Craig, first on acquisitions, we absolutely remain what I'll call attitudinally acquisitive and it can so.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Good one.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: So Pete Groth who runs our business development has an… for example drove the System General acquisition. He looks at lots and lots of things and certainly there are a number of things out there that could make sense. And so we are actively kicking the tires any given time on several things. There is.. as we all know it’s a kind of an interesting market. Valuations are down quite a bit. On the other hand, nobody wants to accept their reduced valuation. And so, that's not hard to understand. So things look much more affordable than they were, but everybody thinks well, I will be back in six months time. So, it's an interesting market from that point of view. Clearly, in the cellular space for example, every single major handset manufacturer wants a tighter set of suppliers there. And so, there are a number of interesting opportunities for small companies that don't really have or they are too small to have a viable future in those markets that will need to become part of bigger entities. So, there is a number of strategic drivers that will definitely act to consolidate. We have one of our goals, obviously is to be one of those consolidators and we believe we have the financial wherewithal to go do that. Our recent debt event was very favorable, very heavily oversubscribed. So, we feel confident in our ability to raise money in the event of specific thing coming together to go do that. The second part of your question?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes, the capital spending commitments. So Craig, we have been managing to lower our net debt over the course of the investments we have been making in in-sourcing. So, although we're spending slightly more than our targeted average, we still are staying ahead of that in cash flow. And these are the kind of investments that also have very quick paybacks. So, I view acquisitions as more of a strategic horizon and the paybacks on some of these programs is in the 1.5 year range.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: And then your question on the macro environment and what sort of structure we see to that, it's very difficult to divine any pattern. We've certainly tried and if we would take any of our large global OEMs, we have just no visibility into where when somebody makes a cell phone, who, is it a European or is it an American, is it a Chinese that buys that phone? We just don't have that visibility. And all of them are very, very global markets. And so, it's… again it's very difficult to divine any particular pattern to any softness that might exist.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. So, overall you're not seeing any areas of weakness in the order book that would be related to some of the headwinds that we've seen, higher oil prices or some of the credit conditions in the U.S.?
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: No, we have not
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks guys.
Mark S. Thompson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President: Okay. Thanks.
Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks Craig.
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions today. And that does conclude our conference call. We thank you for joining us today

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Rizvi – Director of IR Donald Colvin – EVP, CFO and Treasurer Keith Jackson – President and CEO 
Analysts: Craig Ellis – Citigroup Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets Romit Shah – Lehman Brothers Chris Danely – JPMorgan Ramesh Misra – Collins Stewart Steve Smigie – Raymond James John Pitzer – Credit Suisse First Boston Steve Park – Wedbush Morgan Securities 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Laurie and I'll be your conference operator. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the ON Semiconductor first quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed to mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Ken Rizvi. You may begin your conference. 
Ken Rizvi:  Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor's first quarter 2008 conference call. I'm joined today by Keith Jackson, our CEO, and Donald Colvin, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.onsemi.com and will be available for approximately 30 days following this conference call, along with our earnings release for the first quarter of 2008. The script for today's call is posted on our Web site and will be furnished via a Form 8-K filing. Our earnings release and this presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measures under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted separately on our Web site in the Investor Relations section. In the upcoming quarter, we will present at the JP Morgan Technology Conference on May 19, the Cowen and Company Technology and Media Conference on May 28, and the FBR Investor Conference on May 29. We'll also be hosting our Annual Analyst Day in Phoenix on May 19. During the course of this conference call, we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, expect, plan, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. Important factors relating to our business, including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, are described in our Form 10-K, and other filings with the SEC. The Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors. Now, let's hear from Donald Colvin, our CFO, who will provide an overview of first quarter 2008 results, Donald? 
Donald Colvin:  Thank you, Ken, and thanks to everyone who is joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced their total revenues in the first quarter of 2008 were $421.9 million, an increase of approximately 3% from the fourth quarter of 2007. Total revenues during the quarter included approximately $396.4 million of standalone ON Semiconductor revenues and approximately $25.5 million of revenues from the acquisition of AMIS Holdings, Inc. that closed on March 17, 2008. During the first quarter of 2008, the Company reported GAAP net income of $20.8 million, or $0.07 per share on a fully diluted basis. First quarter of 2008 GAAP net income included net charges of $44.6 million, or $0.14 per share on a fully diluted basis from special items. First quarter 2008 non-GAAP total net income was $65.4 million, or $0.21 per share on a fully diluted basis. On a mix-adjusted basis, average selling prices in the first quarter of 2008 were down less than 2% from the fourth quarter of 2007. The Company's total gross margin in the first quarter was 34.7%. Non-GAAP total gross margin in the first quarter of 2008 was 37.6%. Excluding the impact of the AMIS acquisition, ON Semiconductor had standalone gross margin of approximately 35.7% in the first quarter of 2008. Stand alone non-GAAP gross margin in the first quarter was 37%. ON Semiconductor stand alone GAAP gross margin in the first quarter included a net charge of approximately $5.1 million or 130 basis points from special items. On a stand alone basis, first quarter 2008 gross margin was also impacted by the increase in overall manufacturing costs associated with the weak dollar and increases in direct material costs as anticipated. First quarter stand alone ON Semiconductor non-GAAP net income excluding the acquisition of AMIS was $59.2 million, or $0.20 per share on a fully diluted basis. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $97.2 million. During the first quarter, the Company retired AMIS Holdings' $277 million senior bank facility. After paying off this $277 million of bank facility, we exited the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $308 million or approximately $33 million more than the fourth quarter of 2007. This includes cash acquired at the closing of the AMIS transaction. At the end of the first quarter, total days sales outstanding were approximately 53 days. The increase in day sales outstanding was due to the acquisition of AMIS. In the second quarter, day sales outstanding should normalize in the 40-day range. ON Semiconductor standalone inventory was approximately $224 million, or 80 days. The acquisition of AMIS added approximately $142 million of inventory. Of the $142 million of inventory, approximately $66 million was associated with the write-up to fair value. Based on our second quarter 2008 non-GAAP guidance and adjusting for the $66 million write-up of inventories due to the purchase accounting rules, we would expect that our normalized inventory days should be less than 85 days at the end of the second quarter. Our objective is to run the combined businesses at approximately 78 to 82 days of inventory valued at standard costs. Distribution inventories were down to approximately 10.5 weeks at the end of the first quarter. Cash capital expenditures during the first quarter were approximately $16 million. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment, Keith? 
Keith Jackson:  Thanks, Don. Now, for an overview of our standalone ON Semiconductor end-markets. During the first quarter of 2008, we saw strong growth in our computing end-market, which grew by approximately 5% sequentially and represented 29% of our stand alone ON Semiconductor product sales. The growth in this end-market was helped by our acquisition of the CPU Voltage and PC Thermal Products Group from Analog Devices. During the first quarter, we also saw strength in our stand alone automotive, industrial and networking end-markets. Our standalone automotive end-market revenues grew sequentially by approximately $4 million in the first quarter and represented approximately 17% of stand alone product sales. Industrial represented approximately 12% of product sales and networking grew by approximately $4 million sequentially in the first quarter of 2008 and represented approximately 7% of ON Semiconductor stand alone product sales. In the first quarter of 2008, we saw a slow down in our stand alone Consumer Electronics and Wireless end-markets as anticipated. The Consumer Electronics and Wireless end-markets represented approximately 20% and 15% of the first quarter 2008 ON Semiconductor standalone product sales, respectively. In the Wireless end-market, we saw a significant slowdown from sales to indigenous Chinese handset manufacturers during the quarter, and in the Consumer Electronics end-market, we saw a seasonal slowdown in applications such as MP3 player, game consoles and TVs. During the first quarter on a direct billings basis, no standalone ON Semiconductor product OEM customer was more than 5% of product sales and our top five stand alone product OEM customers were Continental Automotive Systems, Delta, LG Electronics, Motorola and Samsung. On a geographic basis, our contribution this quarter from ON Semiconductor stand alone product sales in Asia, excluding Japan, were down 100 basis points and represented approximately 64% of product sales. Our product sales in the Americas were flat at approximately 17% of product sales. Sales in Europe were up approximately 100 basis points and represented approximately 16% of product sales during the quarter, and sales in Japan were flat at approximately 3% of product sales. Looking across the channels, sales to the distribution channel were up by 200 basis points to approximately 52% of ON Semiconductor Standalone product sales. Direct sales to OEMs were decreased by approximately 100 basis points to approximately 39% of product sales, and the EMS channel decreased by approximately 100 basis points to 9% of product sales. During the first quarter, ON Semiconductor stand alone product revenues broken out by divisions were as follows. The Standard Products Group represented approximately 32% of product sales. The Automotive and Power Regulation Group represented approximately 28% of product sales. The Computing Products Group represented approximately 29% of product sales, and the Digital and Consumer Products Group represented approximately 11% of product sales. We will publish the quarterly revenue, gross margin, and operating margin break out of these divisions in our 10Q filing. Now, I'd like to provide you with some details on other progress we have made. The first quarter of 2008 marks the next phase in the successful transformation of ON Semiconductor. Since December, we have closed on two critical acquisitions that expand our mindshare and market share with leading customers in the automotive, computing, industrial, military and aerospace and medical end markets. We are already seeing the benefits from these acquisitions of utilizing ON Semiconductor's historical strengths in manufacturing, operations, supply chain and sales channels. We are on track to see over $20 million of revenue from our acquisition of the CPU Voltage and PC Thermal Products Group from Analog Devices in the third quarter of this year. These acquired products greatly expand our presence in the computing end-market and specifically with leading notebook customers. The AMIS acquisition, which closed on March 17, accelerates our Analog transformation and rebalances our end-market exposure. The AMIS acquisition expands our engineering, field application and design resources by over 300 people. As promised, we are also delivering on our synergy targets. Since the transaction closed, we already exited the first quarter with a run rate of approximately $6 million in quarterly synergies and are on track to exit this year with synergies north of $12 million on a quarterly basis or approximately $50 million on an annual basis entering 2009. I am also happy to announce that the acquisition is accretive to non-GAAP net income per fully diluted share in the first quarter of 2008. In the computing end-market, we continue to see strong growth of our power management products and integrated solutions including power factor controllers, regulators, multi-phase controllers and MOSFET drivers for desktop, notebook and power supply markets. Our acquisition of Analog Devices CPU Voltage and PC Thermal Monitoring Business has significantly expanded our SAM opportunities. The first quarter of 2008, represented the highest quarterly revenue in the computing end-market in the Company's history and our new power management design wins position us for strong growth in the second half of this year. We've expanded our design wins substantially on the latest generation of desktop motherboards and have moved into a leadership position in desktop power management. As demand for notebook computers increase, we are also well positioned in our Vcore controllers, thermal managers, power regulators and MOSFET families to maximize growth and continue to provide solutions to our customers that optimize battery life and efficiently manage computer peripherals. We are expecting to see significant growth in our notebook power management business in the second half of this year from our new design wins on the most recent notebook platform. In the automotive market, our revenue was up approximately 7% sequentially driven by our continued penetration of infotainment platforms in autos. With our recently acquired custom capabilities from AMI, we can now better service our automotive customers in virtually every major system from power train and safety to lighting and infotainment applications. Wireless end market in the first quarter was down sequentially as expected primarily due to regional softness with the China indigenous customers. As we look into the second quarter, we are beginning to see stabilization in the region's customers. On the positive side, we continue to see expansion of revenue opportunity with four of the five leading global handset vendors driven by our analog switch and circuit protection products and solutions. In the consumer end market, incremental design wins and production ramps in products from GPS navigation to LCD and Digital TV's are expected to contribute to our future growth. Solutions including our new GreenPoint power supply reference design for the digital to analog converter boxes help enable designers to meet the governmental and regulatory requirements of the upcoming conversion from analog to digital TV signals. Our products and solutions continue to win awards within the industry. We recently won first place in the Digital ASSP category of EDN's 18th annual Innovation Awards for our Ezairo Hearing Aid IC, a product from our recent acquisition of AMI. We also continue to win service awards from our customers and global partners including recent awards from customers such as Murata, Asustek-Pegatron and Bennywave, with multi-year Best Supplier awards being awarded from ZTE and Longcheer. Now, I'd like to turn it back over to Donald for other comments and our other forward-looking guidance, Donald? 
Donald Colvin:  Thank you, Keith. Second Quarter 2008 outlook. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels, anticipated manufacturing services revenue decline of approximately $8 million sequentially and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total revenues will be approximately $545 million to $560 million in the second quarter of 2008. Included in our total revenue guidance, is the expectation of sequential product revenue growth of approximately 2% to 6% for ON Semiconductor stand alone, and approximately $150 million of revenue associated with the completed acquisition of AMIS. Backlog levels at the beginning of the second quarter of 2008 were up from backlog levels at the beginning of the first quarter of 2008 and represent over 85% of our anticipated second quarter 2008 revenues. We expect that average selling prices for the second quarter of 2008 will be down approximately 2% sequentially. We expect cash capital expenditures of approximately $40 million in the second quarter, total cash capital expenditures of approximately $130 million for the year. This includes cash capital expenditures from acquisition of AMIS. For the second quarter, we expect GAAP gross margin of approximately 32% to 34%. Our GAAP gross margin in the second quarter will be impacted from the write-up of inventories to fair market value associated with the acquisition of AMIS. We also expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 40% to 41.5%. Non-GAAP gross margin excludes special items of approximately $42 million to $44 million. For the second quarter we also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $136 million to $141 million or approximately 25% of sales, with GAAP SG&A expenses at 12% to 13% and R&D expenses at 11% to 12%. We also expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $124 million to $128 million or approximately 23%. Non-GAAP operating expenses exclude special items of approximately $12 million to $13 million. We anticipate that net interest expense will be approximately $9 million for the second quarter of 2008 and cash taxes to be approximately $4 million. As a reminder, we have over $800 million of net operating losses in the U.S. and expect our cash taxes to average less than $5 million a quarter for the next two years. Taking into account the build up of cash balances over time in the U.S. and offshore, our projected effective tax rate should be approximately 10% to 12% after 2010. We also project to have ample cash to meet our U.S. debt amortization requirement. Our current fully diluted share count is approximately 410 million shares based on stock prices below $10, which includes approximately 396 million of common stock and approximately 14 million shares related to options, convertibles and restricted stock units. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our 10Qs and Ks. With that, I'd like to start the question-and-answer session.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Craig Ellis of Citi. 
Craig Ellis – Citigroup:  Thanks, and good morning, guys. Congratulations on the strong results. The first question, Keith, you mentioned the synergies that you are already starting to harvest, can you just give us a little more color on where that's coming from whether it be cost of goods or the operating expense lines? 
Keith Jackson:  It comes from both. Right now the first couple of weeks that are reported in this quarter, that was more from OpEx savings than COGS, but as we get through the end of the year, I expect the COGS line will be the dominant line – 
Craig Ellis – Citigroup:  Okay. And then as the follow question, we've been looking for the Gresham fab to ramp up with on product this year. Keith, can you give us an update on how we should look at we think about 2Q through 4Q? 
Keith Jackson:  Yes. It should continue to ramp. We have gotten now two of our analog processes in there and we are indeed adding new products every day from the ON portfolio. And so, it's on track from the last comments I made. The acquisitions from AMIS and ADI really kick in Q1. So, everything we've put forward before on the on basis remains intact. 
Craig Ellis – Citigroup:  Thanks, guys. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Craig Berger of FBR Capital Markets. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets:  Hey, guys, good morning. 
Keith Jackson:  Good morning. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets:  Nice job. A few questions here. First of all, on the PC side it looks like even excluding the ADI acquisition that business was flatter, slightly up sequentially in Q1. Could you tell us what's driving that and also talk about some of your SEC investments or Solutions Engineering Center? 
Keith Jackson:  Sure. Yes, we continue to gain share basically in computing without question. In the desktop, we are expecting to have the significant majority of next-generation motherboards that will be ramping in the second half for our Vcore Controllers and continued good penetration on all the other products. So, we are actually pretty excited about that and so, it was flat up for the base business and that was entirely new designs ramping. The SECs have been very successful for us. I'm very excited about that. In each of the areas we put those, the design win count in the new products that flow into those markets have accelerated dramatically. We'll be talking about some of those specifics in numbers in our Analyst Day upcoming presentations. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets:  And then just as a follow up, can you tell us how much cost savings is assumed in your 2Q guidance in COGS and OpEx so we can understand where we are at, what's assumed, and how much we can model on a go forward basis beyond the second quarter? 
Donald Colvin:  It's Donald here. Obviously, as we integrate both the manufacturing structures and the OpEx structures, savings will continue to accrue in the seven manufacturing consolidations that have been planned and that will start to kick-in in the second half. But, I think it is safe to say that the savings we are projecting in the second quarter would be in the $6 million to $8 million a quarter range. And as Keith mentioned in the script, we see it on a $12 million or so third quarter velocity as we exit the year at approximately $50 million in annualized savings. And so, obviously that's a lot data, as you can imagine for us to get our arms around, but we feel pretty comfortable that we can meet these numbers and we'll try and do better. And just to emphasize one of the points that Keith mentioned, is that right now you heard in my script that the foundry services, the manufacturing services business will go down this quarter as we expect, that's the second quarter. The LSI contract is falling off as we projected, but our own business will start to ramp particularly in the second half as more and more of our products are made in Gresham. And parallel to that, we will be closing some of our facilities, in particular, a smaller factory here will close down in the middle of the year and savings for that will start to kick in the second half. So, we have a lot of cost reduction expense saving programs that are active and will start to bear the fruit. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets:  And then just a couple housekeeping questions. The $66 million inventory write-up flows through in the second quarter and how does that progress thereafter? And then also how much was the foundry revenue in the first quarter? 
Donald Colvin:  The manufacturing services in the first quarter, we lumped together. Foundry and manufacturing services was about $22 million. So, I think we know start somewhere in a (inaudible) at least. And as far as the inventory write-up goes that's probably – most of it is going to flow through probably in the first one to two quarters, but you can see that some slow moving parts will be with us for awhile. So, I would not expect to get rid of the remains for at least a year. It just is quite a long half life of that stuff. But, a lot of it should go in the first one to two quarters, but we will still have this write-up with us for awhile. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets:  Thanks a lot. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah of Lehman Brothers. 
Romit Shah – Lehman Brothers:  Hi, yes. Thanks for taking my question. Do you guys still expect to realize $40 million in manufacturing cost savings that's separate from AMI? 
Keith Jackson:  Yes. Our cost reductions there again those plans remain unchanged. They include, as Donald mentioned earlier, the closure of one of our wafer fabs, significant movement from outside boundaries into Gresham, and our normal cost reduction in dye shrink activities globally. 
Romit Shah – Lehman Brothers:  So, just to clarify, we've got about $20 million or so in cost savings from AMI that has not been realized plus an additional $40 million from manufacturing cost savings that will layer in over the next six quarters? 
Donald Colvin:  Yes, but let's not say that. The time period of the additional AMI, let's say of 15 to 20, is probably more in the 18 month time period rather than in the 18 weeks. And then in addition to that, we will have our own savings on, I believe the number is in the region of about $10 million a quarter or $40 million a year. 
Romit Shah – Lehman Brothers:  Right. 
Donald Colvin:  And AMI additional savings would be over the couple two-year period, 15 to 20. Now, the problem is that we cannot really say this is AMI or this is ON because we have consolidated our manufacturing operations – are under one management structure now and both teams are working incredibly effectively together under one organization. So, it will be meaningless to talk of AMI or ON separately, but these are the kind of ballpark numbers that we identified when we were on the road in December, and we don't feel in any way uncomfortable with realizing these numbers. 
Romit Shah – Lehman Brothers:  Okay. And then Keith, it sounds like you are seeing a healthy pick up in your core business. When did orders bottom? Are customers trying to build inventory? Just a bit more color on what is happening. 
Keith Jackson:  Yes. Actually, the inventories as we've alluded to are actually extraordinarily lean. The channel at 10.5 is about as lean as we have ever been, and on an OEM basis, we're not detecting any build at this point. So, what's really happened is, we kept the inventories in a very good range throughout this cycle, customers are now ordering to what we believe to be run rates and, of course, those order rates picked up very nicely in March. We had a very strong March and we had a very strong April for new orders. So, we really think it's demand driven, there's no inventory to burn off, and so you are seeing pretty much manufacturing run rates of our customers. 
Romit Shah – Lehman Brothers:  And is it tied to one particular end market? 
Keith Jackson:  It's not one end market. We are seeing some recovery now in the wireless handsets. We think that that is behind us, and we are seeing good strength in several of the large players there plus the indigenous Chinese starting to order again, that's definitely changed. The computing side building nicely as we would expect for the second quarter, and in general automotive also picking up for us despite some of the turmoil here in North America. 
Romit Shah – Lehman Brothers:  Terrific. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely of JP Morgan. 
Chris Danely – JPMorgan:  Congratulations on making this start to work. Hey, Keith, just to follow along with Romit's question, can you just talk about what you expect from the end markets generally this year in terms of which do you think is better, where are you more concerned, and then how does your end market exposure change with the AMI acquisition? 
Keith Jackson:  So, end market exposure will increase our automotive percentage as we go through time. Very, very strong auto business at AMI. I do think that will be a strong market for ON Semiconductor this year and that's all about new design wins and not about end automotive sales. So, despite the fact I think the automobile sales this year will be flat to down around the world, we do expect to see a very nice gain for ON in our electronic sales there. Computing will also be very, very strong for us as we go through the year. We're expecting significant share gains in the second half with the new platform ramps and our customers. And so, that will be the other market that will look very, very strong from the Company perspective again, yes. And then the balance of the markets I would expect to be seasonal. The consumer-driven markets and consumer-related markets will pick up in the second half, but overall not show the robustness that we talked about in automotive and in computing. 
Chris Danely – JPMorgan:  Got it. And then my follow up for Donald. So, Donald, when the dust has settled, where do you see ON's normalized gross margins and operating margins, and how long do you think it'll take to get there? 
Donald Colvin:  Well, I think we've already shown we believe the dust is moving in the right direction, Chris. We've had some pretty significant headwinds because of the currencies and inflation and that has held us back a little bit, and we announced that on the last call and I know just a lot of other companies addressed the same issues. But, right now the dollar looks like it's stabilizing and hopefully prices are also stabilizing, and we can have a stable environment. So, that the things we can impact through operating efficiencies can drive our margins stronger. But, we are looking between 40% to 41.5% gross margin in the second quarter, that's our guidance, and when you strip out the 1 off in the accounting charges, and as we move forward through the year as business holds up, we should be able to add to that as we ramp up Gresham and we ramp up revenue, as Keith mentioned, adds to our design wins and the strength of the end market. I cannot make a macro call. We only give guidance from one quarter out, but if business holds up as we see from our backlog and then we can certainly add a few points to gross margin as we go through the second half. And as you know, normally the second half shows stronger revenue and stronger gross margin for our business, which is seasonably better in the second half. As far as our longer-term models are concerned, we will present them to you next week. Previously, we stated that we believe we should 45% gross margin Company with an operating income in the 21% to 22% range. I don't see any reason why we should not continue to believe that. Obviously our revenue outlook will be stronger than we had previously indicated because of the acquisitions of both AMI and ADI. So, to answer your question specifically, we believe this business is totally capable of operating 45% gross margin and an operating margin above 20%. 
Chris Danely – JPMorgan:  Perfect. Thanks guys. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ramesh Misra of Collins Stewart. 
Ramesh Misra – Collins Stewart:  Good mornings, guys. Good numbers. My first question is related to the equipment overlap at the AMI side versus your Gresham and Czech fabs. Is there a similar tool set or is it drastically different? 
Keith Jackson:  The AMI, I've to split them into a couple of fabs here. Their 5-inch fab in Belgium looks pretty similar to our other 6-inch mostly bipolar factories. And that will be a very good cornerstone for us as we continue to consolidate that 6-inch platform around the world. The 5-inch does not match anything we have and we have announced we will be closing down that 5-inch factory in Idaho, and then the 8-inch equipment is a generation older than our Gresham factory, so we will consolidate our newest products into Gresham and have that 8-inch factory be our trailing-edge 8-inch factory. 
Ramesh Misra – Collins Stewart:  Okay, great. In regards to your typical trends second half over one half, Keith, you've historically seen and said that you expect 10% to 20% growth. Now with the design wins that you've been seeing lately and, of course, taking into consideration softness, at least in the U.S. markets, do you see yourself potentially being meaningfully away from that guideline? 
Keith Jackson:  This will, of course, be clouded by the acquisitions we've done. So, if I just try and imagine life the way it would have been if we were combined last year and imagine life the way it might be second half next year, I still expect to see unit growth in excess of 10%. Yes, we've got some great design win momentum. We've also got some big unknowns I think in the macro economy. So, I think it's really too soon for me to call substantially more than that at this point, but I'm actually pretty positive that we should see at least normal growth this year despite the macroeconomics. 
Ramesh Misra – Collins Stewart:  Okay. Thanks for that. Can I just get two housekeeping questions for Donald, please? Okay. How much of the contribution from ADI in Q1 and how much cash did you inherit from AMI? 
Donald Colvin:  Well, the contribution we gave on the release on a stand alone non-GAAP basis we were $0.20 and with AMI we were $0.21. So, it was right at $0.21. I think we got approximately – 
Ramesh Misra – Collins Stewart:  I am sorry. That is for ADI, right? 
Donald Colvin:  Oh, from AMI I was giving you. Okay. 
Ramesh Misra – Collins Stewart:  Yes. 
Donald Colvin:  So, from ADI, that's probably – I've got to sort everything out. It's probably roughly $0.01 something in that region. 
Ramesh Misra – Collins Stewart:  And what about in revenues from there? 
Donald Colvin:  And revenues we came in about 15 
Ramesh Misra – Collins Stewart:  Okay. And the cash from AMI? 
Donald Colvin:  About hundred. 
Ramesh Misra – Collins Stewart:  Okay, great. Thanks very much. 
Donald Colvin:  On the cash, we also did some short-term borrowing and we give you all the details on that, I think we have at least over a hundred pages of information. So, we also published (inaudible) for your edification. And so, basically you should look at borrowing and cash as a combined company because we had to pay off about $280 million of AMI debt. 
Ramesh Misra – Collins Stewart:  Got it. Okay, great. Thanks very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie of Raymond James. 
Steve Smigie – Raymond James:  Great, thank you. I was hoping you could help me understand your comments about position on Vcore a little bit better. It sounds like you are saying you believe you would be in a leadership position there. Are you counting that as say on a units basis based on controllers or are you saying if I take revenue of controllers, drivers, sets, add them up, you'll be in the lead that way? Is that –? 
Keith Jackson:  We think we'll be in the lead position in desktop Vcore controllers in the second half. So, we are waiting on our design wins for the latest generation motherboards to start ramping in that May/June timeframe, and we think we'll actually just on Vcore, Steve, be the leader there. 
Steve Smigie – Raymond James:  Okay. And could you similarly give some thoughts on where you'll be on the notebook side? 
Keith Jackson:  Notebook side, we've had virtually no penetration on our Vcore controllers and system controllers last year. It was mostly a (inaudible) business for us last year, and this year, we are projecting some significant ramps in the second half, probably not the number one supplier yet, but certainly significant displacement that will occur in the marketplace for share gains. 
Steve Smigie – Raymond James:  Okay, great. Congratulations on the nice numbers. 
Keith Jackson:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse:  Yes, good morning, guys, and let me add my congratulations. A couple of quick questions. First, any time there's an acquisition there's a level of uncertainty created with the customer base. I am curious how you are managing the AMI customer base and are you worried at all that they are building inventory just as a buffer as just in case? Then I have a follow up. 
Keith Jackson:  Yes. We've been out and we've talked to those customers. In general, the reaction has been that they like the acquisition. They like basically ON Semiconductor's supply chain management, and feel very comfortable with that. And as such, we have not seen any build in inventory there or any dramatic change, frankly, in backlog or order rates beyond what we expect for the end market use. So, we do not believe we are seeing any kind of inventory build up on the AMI side. 
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse:  And, Keith, as you consolidate manufacturing, do you think that will hold or do you think customers might want to take a little bit more inventory as you guys consolidate manufacturing? 
Keith Jackson:  In general, they don't like taking extra inventory. There may be a little bit toward the end of next year when we start getting to the closure phase of those factories. But, upfront I don't expect any changes whatsoever. So, I think we are a year away from any kind of security builds because we've again put timelines on these things of about 18 months. 
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse:  And then last question, Donald, you talked about the foundry services business being down $8 million in June. How does that tail off after that and can you help me understand the gross margin differential between that business and the core business? 
Donald Colvin:  Sure. We always new we had to take or pick [ph] on side with LSI that was going to terminate this year, and they sold us a factory because they were moving to more advanced technology. So, we've always anticipated this. The revenue will probably fall in the second half to $10 million to $12 million per quarter, in that range. The margin on this basically we don't make any profit, it's sold at cost. But the disadvantage of that is it's a very high cash contributor. And so, it's a margin challenge as that revenue comes down. I think the good news is that it's bottoming out and 80% or so of the decline is already baked into the guidance numbers we've given for the second quarter. When I mean 80%, I mean the numbers have come down about 80% from their peak. So, I think that we are now taking up the burden of filling that factory ourselves. The second half of last year, our stocks were more than LSI stocks. As Keith mentioned, we have installed new processes and we are now starting to ramp a lot of our own products in there. And we'll also be building stuff we installed last year for our second half computing ramp. In addition to that, we've identified products from AMI acquisition that'll also start to ramp next year. So, we are feeling that we turned the corner there. Acquiring a huge facility like that has never been an easy challenge, but it puts us in an excellent position to be successful in the markets where we operate. And let me just say one point, that's one thing that's going down well with the AMI customers having that facility helps a lot as far as our credibility is concerned. And we have integrated the manufacturing and technology organizations because AMI's technology roadmap was the same as ours. They may need the same kind of technologies that we were installing in Gresham, and as we mentioned in the script that they have many engineers that will compliment our effort there. So, surely we are underpinning our efforts toward Gresham and help accelerate the ramp of Gresham. 
John Pitzer – Credit Suisse:  Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Wang of Wedbush. 
Steve Park – Wedbush Morgan Securities:  Hi, this is Steve on behalf of Patrick here. Just had a quick question on, is there any end market ASP weakness? Have you guys seen that anything in the quarter there? 
Keith Jackson:  There is no significant differentiate on those end markets from an ASP pressure. They're all looking very similar and relatively benign for our first quarter. Normally our first quarter is the worst quarter of the year. That's when everybody redoes their annual work in addition to the normally quarterly work. So, frankly, it's all looking about the same. 
Steve Park – Wedbush Morgan Securities:  Okay, great. Just one last quick question is, can you update us on the stock buy back program – is there – what's remaining? 
Donald Colvin:  I think right now for the first half of the year of the acquisition, we had to pay down the buying debt we said $280 million or so from AMI. And we now have a certain cash restructuring cost that we are paying in the second quarter. So, I do not think it's fair to talk about immediate action on stock buy back, but we remain attentive and as things settle down, integration progresses well, we will certainly be looking at that in a more benign manner in the second half of the year. Our cash balance will start to build again, and we know we will be able to harvest some other opportunities. I'll remind you that we have been aggressive in stock buy backs in the past having bought back approximately 45 million shares, and we continue to look at ways to enhance shareholder value. In the current volatile environment of the first quarter, I think you probably all noticed a lot of companies were more concentrating on keeping cash rather than rushing to buy back stock. And especially with us doing that acquisition, we did not go out to the market and raise any expensive debt to complete the acquisition. We have been concentrating more on integration and paying off of the AMI debt rather than stock buy back. But that's something that will be top of our priorities for the second half. 
Steve Park – Wedbush Morgan Securities:  Can I ask one more quick question just on the commodity prices, do you expect that to continue in the gross margin and how are you guys seeing that for next quarter? 
Keith Jackson:  Yes. I mean, next quarter is again looking at numbers that are not significant. I think we said the 1% plus range for those commodities, and what I actually expect there is our lead times are starting to expand. I think the second half will see the industry largely sold out in those commodities. So, I'm not expecting accelerating price pressure there this year. 
Steve Park – Wedbush Morgan Securities:  Okay, perfect. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question is a follow up from Craig Ellis of Citi. 
Craig Ellis – Citigroup:  Thanks for taking the follow up. Keith, you mentioned that there are some out source production you can bring into Gresham. Can you just provide some more color on how significant that would be? 
Keith Jackson:  Yes, fairly significantly. So, to put it in terms here in the second quarter, we are looking at bringing in about 400 wafers a week of manufacturing by the end of the quarter from outside to inside. And then that number increases in Q3 and Q4 to somewhere in the 600 or so wafers a week. And so, it's a pretty substantial pull in. 
Craig Ellis – Citigroup:  Okay. That is helpful, and then, can you provide us some qualitative color on how significant you think the manufacturing cost differential is between say your Gresham facility and the facilities that you acquired as part of the AMI deal. I know it'll take some time to port product over as it's developed, but how should we think about the cost differential that you can arbitrage there? 
Keith Jackson:  Yes. So, on an 8 inch to 8-inch basis, the wafer costs are nearly half in Gresham what they were in the acquired assets. 
Craig Ellis – Citigroup:  Thanks, guys. 
Operator:  Your final question is a follow up from Craig Berger of FBR Capital Market. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets:  Yes, thanks for taking the follow up. Can you just tell us why you did better-than-expected in the first quarter apart from AMIS? 
Donald Colvin:  I think there were several things. Our core business performed well. We had actually a bit of a disappointing – how should I say it – end to the year – it finished the year with a dump buying rather than a load buying, particularly related to wireless market in China. And that business recovered in February and continued strong, so we had a very good year-end in sales, particularly through distribution and our distribution inventories came way, way down. So, we ended with a bang on the revenue front and our core business actually came in at the higher end of guidance. We also tightened the belt on expanses both in OpEx and manufacturing, and our team responded. And our operating expenses on a stand alone basis came in well. We took tightened expense controls and they were effective. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets:  Thank you for that. On the cash and the debt, it looks like you are going to be generating $300 million or $400 million a year of pro forma cash flow. How else would you like to pay down your debt or how quickly do you think it's possible? 
Donald Colvin:  I think as I mentioned, the priorities change with the macro environment, but the game plan still remains the same. We'll generate more than enough cash to pay down our debt. As I mentioned in my comments on our tax rate, which remains very low, we will have more than enough cash generated even in the U.S. to pay down our debt with the tax rate guidance that we give you. And then we continue to look opportunistically at actions to buy back stock, and once we get over the hurdle, which will be by the middle of the year, of pay to cash restructure costs to pay off the AMI debt, we will be able to look at stock buy backs as I mentioned on the previous question. Our cash balance will start to grow in the second half again, and we'll do whatever is best in the most shareholder friendly manner. We don't have any big debt amortization requirements over the next few years, and the weighted average cost on our debt is in the 2% to 3%. So, we don't have any junk bond type interest rates that we can pay off are very accretive. So, we are always looking at that trade off between a minimal interest saving and stock buyback. And one of the ironies is, we raised a few years ago a big convert [ph] which is a zero coupon [ph], and that's the first major chunk of debt that where the amortization is due. But, as you can understand, you don't have any interest savings when you pay down a zero coupon bond. So, it's probably a quality problem, so that's why we have better locked into look at paying down debt. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets:  Donny? 
Donald Colvin:  Yes. 
Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets:  You've done a really good job on that front. Last one, on the taxes, you said you had $800 million of U.S. NOLs. How much of your income is routed through the U.S.? When do those NOLs expire? And so, when would you actually see moving to the long-term tax rate? 
Donald Colvin:  Well, most of our business is offshore, over 80%. Even now it's approximately 80% with the AMI just a little bit under that. And so, our U.S. NOLs we think are going to last for 10 years or whatever more. And so, most of our income is offshore, but we have means to bring that income back to the States, and that is incorporated in the longer-term tax rate that I gave, which is 10% to 12%, is incorporating bringing back cash and paying U.S. taxes on that so that we have the cash in the right place when we need it. 
Operator:  Thank you for participating in today's ON Semiconductor First Quarter Earnings conference call. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - VP of IR Mark S. Frey - EVP and CFO Mark S. Thompson - President and CEO
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers Shawn Webster - JP Morgan John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fairchild Semiconductor Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead sir.
Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor's fourth quarter and full year 2007 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's President and CEO and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we're attending a few investor conferences this quarter, including the Thomas Weisel Tech Conference in San Francisco, and the Raymond James Institutional Conference in Orlando. Mark Frey will start today's call with a review of our fourth quarter financial results and discuss our forward guidance for the first quarter of 2008. Mark Thompson will then discuss our new products and product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay of this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risks factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we filed with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principles. We use non-GAAP measures, because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website, at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains the 2007 Q4 factsheet and updated financial section, with updated un-audited financial highlights, including detailed breakouts of segment and regional revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA. Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Dan, good morning and thanks for joining us. I am sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release that was issued earlier this morning, so I will focus on just the key points in my comments. Overall, we reported continued sales in gross margin growth while reducing operating expenses in the fourth quarter. We grew sales 1%, while improving operating expenses. We grew sales 1% while improving gross margin a solid 100 basis points sequentially, due primarily to a richer mix of higher margin analog and functional power products and lower manufacturing costs. We further reduced adjusted operating expenses to $82.7 million, which is down $1.5 million from the prior quarter and quite favorable to our guidance range of $86 million to $88 million. Our streamlining and expense control efforts came in ahead of expectations, plus we benefited from it approximately $1 million in onetime savings in Q4 that we do not expect to recur in Q1. Our adjusted operating margin improved to 12.1%, which is 260 basis points above the prior cycle peak. Net interest and other expenses remained at $5 million in the fourth quarter. We also reported $2.3 million in restructuring and asset impairments that are expected to further streamline our business. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 11.6% in the quarter, which reflected a favorable mix of revenue in costs in lower tax jurisdictions. The bottom line is that we delivered a highest quarterly adjusted net income since the bubble year of 2000. Our efforts to improve product mix, reduced dye and package costs and controlled below-the-line spending are evident in these results. For the full year of 2007, we reported a 1% increase in revenue compared to 2006, as the industry saw much better demand in the second half of the year, after the industry downturn in the first half. These results were also impacted by an 8% reduction in Standard Products Group sales, as we continued to rationalize this business to improve profitability. We managed through the industry cycle, with sales down just 4% and adjusted gross margin only 260 basis points below the prior peak. Despite the cycle headwinds, we improved adjusted operating margin and adjusted net income slightly for the full year 2007. Now, I'd like to review fourth quarter highlights of sales and gross margin performance for each of our product groups. Our Analog Products Group recorded a 4% sequential decrease in sales to $89 million, as strong sales in signal path products was offset by lower revenue for power conversion products, as we further reduced analog channel inventory dollars. The robust growth of our higher margin signal path products, which includes analog switches and μSerDes products, coupled with improved manufacturing efficiencies, resulted in a 370-basis point improvement of APG adjusted gross margin to 36.4%. Now, our Functional Power Group; sales totaled $245 million, an increase of 4% from the prior quarter, which was driven by continued strong sales of our low-voltage MOSFETs, which primarily support computing and handset applications. Adjusted gross margin improved 10 basis points sequentially. Standard Products Group sales were down 1% and adjusted gross margin was down slightly sequentially, due to continued rationalization of the bipolar transistor product line. Reviewing our balance sheet, internal inventories increased $1.5 million, resulting in about a $0.5 million increase from the prior quarter. We improved DSOs 2 days to 38 days. Cash and marketable securities increased to $11 million to $462 million in the fourth quarter, which reflected cash flow from operations of $59 million, capital spending of $41 million, and 10 million of stock repurchases. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased a larger than normal 10 million of Fairchild stock to take advantage of the current market environment, as we strive to cost effectively minimize dilution from the employees' stock purchase program and option exercises. We will continue to monitor opportunities to repurchase stock, but we must also take into consideration that our 200 million of convertible bonds will mature in November of this year. We are currently working with financial institutions to assess our options, which could include refinancing, paying off using cash or existing bank debt instruments or some combination of these options. Turning now to our forward guidance; we expect first quarter revenue to be down 2% to 6% and gross margin to be approximately 100 to 150 basis points lower sequentially, due to lower factory loadings and changes in variable compensation accruals. At the start of the first quarter, we had about 85% in the sales guidance booked and scheduled to ship. Although we continue to exercise strict controls over spending, we expect R&D and SG&A expenses to increase to approximately $87 million to $90 million in the first quarter, due to the resumption of FICO and other payroll taxes, as well as changes in variable compensation accruals. Net interest and other expenses are expected to be $5 million to $5.5 million on the first quarter. Now, I will turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark. Let me start by reviewing end-market demand and some key operational metrics. Sales of our products to service computing, handset and power supply markets were strong in the fourth quarter, while the other end markets were generally in line with seasonal expectations. Booking were sequentially higher in the fourth quarter and in line with the expectations, giving us a healthy starting backlog level. As expected, we saw a decrease in distributor sell-through of about 4% sequentially after a strong 7% increase in the third quarter. We increased our channel inventory, while remaining well within our target range, after reducing more than a week of inventory a quarter ago. We have also made excellent progress at improving the mix of the fast turning inventory in the channel compared to slower moving products. We continue to effectively manage lead times and product availability, which enabled us to significantly improve our on-time delivery performance across 2007. Lead times remained in a stable eight to nine week range during the quarter and we expect to maintain these levels in Q1. Turning now to our product line results; Fairchild made important progress in Q4 and 2007 on many fronts in our efforts to solve more important problems for our customers and ultimately be a more valuable company. The depth and breadth of our new products pipeline is better than ever before. This is our primary focus and our mission is crystal clear within the company. New products solving important challenges for our customers are the key of the future. Each business unit has a compelling line up of the new products appropriate to their technologies that should enable Fairchild to drive margins to our target models. I will begin with a brief review of some of the important new products just released in 2007 or in the pipeline now. Then I will review the current business environment and how we plan to continue our effective management through the cycle. As expected, the Analog Products Group posted a significant improvement in gross margins in the fourth quarter. New products are the key driver for APG margin growth, so I'll begin with power conversion product line, starting with battery charger segment. We have a completely new technology covered by numerous Fairchild patents that aimed at the low power AC-to-DC conversion market and expect to ramp this product family throughout 2008. This new technology significantly reduces our customers' build materials for typical low power battery charger, while improving efficiency over the current leading architectures. We are shipping these products now and expect sales to ramp steadily in 2008 and 2009. In our signal path product line, we just reported another record quarter and year of sales for our switch products with revenue growth of 34% in 2007 compared with 2006. Our USB switches ramped quickly across the year, and we expect this growth to continue at a strong pace in 2008. Some of our handset customers have decided to convert to the standard mini-USB port for all of their products and have chosen Fairchild as one of their top suppliers for this technology. This has the potential for adding a significant amount of revenue over the next few years. We also expect significant growth of our multimedia switches that can manage a wide array of signals through USB port of the handset. This product line was introduced in 2007 and we expect to fill out our product offering and drive strong sales growth in 2008. In 2007, our micro-SerDes product revenue was up 2.5 times our 2006 level, despite one major customer experiencing an unprecedented decline for the first half of the year. We've spent this year broadening our customer base and expect to ramp sales into a number of new important new applications during 2008. Our micro-SerDes architecture provides leading-edge management of serial data flow and full feature handsets and we expect continued strong sales growth across 2008. In our System Power business, we made one of our biggest new product bets over a year ago to develop technology leadership in the high-frequency voltage regulator segment for handset and other portable applications. This is no small challenge, given the strong competitors in this application space, but we partnered with a large customer and brought a truly innovative approach to this problem. I am excited to report that our efforts to-date have been even more successful than we planned. We began shipping these new voltage regulators in Q3 and Q4 of 2007 and expect a strong ramp in 2008. Our current products are industry standard solutions, but we are sampling products running at far greater frequencies that promise new levels of efficiency and board space reductions. More importantly, we've developed a new relationship with a leading handset customer that we expect will expand to other products across 2008. Our Functional Power Group sales were up 4% sequentially, due primarily to strong low-voltage MOSFET shipments in the computer and handset markets. Our silicon-based low-voltage technology leadership continues to position us for solid profitable growth, as we posted greater than 20% operating margin in this business again in 2007. New integrated power products like the IntelliMAX load switch for handset and ultra-portable applications are contributing to this success. In 2007, we grew IntelliMAX sales nearly three times higher than the prior year and shipped more in Q4 than all of 2006. In the high-voltage business, we made significant progress in upgrading our silicon-based technology as well as in-sourcing package to improve margins. We released our new field-stop insulated gate bipolar transistor or IGBT technology in late 2007. It gives us about 30% more dye in a wafer than our prior products. Our latest deep-trench high-voltage MOSFET technology has completed qualification and gives us more than 40% more dye in a wafer than pervious technology. We expect to ramp both these products during 2008 and 09 at margins well above the prior generations. We had a break-out year for our Smart Power Module product line in 2007, with sales up 50% compared to 2006. In the fourth quarter, we broke the $10 million quarterly sales rate, with revenue up more than 40% sequentially and a book-to-bill well above 1. We are getting strong attraction for these highly-integrated power management solutions in a wide range of motion control applications in the consumer and industrial end markets. We also plan to extend the SPM product line into lighting and power supply applications. This year we expect to broaden our customer base for these products, beyond Japan and Asia to Europe and North America, where we have a number of new design wins that we will ramp in 2008. Standard Product Group sales were down 1% sequentially, as we continued to rationalize and resize our low-margin bipolar transistor business. Our strategy for SPG is to continue to run the business for strong profitability and cash flow, while augmenting our sales with higher margin new products. For our new family of logic translators have posted more than our 50% sales growth in 2007, compared to 2006 at margins well above the company average. Our Optocoupler product line grew sales more than 20% in 2007 from the prior year at solid margins and we believe the addition of a number of new products in 2008 will enable us to continue this trend. I believe that Fairchild is better positioned with a more compelling line of new products than at any time in our modern history. Accelerating and improving the value of our new products is our number-one priority and we are committed to drive our sales margins and profitability for our target goals. Another significant step we are taking at the start this year is the previously announced reorganizing of APG and SPG along end-market segments. The Power Conversion, Industrial and Auto Group will focus on providing high efficiency power solutions to these attractive end markets. The Mobile, Computing, Consumer and Communications Group will focus on supplying these fast growing end-market segments with innovative power and signal path solutions, including our industry leading low-voltage MOSFETs. Experience in our analog switch, micro-SerDes, IntelliMAX and high-frequency voltage regulators clearly illustrates that when we focus or product lines and develop real customer intimacy, we win. We were applying those lessons to the new PCIA and MCCC organizations, and expect this structure to accelerate our growth and new product success in the future. We will begin reporting in this organizational profile in Q1 this year and we'll provide investors with five years of historical results for the new structure on our website. Let me wrap up by summarizing the current market environment and commenting on our outlook. We entered Q1 with a healthy backlog position that covers approximately 85% of our guided revenue. Good product availability with stable lead times, and so far with solid bookings in backlogs still in the first weeks of the quarter. While the stock market is sorting out its expectation for 2008, we're managing what we can control. I discussed our significant lineup of the new products that we believe will drive sales and margin growth through 2008. Our investments in package cost reductions to greater in-sourcing are on track. We expect this effort to improve margins materially as we progress across 2008. We continue to manage internal and channel inventories to remain within our target range and at or near, peer group leading performance. We are committed to continuing our success at managing through the cycle and executing effectively on what we can control. I want to thank our customers, employees and shareholders for their support in 2007, and look forward to expanding on our success in 2008. Thank you, and I will turn the call back to Dan.
Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks Mark. We will now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks, and let's take the first question please. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. And our first question does come from Ross Seymore.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks guys and good morning. I just had a question on the APG group. It looks like you talk about taking inventory down there. Can you just talk about how much inventory is left to be taken down there? When you expect that business to start growing again? And how you reconcile with taking inventory down there, but overall channel inventory is actually increasing?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay Ross, Mark here. So, a couple of things; First, the place where we took inventory down was specifically in the power conversion business. And we are largely complete with that activity, although of course, we will subject our channel inventory processes to continuous improvement and if we have the opportunity to reduce, we will. But there are many moving parts in the company, and so we often... if you look there is... often you will see, for example in computing, computing inventories will typically rise around this time of the year, because demand tends to be greatest in the second half of the year and softest in the first half, and we do somewhat use channel inventory to smooth our factory loadings. So there is a lot of moving parts in this. But in terms of power conversion, the current inventory levels are approximately on target.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: And I guess as a follow-up and inventory as a whole, do you expect... were you a little surprised that channel inventory built in the quarter and do you expect to have to burn it off in the first quarter?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We weren't surprised that it built in the quarter. Again we highlighted the potential for that depending on what resales did towards the end of December, which is always one of the hardest periods to call. So channel resales during that time were in the bottom half of our range of expectations, and that resulted in some channel build. But again it was within our predicted range. So that was not... it was not a surprise.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will now go to Mr. Craig Ellis, for our next question.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Thanks guys, good morning. First on the expense front; Mark, can you clarify what the one-time item was in the fourth quarter?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It wasn't just one thing. It was a couple of things. The biggest single item was the reversal of a bad debt reserve we took for a customer that we had some doubts about earlier in the year, but in fact the customer worked out of situation and paid us.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay, and then looking at the sequential increase in expenses, it looks like around an 8% increase maybe 9%. That seems like a large increase if it's just the FICO adjustment in a different bonus accrual. Is there anything else that's in expenses in the first quarter beyond those two items and how should we think about the growth of the expenses through the year?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, a couple of things to notch up. The health insurance contract will renew at generally higher rates. The payroll taxes as we've said, we accrue for people's vacations as they earn them, but not as they take them. And so in Q3 and Q4, obviously people tend to take more vacation days. March is the point time where almost nobody is really taking large vacations. And then the bonus as we've said, but also equity compensation notches up a bit as we go into a New Year that has a... we accrued our equity comp at the low-end of our targets for our executives in 07 and we will expect to be recurring at more of the 100% level in 08. And so that's... we also have some employees who actually move into a retirement or a status of being able to retire in Q1, and at that point you invest all of their shares immediately. So, it kind of creates a bubble in Q1 that then kind of dissipates across the rest of the year because, obviously you'd expense that full grant.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Are you then --
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Excuse me, the one other thing that I think is worth adding to Mark's comments, is we also did have the opportunity to pick-up a full and seasoned design team, and which we had planned to build out across the year but we were able to front-load that. So that will be a positive from some new project trajectories. But again that's a thing we have done pretty consistently on an opportunistic basis.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: How many folks was that Mark?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's around 10.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay, and was that functional power or analog?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Analog.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay, so just to wrap up the expense side; Mark Frey, how should we think about the growth and expenses through the year?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think Q1 will set obviously the kind of a structural base and we will increment that in R&D. So you could see all of our reductions in Q4 were SG&A. We continue to target opportunities to lower our basic cost of selling in infrastructure, but we also expect to continue to ramp our R&D investment across the year. Our intermediate-term target is 20% of revenue, so obviously we'll notch above that at the beginning of the year and I hope to get to pretty close to that by Q4, depending on revenue growth.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay and then secondly for Mark Thompson. Mark the bigger picture, long-term question here as we look at gross margins and I know the organization is changing and the financial reporting will change in the quarter a bit. As we look at the company's longer-term functional power and analog gross margin targets and as we reflect back on 2007. How should we think about the company's ability to progress towards its gross margin targets in 2008? As you look at the tailwinds and the headwinds that you have going into 08, would you say those are more or less favorable than what you had in 07 and you think you can make more or less progress against your gross margin targets this year versus last year?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, let's see. Let me try to hit the various moving parts of that. So we expect, I guess what I call a normal range of economic conditions to make significantly more margin progress in 08 than we made in 2007. There is... the new product story has progressed farther and faster than we could have hoped for and is really very well positioned during the year to drive a lot of progress. Clearly the biggest negative is the macroeconomic environment, which is of course the thing none of us, if we all knew what it was, it would be somebody else. And so if that comes in sort of even a medium to a slightly negative range, I don't expect that to significantly negatively affect our progression of new products. Obviously if there is...if it's much... very severe then it's very difficult for anybody to model. But I am very enthusiastic about what we are going to accomplish in 2008. From a quantitative point of view, we are trying to confine our model updates to once a year, at our Analyst Day. We are still committed to driving towards the models that we presented last summer and we'll provide a quantitative update when we do our Analyst Day during 2008.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay. Two related questions here then, should we still think about the mix of headwinds in the business being in that $30 million to $50 million range and would you care to quantify or maybe you saying you'd rather not but can you quantify how much gross margin improvement you think the business can actually accomplish this year?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, what I guess as far as I could quantify given that we haven't updated the model is we expect progress to exceed 2007. That's both from a quality of mix, point of view as well as significant backend cost reductions due to in-sourcing. So, both the products component of that is stronger than 2007 and of course, we essentially didn't have any moving parts associated with the back-end piece. And some of the process technologies for power conversion that we got with SG also hit. So there are quite a few favorable things that were, if programs were put in the place during 2007 that really, begin to hit strongly as we move across 2008. So the favorables are quite significant in multiple parts of the business.
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks for your question Craig. Let's go and take the next caller please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Romit Shah.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Thanks a lot. Nice job with the margin progression. Mark, with the distribution resales slowing down in the back half of December, what gives you the confidence to guide to a higher turns percentage in Q1?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's still pretty close to normal. We would like to have 90% in backlog, we're in the 85% range. Two things basically, as you know our lead times have come down fairly strongly due to some structural improvements we implemented last summer. And therefore, we've seen more natural turns businesses as we go forward. We observed it in Q3, although we didn't factor that into our guidance in Q4. We continued to observe it in Q4 and so far in the year, we've seen fairly strong bookings and again a fairly short-term nature to the fill that we get out of those bookings.
Operator: And we take our next question from Shawn Webster.
Shawn Webster - JP Morgan: Yes. Thank you for taking my questions. Can you talk little bit about channel inventories, they were about 10.8 weeks, I guess last quarter. Where were they sitting now and could you give us an update on where your utilization rates were in Q4 and where you expect them to be in Q1?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, so they were actually slightly less than 10.8 weeks in... at the end of Q3. We moved them to slightly more above 11 weeks, which is slightly above our target in Q4. We target to keep them as close to that as we can in Q1. And in terms of utilization, we did lower our utilization in Q4 and expect to keep our utilizations fairly cautious, with kind of the low 90s for our fabs, in the high 80s for our assembly sights, going forward. Because like everybody in this macroeconomic environment, what we don't want to do is get caught with an inventory imbalance.
Shawn Webster - JP Morgan: Did you say, you want to keep your utilization rate in the low 90s?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Slightly... just slightly lower than where they are now.
Shawn Webster - JP Morgan: I see.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But... so lower 90s in the fabs and mid to upper 80s in the assembly sites.
Shawn Webster - JP Morgan: Okay, then can you...my last question is, can you characterize the pricing environment for your products in Q4 and how you expect it to evolve over the next couple of quarters?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Q4 pricing was pretty stable. It was in the 1% range down. And we're not seeing anything unseasonal in Q1 so far.
Shawn Webster - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And we will now take our next question from John Pitzer.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yes good morning guys, thanks for taking my questions. And a couple here, first when you look at your guidance for gross margins decline about a 100 to 150 basis points in the March quarter, what is coming from the change in the variable comp. I guess, just to clarify, that's a one-time issue in Q1 that goes away going forth in the balance of the year and then I have a follow-up.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It's generally a one-time. Obviously it resets for the year, but it's not an absolute number than recurs every quarter. We accrue the amount of variable comp as a function of the amount of operating income we have in that quarter, relative to the operating income we expect to have in later quarters, so basically a matching mechanism. And what was the second half, the other component was...
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Utilization being lower.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And, it's about one-third, I think the notch up in variable comp and one-third other things like merits, et cetera and then another third would have been the utilization.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: But Mark, just to be clear, that notch-up in variable comps, does that continues throughout the rest of the year, so it's a drag on margins or will that go away?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: It doesn't continue to be an incremental drag.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: To margins.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Got it. And then as a follow-up guys, when you look at sort of normal seasonal revenue in Q1 since sort of 2000, it's actually sort of a modest sequential uptick your midpoint is down and I'm just kind of curious is that reflective of sort of the macro concerns out there. Is that reflective of your view that distribution has to come down in the March quarter or from a bottoms-up perspective, what's kind of not hitting normal season in the March quarter?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: If you look at the average, our average reported revenue since 2000 has been down 2% Q1 versus Q4, and average POS is down 3%. And so that average is factored into the way we calculated our estimates.
Dan Janson - Vice President of Investor Relations: Hi, John, this is Dan, just another note. We had a 14-week Q1 back in about a year ago also. As you look at your historical numbers, you have to normalize for that.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Well, then if I can ask question differently; if you are characterizing the March quarter is it kind of fitting normal seasonal, why not be a little bit more conservative given the macroenvironment?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well certainly, the concerns about the impact to the macroenvironment are reflected in the somewhat larger than average range of our guidance and in the negative $0.06. So we have... I mean again we try to factor all those things into the range of probable outcomes for the quarter.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks guys.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would like correct something I've said in terms of utilization in our assembly sites at high 80s. It's actually more in the mid 80s in Q4.
Operator: And we will now take our next question from Steve Smigie.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Great, thanks. I guess in terms of getting at this a little bit from different angles. But just, if I look out to Q2 gross margins, how much recovery would I expect there relative to just the utilization fall off here in Q1? Is it going to come back up the full amount?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are not guiding Q2 yet, Steve. So, I mean, we are not really in a position where we are going to give you any real color on that one.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Well, I understand that, but I mean, you had some very nice improvements in gross margin in Q4 and I guess my question is, keeping utilization aside, would you expect generally to see a recovery in the gross margin?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Steve, a couple of factors; Q2 is generally seasonally up from Q1. So we don't know what that is and we are not guiding it, but that's what it typically is. And our in-sourcing impacts will begin to be noticeable in Q2. So those are probably the two items that will most affect Q2.
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually there is one quite high volume new product program that's into the Q1 results, but ramped very sharply in the second quarter. So there are a number of positives that we would expect to impact the second quarter.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The one headwind is, as you have seen, when we slow our plants down; the accounting impact doesn't always in the quarter that you slow them down. So, to the extent that we reduce loadings in Q1, you could have an expense fall into Q2 as you work through that inventory. So those are probably the four factors that will impact margins going forward.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And just looking at Q4, there was a little bit of a build of inventory in the channel and you guys recognized revenue on selling. You've made an extraordinary effort I think over the past year to sort of mitigate impacts from just loading the channel. How much did that affect the revenues here, what was your thinking internally and how do you think all the work you have done to try to ensure that there is profit line responsibility for people, pretty much, how long did that work in this sort of weakening environment?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, there is a couple of things. In terms of channel inventories, we target 11 weeks and it naturally will fluctuate up and down. Again, we don't control the point of sale, we get reports of point of sale and then we adjust our ship into to reflect whatever changes we need to make in our distributors forecasts. So, that process is well developed and quite robust and over a two-year period of time, we have gone from our distributors being not totally happy with our performance to us being clearly in the top quartile of distributor interface and channel management. So that's been... those processes, so it's not a one-time phenomenon I guess the way I describe it. We have put a lot of energy into developing the processes and to develop the data feeds. And so, we would hope that in year three of managing this very effectively, it would become a non-issue. In other words the people should I hope have confidence that we will continue to be very disciplined about this and manage it within the 11 plus or minus one-week range and that's our internal goals and those are our targets and everyone is held accountable to deliver those results inside the company.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And we also our compensation programs are largely based on sell-throughs. So there is no incentive out in the decentralized part of the company to push products in the channel.
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: To put a sharper point on it, you can't get rewarded for stopping the channels but you can get fired.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to a question from Kevin Cassidy.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, thank you for taking my question. When you are looking out to your outlook for Q1, any market segments looking weaker than seasonal or any changes that you see?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. In terms of the current profile of incoming orders and forecasts, it looks like so far a very ordinary Q1 in terms of the various movements of the markets.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: How about geography, any weakness in Europe or U.S more so than normal?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Again everything looks -- Europe and U.S look fine. So and China is normally has a weak first quarter because of the effect of the Chinese New Year. But we've not got into that yet. So that's the bit of the unknowable about Q1, but we haven't. We will know more obviously once we pass through it. Last year, it was quite a strong dip for the industry. This year, again we won't know until we get to it, but U.S and Europe looks good so far.
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tristan Gerra.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning. You mentioned that in-sourcing of packaging testing will stop having an impact in Q2. Should we expect the additional impact, positive impact on gross margin in the second half and what will be the timing of the impact on migrating to lower shipments, we note at some products and gross margin as well?
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The answer is yes, Tristan. It will begin to have an effect on Q2 and it will be a cumulative effect that will grow as we increase the volumes that are brought in-house. The currently targeted programs run to about Q2 of 09. That doesn't say that that's the end of what we are looking at. It's just the end of the packages that we are focusing on right now. We can take additional measure after depending on how we feel about the cost structure of sub cons and our cost capabilities internally. In terms of the front-end end of that, obviously as we continue to ramp the 8-inch capacity in Maine that gives us some cost advantages; and as we begin continue to transfer the wafers that we acquired in the ST acquisition to Maine, we will get a cost benefit from bringing them in-house. We are also transferring certain amount of our Korean processes to Maine at 8-inches and at a significantly lower critical dimension, so we will get a die cost advantage of that as well.
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: And off-course we will begin to ramp up our PT6 new power trench process in Salt Lake towards the end of 08 and that will lower the cost of low-voltage dye.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, that's a great color. And in terms of trying to quantify this, if you were to assume fab utilization rate and you were to quantify the impact on gross margin from those various measures into the second half?
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the calculation we have done for the full company, obviously the products involved were all different. In some products I mean we lowered their cost in half, others less so, and other products aren't impacted at all. The impact when we reach the endpoint of my calculation is about 0.5. So you are just going to ramp somewhat linearly to that number.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from Romit Shah. [Operator Instructions].
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: My questions have been answered. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think... are we through then?
Operator: And it appears there are no questions at this time.
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Excellent. Well, let me just close by thanking everybody for listening in. We appreciate your support. Thank you, good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference, you may access replay via the website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. Again that is investor.fairchildsemi.com. Thank you again for joining us today and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ken Rizvi - Director, IR Donald Colvin - EVP, CFO and Treasurer Keith Jackson - President and CEO 
Analysts:  Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan Craig Ellis - Citigroup Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Steve Smigie - Raymond James Amit Chopra - Credit Suisse Michael McConnell - Pacific-Crest Securities Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley Ramesh Misra - Collins Stewart Craig Berger - FBR Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners   
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ON Semiconductor Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's release call Mr. Ken Rizvi. Sir, you may begin. 
Ken Rizvi - Director, Investor Relations:  Thank you Howard. Good morning and thank you for joining ON Semiconductor's third quarter 2007 conference call. I am joined today by Keith Jackson, our CEO, and Donald Colvin, our CFO. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.onsemi.com and will be available for approximately 30 days along with our earnings release for the third quarter of 2007.  Our earnings release in this presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparable under GAAP are in our earnings release and posted on our website in the Investor Relations section.  In the upcoming quarter we will present at the Credit Suisse Technology Conference on November 28th, and the Lehman Brothers Global Technology Conference on December 6. We will also open up the NASDAQ tock market on November 9th.  During the course of this conference call we will make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. The words estimate, intend, expect, plan or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We wish to caution that such statements are subject risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or event to differ materially. Important factors relating to our business including factors that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are described in our Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC. The company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors.  Now let's hear from Donald Colvin, our CFO, who will provide an overview of the third quarter of 2007. 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  Thank you Ken and thanks to everyone who is joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the third quarter of 2007 were $402.9 million. As anticipated, an increase of approximately 6% from the second quarter of 2007. Total revenues during the quarter included approximately $381.1 million of product revenues and approximately $21.8 million of manufacturing services revenue. During the third quarter of 2007, the company reported net income of $63.8 million or $0.20 per share on a fully diluted basis, which included approximately $2 million or $0.01 per share fully diluted associated with restructuring, asset impairments and other.  During the second quarter of 2007, the company reported net income of $63.3 million or $0.21 per share on a fully diluted basis. The company's total gross margin in the third quarter was 38.6%, an increase of approximately 30 basis points as compared to the second quarter of 2007, primarily due to higher revenue, which was partially offset by a $5 million reduction of internal inventories.  At the end of the third quarter, days sales outstanding were approximately 44 days. Internal inventories decreased on a days basis by approximately 60 to 80 days as we completed internal inventories during the quarter.  Distribution inventories in dollar terms were approximately 11 weeks. Cash capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $34 million. The company exited the third quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $327.1 million, up over $71 million from the second quarter.  Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment. Keith. 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks Don. Now for an overview of our end markets. During the third quarter of 2007, we saw a sequential revenue growth in our consumer-driven end markets of consumer electronics, computing and wireless.  The consumer electronics end market grew by over 38% sequentially, primarily driven by game console builds as well as growth in LCD TV and MP3 platform builds. The consumer electronics end market represented approximately 24% of our third quarter product sales.  The computing end market grew by approximately 11% sequentially on a dollar basis and represented approximately 25% of third quarter product sales. In the third quarter, we saw continued computing platform ramps associated with back-to-school builds as well as the penetration of our new products targeted towards the computing end market.  The wireless end market grew by approximately 3% sequentially and represented approximately 18% of the third quarter 2007 product sales.  The automotive, industrial and networking end markets were seasonally down with automotive representing approximately 16%, industrial representing approximately 11%, and networking representing approximately 6% of the third quarter product sales respectively.  During the third quarter, on a direct billing basis, no product OEM customer was more than 5% of product sales and our top five product OEM customers were Continental, Delta, Motorola, Sony Ericsson, and Samsung. Our top manufacturing services customer was LSI, as anticipated.  On a geographic basis, our contribution this quarter from product sales in Asia, excluding Japan, were up 400 basis points and represented approximately 64% of product sales. Our product sales in the Americas decreased by approximately 100 basis points and represented approximately 19% of product sales. Sales in Europe decreased by 100 basis points and represented approximately 15% of product sales during the quarter and sales in Japan were down 200 basis points to 2% of product sales.  Looking across the channels, sales to the distribution channel were down by 400 basis points to approximately 48% of product sales. Direct sales to OEMs increased by approximately 300 basis points to approximately 41% of product sales, and the EMS channel increased by approximately 100 basis points to 11% of product sales.  During the third quarter, product revenues broken out by our divisions were as follow -- The Standard Products Group represented approximately 33% of product sales, the Automotive and Power Regulation Group represented approximately 30% of product sales, the Computing Products Group represented approximately 25% of product sales, and the Digital and Consumer Products Group represented approximately 12% of sales. We will publish the quarterly revenue, gross margin, and operating margin breakout of these divisions in our 10-Q filing.  Now I would like to provide you with some details on the progress we have made. In the computing end market, we continue to see strong growth of our power regulators, pulse width modulators, power factor controllers, and multiphase controllers for desktop, notebook and power supply markets. In the third quarter, we continued our design penetration in global OEM desktop platforms, and increased our share of analog controllers to over 10% from approximately 3% in the previous year. We expect to see continued growth in the computing end market for the upcoming fourth quarter.  Our GreenPoint energy efficient power supply solutions continue to meet and exceed emerging global standards for power efficiency. We recently released two more GreenPoint reference design solutions for the consumer electronics end market. Our 5-watt power adapter reference design and our 16-watt DSL modem adapter design help our customers around the world develop products that reduce energy consumption in both active and standby modes. We have already released nine GreenPoint reference design solutions to-date.  Recently, two major computing manufacturers have included our products in their new 80 PLUS efficient power supplies for desktop power supply. These 80 PLUS efficient power supplies contain up to $3.50 of our content per unit and position ON for continued growth in the high efficiency power supply market.  Our products and solutions continue to win awards with our customers and within the industry. We have recently won Celestica's Total Cost of Ownership Supplier Award presented to suppliers who demonstrate excellence in quality, delivery, technology, service, and flexibility. We also received Best Power Solution Supplier Awards from two major consumer products manufacturers -- Hisense and Samsung. Additionally, we were awarded Green Partner Certificates from three major OEMs -- Sony, Samsung and Canon. These partnerships along with our work with ENERGY STAR, China CECP, and other regulatory agencies enabled us to continue our leadership position in efficient power management solutions for a variety of end market applications.  In the consumers end market, our power efficient products and solutions continue to win designs in the LCD TV end market. iSuppli expects this market to see a compound annual growth rate of approximately 20% over the next four years. We anticipate our SAM for the LCD TV market will increase from approximately $4.50 in 2007 to more than $6 in 2008 based on new product introductions. We have had initial success in this end market with two major LCD TV manufacturers beginning production ramps in anticipation of holiday demand.  Now I would like to turn it back over to Donald for our other forward-looking guidance. Donald? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  Thank you Keith. Fourth quarter 2007 outlook. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels, anticipated manufacturing services revenue, and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total revenues will be approximately flat to up 2% sequentially in the fourth quarter of 2007. We also anticipate that approximately 22 million of our total revenue will come from manufacturing services. Backlog levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter in 2007 were up from backlog levels at the beginning of the third quarter of 2007 and represent over 90% of our anticipated fourth quarter 2007 revenues.  We expect that average selling prices for the fourth quarter of 2007 will be down approximately 2% sequentially. We expect our product gross margin and total gross margin in the fourth quarter to be approximately flat with the third quarter of 2007. For the fourth quarter we expect cash capital expenditures of approximately $20 million. For the fourth quarter, we also expect total operating expenses of approximately 20% with SG&A expenses at between 11% to 12 % of sales and R&D expenses between 8% to 9% of sales.  We anticipate that net interest expense will be around $6.5 million for the fourth quarter and taxes to be approximately $2.5 million. We currently expect stock-based compensation expense in a pre and post-tax basis to be approximately $5 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 and this expense is included in our guidance. Based on the stock price at the end of the third quarter, our fully diluted share count would be approximately 319 million shares in the fourth quarter of 2007. The fully diluted share count can change based upon a change in our stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our 10-Qs and Ks. We will also post a table outlining potential fully diluted share count changes on our website in the Investor Relations section based upon various stock price assumption.  With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.  Question And Answer 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Romit Shah of Lehman Brothers. Your line is open. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers:  Yes, thanks a lot. Did you guys buy back any stock in the quarter? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  No. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers:  Don, could you just elaborate on that? I noticed the cash balance jumped up to $327 million. Why didn't you guys buy back any stock and if you could just prioritize what are the future uses of cash going forward? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  Sure. I think as a company, we have stated with cash, we have three uses of our cash. One, we can pay down debt, which we've done in the past; buy back stock, which we've also done; or invest in the business. And I think what we have been stating when we attended various conferences is that our priority has been to kick the tires on some strategic opportunities where cash would help us facilitate some acquisitions. So that's why we are not currently prioritizing stock buybacks or debt pay-downs. This activity is very much a hit or miss activity and we have announced nothing because we have completed nothing. So, our optionality still remains, but we have been saying that we were extrapolating [ph] examination of strategic opportunities rather than pursuing stock buy backs or debt payoffs at the end of the third quarter. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers:  Okay. And as a follow-up, could you just elaborate on the product booking trends you have seen in the last four weeks and why you guys are guiding to, I guess, accelerating growth here in Q4? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Okay. This is Keith Jackson. I'll cover that one. We tend to remain on the conservative side when we go into fourth quarter's relative returns. The December quarter typically shows us a customer base that wants to have lean inventories going out of their calendar years. And so what we normally do is just be conservative on the turn side for December, Romit. So I think that's what you're seeing reflected in the guidance. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers:  Okay, great thank you. 
Operator:  Our next or comment comes from the line of Chris Danely from J.P Morgan. Your line is open. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan:  Thanks guys. Hey, Keith. Like the PC end market you think is going to be strongest for Q4, can you just give us your thoughts on your other large end markets, wireless networking etc.? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Okay. Certainly again we should see some continued strength in consumer and PCs. I believe that automotive will not see much change quarter-on-quarter. Our stronger quarters there tend to be in the first half for the year, and the same with industrial. The networking side actually again should be relatively flat going into the fourth quarter. So, I think you're looking at industrial, automotive, and networking being relatively flat quarter-on-quarter. r. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan:  How about wireless? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Wireless may be up slightly. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan:  Okay. And then Donald, can you talk about gross margin trends after Q4 going into next year? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  Sure. Well, obviously we don't give guidance for next year, but we are very happy to come in just under 39% gross margin combined in the third quarter, an increase... slight increase over the second quarter. As we go through next year, the mix of our will change. We will have more product revenues and less manufacturing services revenues. So I think it's kind of fair to say that seasonally the first half of the year is not as strong. The gross margin will be around the exit velocity depending on the mix, and we would expect to grow our gross margin in the second half of next year. I think that's the kind of best big picture view we have now. But we have been encouraged by the fact that we saw a sequential growth in gross margin in the third quarter even although we took some proactive measures to reduce our internal inventories by $5 million. So we feel pretty happy that we have a strong stable gross margin on which to build a growth in gross margin next year. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan:  You know, that leads me to my last question. Do you guys feel comfortable with your inventory right now, so the utilization rate should stay kind of flattish and then trend up in the second half of next year? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  I think that's a very fair observation. If you listened to the detailed comments, our distribution inventory was around 11 weeks, which is pretty near its all-time low, which I think was just about 10.5 or so. It was flat quarter-over-quarter, so no growth in distribution inventory. Internal inventories on a dollar basis were down by about $5 million and about 8 days, I believe, on a days basis. So we are very comfortable that our inventories are in very good shape and that we don't have any inventory overhang going into next year. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan:  Great. Thanks guys. 
Operator:  Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Craig Ellis from Citigroup. Your line is open. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup:  Thanks and good morning guys. Don or Keith, could you just follow-up a little bit more on the handset business? I know you try to diversify your OEM exposure there. Would you expect broad-based growth in the fourth quarter or are you seeing particular strength out of certain OEMs? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  No, I'd say it's more broad based in Q4 and again it's not a very strong growth over Q3. I think Q3, the numbers certainly build a good base for Q4, but there is not going to an acceleration in that marketplace in Q4. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup:  Okay. And then switching over to the pricing commentary, down about 2% in the third quarter, expected the same in the fourth. Is that across the portfolio or are you seeing pricing being more intense in certain part of the business? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Pricing is usually more intense in our discrete lines versus our analog lines. It's a pretty normal thing. Q3 was a little stronger pressure than we had been experiencing and I think Q4 will be less pressure than Q3. But nonetheless there have been some fairly steady ASP declines throughout the year quarter by quarter and slightly more discrete versus analog. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup:  Okay. And then looking a little bit further out on the CapEx side, any color on what the CapEx spend will look like in 2008? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  I think we showed guidance for the fourth quarter. We received about $20 million of capital expenditure in the fourth quarter, I think. So, if you look at that on a run rate basis, it's about $80 million. I think that's roughly the number we are seeing from our bottom-up forecast for next year, something under $100 million, in the $80 million $90 million range for capital expenditures. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup:  Okay. And then just lastly for me, Keith or Don, could you just frame some of the key milestones as we look at the Gresham facility and your ability to port you own analog products into that facility as we go through next year? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, certainly. We are actually qualifying our first analog products now and so we are pretty excited about that. There will be some ramp in Q1, but really the end of Q2 will mark some significant volumes moving into Gresham. Our second major analog process should be coming online toward the third quarter and then that will get basically the bulk of the rest of the company's analog products. So what we're looking forward is a very strong second half next year with our analog products in Gresham. 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  We did meet a milestone also I think in the fourth quarter, we will have more starts of wafers than of LSI wafers in the fourth quarter of this year. Right now we're running trench and some other parts in there. And so that's what we said we would do and we met that milestone. And thanks to Gresham, we are able to cut back the capital expenditures in the other fabs and then we've started restructuring of our manufacturing base, which is the primary reason you have the $2 million restructuring cost as the... more products are run in Gresham, we don't require the same size of platform elsewhere. So that's the activities we started in the third quarter. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup:  And Don, would those activities be expected just to continue through next year as you continue to ramp up Gresham then? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  We will continue to rationalize our manufacturing footprint as we ramp up Gresham, exactly. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup:  Okay. And then just the follow-up on this particular topic, any indication from LSI in terms of how intensively they would expect to use the manufacturing services beyond the end of agreement mid next year? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  Well, I think the... although that's a take-or-pay contract, we do anticipate that we will continue to supply LSI after the end of that contract. Right now the contract... officially the take-or-pay part expires from the middle of next year. When we... if and when we get any changes to that we will announce it. But we do anticipate that we will continue to service them with manufacturing services after the expiration of the take-or-pay contract and if I get any more color we will officially announce that once we have any contract in place. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup:  Okay. Thanks gentlemen. 
Operator:  Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Tristan Gerra from Robert Baird. Your line is open. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird:  Good morning. Could you guys elaborate on the internal inventory reduction, what products or end market and by how much did this impact gross margin in the quarter? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  This was not product-related. It's just that we took actions to make sure that we weren't building too much internal inventory and I think 86 days we had, we adjusted it to 80, as I stated. So, we believe that you got to run that... we can't really build up too much inventory, especially when you go into the year-end. So, this would be basically work-in-process inventory across all product lines. And so, we always proactively measure and control our... both our internal inventories and the distribution inventories to make sure that we don't have this inventory overhang. So I don't think it's fair to say it was product-specific, it was just in general, Tristan. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird:  And was there any particular reason that led you to do that? Obviously your production plans were decent entering the quarter, so was this based on this, the feedback or anything else that would have led you to do that? And also I guess the follow-up will be why wouldn't we see a rebound in gross margin sequentially in Q4 on that basis of this inventory adjustment? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  Well, I think the... it wasn't based upon distribution activities in the... and the feedback from distribution no [ph]. And as a matter of fact, our distribution business actually finished off stronger towards the end of the quarter, but as a prudent husbandry, as I said, we didn't want to continue to increase. So we reduced our manufacturing plant and we had a slight adjustment. We don't anticipate that these inventories will go down in the fourth quarter and that's why we gave approximately flat gross margins for the fourth quarter. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird:  Okay. And then a quick last one, when is the designing phase for the Montevina platform and where do you stand in terms of power management wins there? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  So, the answer to that is again we are seeing various customers ramping at various times on that and of course we have a range of wins in that platform. So I mean, I don't know that I can give you a more specific break-out right now, Tristan. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird:  Very good, than you. 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  I think just one point on that, Tristan, I think when you look at our power management that goes in cycles and controllers. Right now we've got some good design wins in the areas we weren't too present in [ph] before and this is based on what Keith was saying that this stuff is going to ramp in Gresham in the second half of next year. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird:  Okay, thanks. 
Operator:  Our next question or comment comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James. Your line is open. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James:  Great. Thank you. I was wondering if you could comment on what... an I apologize if this was asked. But can you comment on what you think the seasonality should be in... typically in Q1? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Typically it is down slightly. We see our automotive, industrial and networking portions of the business actually grow in Q1 versus Q4 and the consumer businesses tend to be softer as the major ramps that they have are for the Christmas and Chinese New Year seasons. So, overall it tends to be kind of flat to slightly down as opposed to up sequentially. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James:  But it's closer to sort of a 1% drop, it sounds like you are saying, versus may be a 4% drop? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, I think this year our drop was a bit larger than the normal trend and we are expecting to not have that larger the drop going forward, but again we can't provide your guidance on that yet. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James:  Okay. And the pricing was about 2% to 3% in Q3 from what you said. Why you think that the pricing is going to start to get a little bit better here in Q4? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  We just base our ASPs, we kind of look at the backlog, which as you can see is about 90% on the books. And so we have a fairly good picture of what it's going to look like, minus the turns. And just basically feedback from that basis plus our sales channel tells us that the pressure is just slightly less than it was in Q3. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James:  Okay. And the last question was just on the manufacturing, which locations did you rationalize during the quarter? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  We have announced we're closing down one of our factories in Phoenix. And so there's actions actively underway there. And we've actually shrunk the activities is our Japan factory as well. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James:  Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open 
Amit Chopra - Credit Suisse:  Thanks. This is actually Amit. I was wondering could you comment did you see any changes to lead times in the quarter? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Not significantly, we're still running kind of the 8 to 10 range for lead times on our high volume runners. So, really no significant change. 
Amit Chopra - Credit Suisse:  Okay. And your book-to-bill, could you give us was it above one or was that just below one? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Should have been just right at one. I mean, couldn't have been much different. 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  We don't normally give -- 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  We don't normally give that, but -- 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  Give any book-to-bill stuff because what is important is to look at the aging because you can enter a lot borders like four or five months and by the time you come to ship them, they get rescheduled. So what is encouraging, as we said [ph], is revenues would be flat to up and our opening backlog for Q4 was up. So the key point we've always pointed to investors has been the backlog coverage for the next quarter. So that's slightly improved, so that's the key point we'd like to look at. 
Amit Chopra - Credit Suisse:  Okay. And then just one last question, I know it's always hard to predict, but can you give us your view on the micro environment and I guess tax within micro, if you guys are so broad based? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  We do see broad based things here. I guess we've seen I guess what I would consider some surprising resilience in the consumer markets. Despite all of the macro wins in the credit markets and the housing markets in the U.S., we actually have seen that hold up pretty well. So, overall I guess the sentiment here is a cautious one from the company because there are a lot of things out there predominantly driven by credit issues that could soften the demand picture going forward, but frankly we have not yet seen that happen. So we're I guess cautiously optimistic that electronics sector will not see significant impact. 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  I think one thing I would state that we clearly see has less volatility, and that the... those last thwart quarters when lead times, delinquency bookings levels than we've seen in previous cycles. But normally what happens is feast or famine in the semiconductors and so we've seen a lot better supply chain management from our customers, from our distributors and associated with that last thwart in bookings and lead times and things like that. So we're seeing more of a more stable, less volatile environment and coupled with observations Keith mentioned about customer resilience. 
Amit Chopra - Credit Suisse:  Okay, sounds great, thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Michael McConnell from Pacific-Crest Securities, your line is open. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific-Crest Securities:  Thank you. Regarding the guidance for Q4, is this just a function of customers keeping their forecasts to you a little bit more closer to their vest, so visibility is a little more muted with respect to maybe the month of December or are you actually... have you seen some cancellations? Could you just go a little bit more into what's kind of driving the element of conservatism with respect to Q4? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  We have not seen any cancellations. Again, on a seasonal basis, you typically have a broad range of customers who want to have minimal inventories leaving their calendar fiscal years. And so typically the amount of turns that you get in the third month of the quarter is much less than what you would expect to see, for example, in the third quarter or second quarter. So it's not about cancellations, it's really just about anticipating what I would call normal customer behavior in... at the end of the calendar year 
Michael McConnell - Pacific-Crest Securities:  And then with respect to the OpEx in Q3, can you talk about a little bit why that came at least based on my expectations higher than I think most people were expecting in terms of --? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  I think mostly what you saw was increases in R&D and there we're very purposely increasing the rate of development in Gresham in order to fill up that facility as fast as we possibly can. And I think that's the major change you may have from what you are expecting. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific-Crest Securities:  And if we look at next year, should we still expect a more something --? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  No, I think from an increase perspective, you've pretty much seen what we are going to do there and by the second half of next year it actually should start easing as we get all of our processes up and running. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific-Crest Securities:  Okay. And then with respect to the driving, I understand that you are expecting pricing to moderate in Q4, but could you talk about why you saw the more pressure maybe you were expecting in Q3? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  I think just generic expectations from customers, it's always a very competitive marketplace, but as the volume buys go down in the consumer industry, you see some of the customer power come to play, and they are able to get very aggressive on the bigger builds. So, again I think it's going to be a little bit seasonal. As the consumer piece of that equation softens in the first half, I think you will see less pressure and then you will more pressures again in the third quarter next year. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific-Crest Securities:  Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Mark Lipacis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley:  Thank you. Thanks for taking my call. On the SG&A, I guess last quarter you were guiding for 10% to 11% of sales. This quarter you are guiding for 11% to 12% of sales. Could you just run through why you're kind of taking up the outlook there and how we should think about the long-term operating model? Thank you. 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  Well, I think... this is Donald. Just to elaborate on a couple of points, we present our results on a GAAP basis and one can dispute whether the... our competition that does on a non-GAAP cash basis is correct. But one of the key points is we do have a lot of stock based compensation, the non-cash based stock compensation, which was around $4 million in the quarter, and a lot of that goes into the operating expense, particularly the SG&A line item. So, we had $4.1 million of non-cash stock based compensation in the third quarter. So that has been trending up as the stock option expenses trends up because we had benefited in the past from a accelerated vesting for certain options which no longer take place. So, that and other reasons to keep competitive offers has resulted in an increase in non-cash based stock expense and that is in the numbers for the third quarter, plus the R&D expense that Keith mentioned associated with ramping of Gresham facility. So these are the two major reasons on... plus a bit of a bonus as well. These are the two major reasons for... three major reasons for operating expense.  The guidance we gave for the fourth quarter with operating expense are approximately 20% of revenue, is pretty much in line with what we have been saying for the last few quarters, and we don't really see that changing above that 20% next year. But you've got approval that PCs, in particular temporarily we jack up the R&D and we don't see that increasing from its current basis, and you've got to look at the impact of the non-cash stock-based expense. 
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. So, I am sorry, OpEx, we should be thinking about in 20% range R&D --? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  Once again, that's... our model are between depending on the top line 19.5% to 20%. That's the kind of range we look at. 
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley:  And you guys like R&D in this 8% to 9% of sales range also? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  Well, 11% to 12% for SG&A and 8% to 9% for R&D and these are models that we look at or we announced when we had our analyst day. We gave our long term strategic model, which was $450 million, on a top line 45% gross margin and 19.5% to 20% operating expense. So that's a model we still maintain and that's the one we are operating towards. 
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Ramesh Misra from Collins Stewart, your line is open. 
Ramesh Misra - Collins Stewart:  Thanks, good morning guys. First question was in regard to the notebook arena. Keith, you've mentioned in the past that this is an area of significant pursuit for ON Semi. Can you give us an idea of how you anticipate that to ramp over the next few quarters, where that portion of that business is out of your overall PC business in the near term and how that trends further out? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, so, notebooks have been the smallest portion of our PC business. We've been dominantly desktops and servers. In our content, if you go back to '06, inside of a notebook computer, the opportunity for content there was less than about $0.50. Over the next eight to 10 quarters, we expect that $0.50 to be ramping up above $8 of content on a fairly regular basis. So, we're expecting significant growth from a content perspective on a quarter-by-quarter basis. And I would expect notebooks would be a larger percentage of our total, again on a quarter-by-quarter basis. There's a number of design wins we've already gotten with our new products, taking that number well over $1.5 for the first quarter of 2008. And again, there's a fairly steep ramp in our content capability from there over the next eight quarters. 
Ramesh Misra - Collins Stewart:  Okay. So, in the early part of '08 you are still under the $2 mark? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Still under $2 in the early part of '08, correct. It doesn't get over $2 until the second half of '08. We do... we expect to see some ramps there using our controllers and that would almost double that number. 
Ramesh Misra - Collins Stewart:  Got it. In regards to Gresham, you've talked in the past about pursuing other foundry customers in addition to LSI. Can you provide us an update on where that stands? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Our... we are expecting to see more of a ramp for our high frequency copper processes as we enter next year. We had hoped that would ramp earlier, but as it turns out, the customer quals have taken longer than we expected. So we do expect to see some ramps from that sector, but no other significant foundry customers coming on line other than those products. 
Ramesh Misra - Collins Stewart:  Okay. And then finally in regards to the portion of your test and assembly business that you outsource, can you provide an update in terms of pulling that in into your China facility and do you expect the proportion that you are outsourcing to actually decline on your test and assembly side? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, we do. We continue to pull things in and I would expect that that would continue into 2008 and our plan there would be to pull out approximately 100 basis points of outsourcing in that sector year-on-year. 
Ramesh Misra - Collins Stewart:  Okay, thanks very much. 
Operator:  Our next question or comment comes from the line of Craig Berger from FBR. Your line is open. 
Craig Berger - FBR:  Good morning, thanks for taking the question. We've kind of addressed this, but just to be clear on the foundry business. I think you used to say your breakeven gross margin was around... would be around $30 million in quarterly revenues and looks like you are about breakeven or a little positive this quarter. So is the new breakeven level kind of in the $21 million range? 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  This is Donald here. That's probably under $25 million. 
Craig Berger - FBR:  Under 25. 
Donald Colvin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer:  And the reason being we have taken reduced cost basis, so under $25 million. 
Craig Berger - FBR:  Okay. Next question is can you just help us understand do you have any insight into what your customers component inventory levels look like? You grew 6% sequential, I am trying to understand how much of that is a restocking effect that maybe will not be repeated in Q4 or Q1? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Generally speaking, customer inventories are in pretty good shape. We talked about the distribution channel, we can measure that very directly with the systems we have. On the OEM side, again what we have observed is they are trying to push more and more inventory back to the component suppliers and that is a very noticeable approach that they are taking there. And so again in our checks with the customers, they are very lean in that OEM channel as well. So I would not expect to see any impact on sales based on changes in inventory above and beyond what I've described earlier as the normal seasonality for the fourth quarter. 
Craig Berger - FBR:  And on lead times, you guys said there was no change there. What's kind of the range that you guys are operating at? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Again, the volume products are 8 to 10 weeks. 
Craig Berger - FBR:  8 to 10 weeks. Thanks. 
Operator:  Our final question and comment comes from the line of Mr. Kevin Cassidy from Thomas Weisel Partners. Your line is open. 
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Thank you. Just a couple more questions about the ASP decline, can you say which of your competitors were putting the pressure on, was it Asian manufacturers, European manufacturers, US based? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  The ASPs have been very broad based this year. There is not one misbehaved competitor as it were, nor is it really acceleration of any Asian based influence. It is in my estimation nothing more complex than there is enough supply to meet all the demand and you've got some very large consumer manufacturers that have very large buying power, that end up driving that process. So, the simple answer is it's really not a competitive landscape reaction, I think it's a broad market reaction, and I believe those ASP declines are fairly consistent across the rest of our markets. 
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Okay. So how about within your product groups, which one does it affect the most, is it digital consumer products --? 
Keith Jackson - President and Chief Executive Officer:  It typically affects the Standard Products Group the most. It is again more... felt more in the discrete lines than it is in the analog lines. 
Kevin Cassidy - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the ON Semiconductor third quarter earnings release conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-19 09:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Dan Janson - VP, IR   Mark S. Frey - EVP and CFO   Mark S. Thompson - President and CEO 
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities   Craig A. Ellis - Citigroup   Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates   Quinn Bolton - Needham & Co.   Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.   Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers   Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities   Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan   Kevin Cassidy - Piper Jaffray & Co 
Operator: Good morning and afternoon, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference for questions and answers after the presentation.  I will now turn the call over to Dan Janson so that we may begin. Go ahead Dan. 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Yes, good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor's second quarter 2007 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's President and CEO, and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO.  Let me begin by mentioning that we are attending a couple of investor conferences this quarter including the Pacific Crest Tech Forum in Vail and Citigroup's Annual Tech Conference in New York.  Mark Frey will start today's call with a review of our second quarter financial results and discuss our forward guidance for the third quarter of 2007. Mark Thompson will then address in more detail our pipeline results, end markets and operational performance. Finally, we will reserve time for questions and answers.  The call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days.  Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. Now these statements including all statements of our future results and performance are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC.  In addition, during the call we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains 2007 Q2 fact sheet, updated financial section and an updated unaudited financial highlights including detailed breakouts of segment and regional revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA.  Now, I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Dan. Good morning and thanks for joining us. I am sure most of you had a chance to review the financial results that we released earlier this morning. So I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. Keep in mind that our second quarter numbers included an entire quarter of System General results.  Sales for the second quarter were up $6.3 million or 2% sequentially. As expected, Q1 did mark a drop for us in the latest semiconductor cycle and represented a relatively modest sales decline of 5% and adjusted growth margin decrease of 270 basis points from peak to trough. This is a substantially better cycle management than we have ever recorded, and we look forward to the next phase of the cycle where we expect to drive further top-line growth and increase margins above our prior peak. We continue to closely match our output to the improving end market demand which drove higher factory loadings during the quarter. Remember that there is about one quarter offset from when we changed factory loadings to when we see the financial impact on the P&L.  Adjusted gross margin improved 20 basis points sequentially and should benefit significantly in Q3 from the higher factory loadings in the second quarter. We also anticipate a favorable impact on gross margin from improved product mix in the third quarter.  Adjusted operating expenses were $89.1 million, $5 million higher than the prior quarter and favorable to our guidance range of $91 million to $93 million. Recall that our first quarter operating expenses benefited from some non-recurring credits and lower legal expenses. We came in at under forecast due to good cost controls, lower bonus accruals and legal expenses. We expected a.... as expected our net interest and other expenses increased to $5.5 million in the second quarter due to a reduction in interest income from our lower level of invested cash after the System General acquisition.  Now I would like to review second quarter highlights for our sales and gross margin performance for each of our product groups. The Analog Products Group recorded a 6% sequential increase in sales to $84.6 million, paced by another record sales quarter for our analog switches. APG adjusted gross margin improved slightly compared to first quarter.  In our Functional Power Group, sales totaled $225.2 million, a sequential decrease of 1% primarily due to continued mix-out actions in high voltage business as well as some selective geographic weakness.  Adjusted gross margin was down slightly from the prior quarter and was negatively impacted by pricing pressure primarily in our low voltage business especially in the desktop computer and gaming space.  The Standard Products Group posted 3.5% sequential increase in sales and also improved their adjusted gross margin by more than a point driven by improved product mix.  Turning to our balance sheet, internal inventories were essentially flat with prior quarter. Our days of inventory declined slightly. DSO is essentially flat with the prior quarter at about 39 days. Cash and marketable securities increased $19 million to 470... $447.8 million in the second quarter which reflected cash flow from operations of $49.5 million and capital spending of $34 million.  Turning now to our forward guidance, we expect third quarter revenues to be up 2% to 4% and gross margin to be approximately 100 to 236 basis points higher sequentially. At the start of the third quarter we had about 90% of the sales guidance booked and scheduled to ship. We expect R&D and SG&A spending to be approximately $88 million to $90 million in the third quarter as we continue to exercise good control over spending. Net interest and other expenses are expected to be $5 million to $5.5 million for the third quarter.  Given the greater stability of our business during the last cycle, we will no longer be providing a scheduled mid-quarter update. Of course, if we need to materially alter guidance we will issue a press release as appropriate. Many of you follow us closely and know that we attend major investor conferences each quarter and review publicly our business conditions at those venues. Our Investor Relations website has been voted one of the best among mid-cap stocks that includes the comprehensive financial package including segment breakouts. We are committed to providing excellent investor communications and try ourselves in providing a high degree of transparency to the financial community.  Now I'll turn over to Mark Thompson. 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark. As expected, the first quarter marked the inflection point in the cycle for Fairchild, and we were able to expand sales and growth margins once again in Q2.  We increased our cross gross margin of 48 points while recording only a modest decrease in sales in the past cycle by making a number of improvements to our supply chain and cycle management processes. The impact of these changes is most noticeable in our internal and channel inventories which have remained within target range throughout the entire cycle. In fact, our internal inventories entering the second quarter were among the lowest in the industry.  We have also focused a great deal of our management time and resources on new product development and mix improvements during the last cycle. I would like to take a few minutes to review our progress and talk about some of the current trends of the end markets and our operations.  The APG business, including the full quarter of System General results, have posted the best growth in the company with sales of nearly $85 million in the second quarter. We expect APG to grow strongly in 2007 as we benefit from a number of new products and design wins. The power conversion product line now accounts for 55% of total APG sales and is benefiting from the addition of System General products and technical capabilities.  With the help of Tom Yang and the System General management team, we developed a detailed roadmap to drive significant margin improvement in this business over the next two years. We are also benefiting from a strong power conversion demand environment as distributor resales grew 8% sequentially in Q2.  Our analog switch products reported record sales in the second quarter growing more than 20% sequentially due to new wins of major handset customers. Our latest USB and multimedia switches are also driving additional business as well... at well above average margin.  Our micro-SerDes sales were down in the second quarter as we just had a major handset customer impacted results and is inspected also way on Q3 performance. We are engaged with all the major handset manufacturers and expect to gain important design wins in the second half that will further diversify our customer base. We won new designs for their high voltage control ICs for compact fluorescent lights and are excited about the potential of this rapidly growing market.  Finally, we secured our first analog voltage regulators design win with a major handset customer and have more in the pipeline for the second half. Our analog strategy is on track, and we expect to post strong sales and margin gains in the third quarter.  Our FPG sales were down slightly in Q2 due to some softness in high voltage products in the Americas and Europe coupled with the continued effort to mix-out low margin business.  The low voltage business nearly offset the weakness in high voltages as demand in the notebook and LCD TV market was up significantly in the quarter. Order rates for our optimized MOSFET for notebook applications have been very strong, and our 13-week backlog as we entered Q3 is up more than 20% from the quarter ago. We have seen some pricing pressure in the FPG markets as lower game sales for some competitors to look for other markets to absorb this supply.  Our Smart Power Module posted record sales again in Q2, and we won new designs in white good applications with Japanese, European and Asian customers during the quarter. We are tracking to more than a 40% annual growth rate for the SPM business for 2007, and we expect this business to continue to benefit from the increased emphasis on driving greater energy with efficiency in appliance, motor, power supplies and flat screen TVs.  Similarly, our Driver MOS solutions that enable greater efficiency and high frequency power management applications continue to win new designs in the computing end markets. We also secured new design for our IntelliMAX, intelligent load switch products at a number of major handset manufacturers. We believe the combination of advanced silicon based technology and a rowing line-up of new functional product solutions will enable steady improvement in FPG sales and financial results.  FPG sales were up $3 million and adjusted growth margin improved more than a point sequentially in Q2. Our new family of logic translators expect to see a nice step-up in sales in Q3 as new designs reach production.  I'll now review end market demand and some key operational metrics. Sales by end market were generally within our expectations during the second quarter. We recorded a greater sales growth for products and services, computing and consumer applications where we saw some softness for certain industrial applications in the U.S. Order rates for Q3 and Q4 were highest for the computing, consumer and handset end markets. We built backlog during the quarter as order rates improved significantly over the prior period.  Our distributors recorded about a 1% increase in resale and ended Q2 at roughly slight inventories from the prior quarter. We made significant progress during the last cycle in driving distributor resales growth. In fact, our cross resale level excluding the impact of SG were 20% higher this cycle versus the last.  We increased factory loading in response to higher demand during the quarter and are now running all our fabs at about 85% utilization. Average lead times increased slightly during the quarter to a range of 10 to 12 weeks with the longest lead times continue to be in our analog power conversion and leading edge functional power products that continue to experience strong demand.  Let me wrap up with a quick summary of our progress and my view of how we are positioned as we enter the new cycle. We have accomplished a number of important objectives during the last cycle as we reported historically high growth profit margins... as to high cost gross margin and a record low peak of power sales corrections.  Our resales growth was strong during the cycle and were posted as one of the best inventory management performances in the industry. The many new products and design wins I reviewed earlier are the results of our greater focus on new product development and efforts to become more important supplier to our customer.  The acquisition of System General, which remains unscheduled to be completed in Q3, is a critical catalyst in improving the value of our power conversion business. We enter this new cycle with a foundation of strong supply chain and channel management, comfortable inventory levels and the best pipeline of new products in our history. Our focus now is clearly on raising peak gross margins and earnings as we progress through the emerging semiconductor cycle.  Thanks and I'll turn the call back to Dan. 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks Mark. We will now open the call to questions. I would ask you in order to allow more of you to ask question to limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks again and let's take the first question. 
Question And Answer:
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Michael Masdea; go ahead. Please state your question. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: I am Mr. Ross calling in. In your press release, you talked about higher order rates driving longer lead times. Could you discuss how much of the order increase you attribute to higher lead times and what you do think order rates would have done, had lead times remained flat? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We wouldn't attribute any of the higher order rates to increase lead times. The increase in lead-time is very small and if we look at the effect of that, we don't believe it's any of increased order rates. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And so can you just further discuss then, I mean as we go into the second half year... of the year, what is the overall costumer mentality and what is your outlook for the second half? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the general outlook for the second half across all the segments is in aggregate. People are seeing stronger general demand than they saw in the first half of the year and that's we believe what's driving the higher order rates. Obviously there are some very strong segments, notebook computing as a particularly strong segment that stands at the top of that. There is also certainly some selective customer weakness and enhance that for example that's at the lower end of that range. But in aggregate we see a more positive environment in the second half of the year than we saw in the first half. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And finally could you just give a book to bill? I don't know if you gave that earlier. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't give specific book to bills, but as we said in the call, the order rates were up significantly over our last quarter's and we did build backlog during the quarter. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis. Go ahead Craig, your line is now open. 
Craig A. Ellis - Citigroup: Thank you. The question is for Mark Frey. Mark, you mentioned in the third quarter gross margins would benefit from mix. Is that really an inter-segment dynamic or an intra-segment dynamic or would something that might be happening within functional products or analog? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's Tom, Craig, we will have a higher component of analog business. It will grow faster than the other businesses. But we are also doing mix-up operations within product lines, like high voltage and even the FPG areas [ph]. 
Craig A. Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. And for high voltage functional powers, the right way to think about margin improvement there is still the next shrink that's coming down to 35 and that enabling a lower cost and a better margin on the products? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct. Although that will be more of an influence in the fourth quarter. 
Craig A. Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. All right. Thank you guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Smigie. Go ahead Steve, your line is now open. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Great, thanks. You guys did see some nice margin improvement, but revenues were a little short of the mid point of your guided range. Just curious what were the factors that were maybe... might have had you a little bit short of mid point from the revenue? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Probably the weakness in the higher voltage that we mentioned as we were being more selective with market opportunities in order to mix up our gross margin profile. 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Probably the other point I would add to Mark's comment is that we are not relying on significant improvement in some customer specific cellular space as well. If that happens then that will be a positive but we thought it imprudent to place that into our guidance. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. So would you say that you could have a little bit higher revenue if you decided not to walk away from business during the quarter, is that...? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: And if I can just ask on the outlook for Q3, I mean you have also talked about improving order rate, better back half, strong notebooks. You are really being fairly conservative here or given some of the data points, given you had Europe up in your guidance shift in the Q3? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't call it conservative. We would regard it as prudent. Our philosophy on guidance is that it's a reliable estimate that doesn't require a disproportionate share of good news or happy results. So certainly there would be upside in any of our guidance models if certain positive events were to happen. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me also add that we don't guide more than one quarter ahead because we don't have the visibility. So when you talk about for fourth quarter we'll have to see how this recovery develops. 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: You know Steve I would only add to that if you look historically say for the last five years, our sequential revenue growth from Q2 to Q3 has typically been at that flat, typically down a little bit. Now in the last couple of years obviously we have made great strives at improving for better stability and better cycle management. And so last year was probably a better more instructive example of what, as we are running the business to really meet consumption that we could do. And we were up little lower 2.5% quarter-on-quarter in Q3. So our mid point of guidance is higher than that. So from our perspective we are probably guiding for at least seasonal maybe little better than seasonal going forward. And of course you have to recognize that Q3 is by its nature a back-end loaded quarter where we typically see that are still happening more late in the quarter. And so you have to give yourself little room there as well. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton. Go ahead Quinn, you line is now open. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Co.: I just wanted to follow on that last question, Dan, about the seasonality. I think this time last year you guys actually commented that you are starting to see a shift in the quarterly pattern of revenues where you might see more growth in September and less growth in December. Given that you are guiding to, sort of 2% to 4 % growth here in September, do you think you are going to see historical growth rates in the fourth quarter? Do you think we are staring to see some of that fourth quarter strength getting pulled into the September quarter given you are more consumer focused or just dominance of consumer products? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sothere is a couple of moving parts there. First is that as we commented before that we have changed our supply chain practices so much that we actually have to pretty heavily discount our historical cycle performance. So we actually don't have a lot of data in terms of the way we currently run the company, what the cycle performance is and what the quarter-to-quarter progression is. So this is actually, with our current supply chain model, this is our first fresh up cycle, if you will. And so we just... we don't have a model to predict that. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Co.: Okay. Looking further to that question for Mark, if I look into sort of the gross margin improvements in Q3 of 100 to 200 basis points, wondering if you can comment, I think you guys had previously said you are targeted to exit the year at the 32% to 33% level. Is that still a good estimate for the end of the year? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we are not guiding for Q4 but the drivers for margin improvement is, first of all, volume, which drives factory efficiency and drives up margins. A better product mix as you have seen in all of our businesses and new products that we sell at higher prices particularly in the analog stakes. And we see positive momentum in Q3 and we see that positive momentum continuing in Q4 but we will have to wait until Q4 begins to, actually see what guidance is going to look to like. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Co.: Okay, but am I wrong? I mean, I thought you guys had previously talked about a 32% to 33% target for the end of the year. Am I mistaken? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, the model that we put out at the beginning of the year was... what we tried to communicate was, if we exceeded $450 million with assumed mix that we would have modeled that in the 32.5% to 33.5% range. So the... I guess the first operative question, maybe they're still... we are still happy with our mix. And we are happy with the progression of new products and the design wins. The biggest question mark is the top line. And so the model is still a sound model and it depends on what the revenue will turn out to be. And as of course at this stage it's... we see Q4, the early evidence is that it's likely to be stronger than Q3, whether it's strong enough to drag it above the 450 line or not is just... we just don't have enough data to reliably put that number out there. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You know Quinn I would just kind of summarize what we've just said by saying that look, we come into this up cycle with very lean inventories. Our channel inventory is at right where we wanted, certainly within our target range. We are in a position where we are basically matching the consumption rate. And so, that's really going to be kind of the operative thing for us. As that demand picks up and the end markets that we're in, we've got a very diverse end market exposure. As those end markets pick up, we don't have any sort of an inventory overhang, that's... to hold us back. So we are going to grow at those end markets. You've heard us talk about the new product drivers. We think that's going to help us as well. We've got some great content improvements, especially in the handset world that will help us. So there is lot of favorables here that are going to help us to grow the top line. And as long as you know, those markets perform well in the second half and you can expect Fairchild to perform quite well as well. Obviously, we are not at a point where we can guide Q4 at this point, but we like what we see ahead of us. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Co.: Great. Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra. Go ahead Tristan. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Your resales to be up sequentially this quarter and where would you expect then these inventories to be at the end of Q3 in weeks? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We expect our inventories to be approximately flat within... we are in the range where we want to be in. And the noise should just be random noise. It should be relatively at the same level. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And analog products gross margins are now three quarters in a recovery. Once you get to the 90% utilization rates, where do you think those analog gross margin can go and what's the new peak potential? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, we expect the strongest margin progression in the company to be in the analog in the third quarter. So if you look at our... both our revenue and our margin progression in the third quarter for the company, the biggest driver of that will be analog. And so we feel very confident that last year at the analyst day, we set a three year goal of driving margins above 45% and moving cumulative revenues close to $500 million per year. And we feel that we are on track for that. And Q3 will be another significant step toward that long-term goal. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from our next question from Romit Shah. Go ahead Romit. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Hi, thanks guys. I am just going back to an earlier question. I mean given the stronger orders and extending lead times, I would have expected to see a stronger acceleration now in Q2, into Q3 as well. And you mentioned that you are walking away from some business. Can you just elaborate on that and why it's potentially more than you previously thought? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: So the biggest portion of business that we are moving away from, are in planer high voltage MOSFETs. And what we are doing there is making room for the next generation high voltage MOSFETs that Craig asked about earlier in the call in our Bucheon factory and that we expect strong demand for those products and we don't want to capitalize low margin business. So we are lining up for exiting some of those businesses. It's always difficult to control exactly the rate at which you exit a business because you have to commit to supply to a customer and then you work with them while they find alternative supply. And so that wound up in the second quarter, certainly moving faster than we had originally modeled. In the long term we don't see that as a bad thing at all. In the short term it provided a little bit of a headwind from a revenue point of view but from a margin point of view of course it's stable. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: And is that an element that could impact your revenue growth in Q3 as well? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well that the increased rate of that is factored into our guidance. So I wouldn't expect it to be an incremental negative to the guidance. It's already included in the way we modeled it. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Romit the other point that I would make is that we said in the last couple of quarters that there is an offset in seeing the increased loadings hitting the P&L. So as we said the guidance in Q3 comprehends that increased factory loadings that we had in Q2. Here is the point I would make is that this was a much more stable cycle for us. In the past when we had bigger sales and gross margin corrections it was... we would typically see the larger and faster bounce back because we were much lower and we were so dramatically under a shifting consumption. We really haven't done that this cycle. So we have presented a much smaller gross margin reset less than 3 percentage points. It's certainly the best in our history and better than many peers. So I think people should expect that it's going to be a steady nice progression going forward but more stable in that progression trajectory. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: And what's the fab loading strategy for the second half of the year? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the strategy is eluded to match end demand in a net sense. So we think that, that will wind up loading up particularly the MOSFET plants incrementally across the year. The analog one is a little bit harder to model in the sense that we are in the middle of an 8 inch conversion. And so the moment you switch on your 8 inch conversion your capacity goes up dramatically and so your loadings go down significantly. However it doesn't have a big negative impact. And so we will be... we are still working through that trajectory and we'll be talking about that some more particularly at analyst day is the good time to provide a little bit more detail into the moving parts on that. So we will be... we do anticipate, the loading is going down fairly significantly at analog but not to the detrimental of the financial performance. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And just Mark lastly, Intersil made a comment yesterday that they are seeing some double ordering in their computing business. Are you guys seeing any of that as well? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We put a lot of work into scrubbing backlog integrity as part of the supply chain processes we've worked over the last cycle. And we feel very good that we understand the integrity of our backlog very well and feel quite confident that there is no material double ordering represented in our current backlog. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator instructions]. We now have a question from Craig Berger, go ahead Craig. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wonder if you talk a little about System General. I guess you guys have had about four or five months since you acquired System General. Can you discuss some of the synergies you have identified and maybe how long it did... would take for you to roll those benefits through the rest of the company? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So we feel more enthusiastic about the potential for System General to impact our business even then we did a close. We are very much... and I think anticipated in your question, we are still in the planning. We are on the custody of transitioning from the planning stage to the execution stage. And so, if you look at where we expected to begin to meaningfully move the needle, just begins in Q4 and actually plays out quite dramatically across... across '08 and particularly, in the form of an expanded portfolio and more complete solutions to our power supply customers as one of the dimensions.  But the other dimension is that that they have some design and process insights that are allowing us to do some quite significant dye size reductions on some high volume products. And those will be rolling through the product family, starting in Q4 and then and really moving across '08. So our general goal that we articulated when we started as we bought a 45 point business and we were operating a low 30 point businesses that we believed that we can use their model and more complete product families to get the overall family above 40%. And we've now identified kind of all the moving parts to do that and have turned those into specific plans and are beginning to execute those across the company. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Great. I see here. Can you comment on chip pricing maybe within some of your main segments or in total? 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Yes, I mean, overall... Craig, this is Dan. Pricing was pretty much within our range of expectations. We noted in the script that we saw some pressure in the low voltage area in particular. I think as we talked about publicly last quarter because the gaming end market was a little slower than people had predicted we found some of the competitors looking for homes for those products that we typically saw on to the gaming markets, generally had better margins, looking for homes in the desktop space. And so we saw some pressure in that market. And so, we got a little more selective in that business, but it obviously still impacted us a little bit. The rest of market was pretty much where we expected it to be. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: So what... that's down 1% to 2% sequential? 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: That's correct. Yes. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay. Can you comment on your assembly test capacity? Do you see any shortages forming? How much do you do in turnovers at external? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What we have know some packages that are inside supply, but generally, across the board we have got plenty of room to move up in utilization in our back-end processes. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: How much is internal versus external? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: External is about 60%, internal about 40%. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay. Just stepping back looking at the big picture. The gross margins to, you are still in the below 30% range. Looks like you may break above 30% here in Q3. But over the long term, what can you guys do to secularly increase gross margins to say 35% or 40%? Obviously, System General you touched on but what else and that's kind of how quick? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You can refer back to our analyst day presentation. I think there is still a table on our website that shows three-year progressions of our three businesses separately. And so we look at our margin progression separately for each one of them and then we believe that they will grow at different rates. When you sum those two functions, you come up with a gross margin range that we presented last year between 36% and 38% weighted for the company, over a three year period. I think we've already explained the analog component of that, which was to grow that business to around $500 million and to achieve margins above 45%. It incorporated expectations that we roughly maintained the FPG business where it is today but move its margin profile to the 23% to 27% range. And in the functional power business to move it into where we see other discrete companies operating very easily today 35% to 37%. And we see ourselves progressing on all those fronts.  FPG actually met the higher end of its target last year and then stepped down in the down cycle. We also moved the product line that that was below the average. That kind of reset FPG, now down to about 20%, but we see them through cost controls and through continued product mix being able to move at continually up into the mid to upper 20s. And so when you combine those three factors, we still expect to be able to move our margins into the 36% to 38% range. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Great. Thank you for that detail. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Craig. 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Next question please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shawn Webster. Go ahead Shawn, your line is now open. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. Can I verify something? Did you say your utilization rates were in the high 80s on average for your factory network? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We said above 85%. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For our fabs. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: For your fabs. Do you expect them to tip above 90% in Q3? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we will probably in jump a little bit depending on how demand plays out through the quarter. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then on the... can you tell us what that $5.5 million restructuring charge was? And do you expect similar charges in Q3 or Q4? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, It primarily consisted of the closure of a small manufacturing facility in Singapore, which we think will allow us to lower our costs in that product area and the consolidation of two development operations in Colorado, which we also think will increase efficiency of some R&D operations, combined with some asset impairments for some manufacturing equipments which was obsoleted by certain process improvements that we put in place that create cheaper economies on other equipments and obsoleted some of the underlying equipment.  And yes, we continue to look for opportunities to lower both our manufacturing spending and also our global line spending. And so you saw it in Q4 when we sold some reserves for IT programs that we want to drive our IT expenses down as a percentage of revenue. We did some additional modest ones in Q1 and Q2. And I would expect to see again some modest actions in the second half of the year as well. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Just as a reminder, also when we provided gross margin targets to the company that was a accompanied with below line targets of 20% OpEx, divided 7% for R&D and 13% SG&A. We are operating above that level in SG&A and we expect through cost management and through revenue increases that we will still be able to attain that, to get within the three year period. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then the... so the OpEx targets that you gave us exclude any kind of restructuring charges you may be doing in Q3 as well? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think we would need to again do some normal operational improvements that would not be viewed... would not be part of restructuring. That would take our OpEx down. We would have revenue growth that would not drive OpEx growth and we will have restructuring operations... our restructuring actions that would... as more discontinue... discontinuous manner take our OpEx down or manufacturing effects down. So, all three of those phenomena will contribute to a general progression to an OpEx model of about 20%. 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: So Shawn, just to summarize that. We are not expecting to take any more charges related to these kind of things that you heard about that were the result of the $5.5 million charge that we recorded in Q2. We will now have a minor charge for the purchase accounting that we'll be doing... that will be in the last piece of our System General charge that we'll take. That will be in Q3 and that will be in the end of that. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks and then a final quick one on the SG. Can you tell us what the revenues for that were for Q2? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are not breaking out specific numbers. Actually, it is hard to partition at this point. They're sufficiently blended with our core power conversion business that I am not sure we would know how we to report it separately. So we don't. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: But you would see growth in our power conversion business. 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra. Go ahead Tristan. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: In the past you have seen benefits from a strong euro. What impact does it currently have on your pricing and specifically your pricing outlook relative to some of your MOSFET competitors in Europe? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You know we get this question from time to time. And it's always a tough one for us Tristan, because ultimately it would imply that sales guys are motivated by exchange rates. And I don't know if that we've ever noticed that connection. We see the European guys, Infineon, NXP and so on being as aggressive as they've ever been. So I don't know if there's really any difference in their behavior. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me also point out that probably half the cost of a MOSFET is the package and everybody packages in either Malaysian currencies or Chinese currencies or Philippine currencies. So everyone is sort of equal in that regard and at least one of the European competitors, fabs in Malaysia. So there might be marginal... 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Pricing with dollars. 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, and also the pricing structure tends to be in dollars worldwide. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy. Go ahead Kevin. Kevin your line is now open. 
Kevin Cassidy - Piper Jaffray & Co: Yes thank you. This is Kevin Cassidy from Piper Jaffray. On the lead time stretching out, can you say what part was... was that fab loading or was it test and assembly that pushed it out? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Test and assembly is the most common. 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Right. 
Kevin Cassidy - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. And also what was your split between disti and OEM? 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: About 69% disti and the remainder is OEM and EMS. 
Kevin Cassidy - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. And how about, within the disti, how much is Asia and versus the rest of the world? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Asia is more disti oriented than rest of the world but we don't really publish those specific split-outs. 
Kevin Cassidy - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. And are you building backlogs for fourth quarter now? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes 
Kevin Cassidy - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have a question from Craig Berger. Go ahead Craig. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Could you guys comment on a little bit on the industrial weakness? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. From an end market we've commented earlier about the... a piece of that is minimizing our presence in planer MOSFET which tends to map pretty heavily into the industrial segment. So that's certainly a chunk of it. We also saw North America being pretty weak in the quarter. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Is that at all related to the kind of weakening, home building environment, weakening consumer etcetera or completely different? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's difficult to give it a specific... that tends to be heavily distribution oriented and small customer oriented. So understanding the dynamics of those end market from the distributor is all that hard to do. And so I am not sure we could provide coherent color there. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Smigie. Go ahead Steve. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Great, thank you. I think this question was partially asked earlier but for the inventory in the channel I think in the last call you had then said about 11 weeks. And I was just curious today if it inched up a little bit from there? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: It was closer to 12 than 11 weeks and it went up 10th of a week. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: So in that what we would regard is in the noise and albeit, I guess I'd further add we... when we put our targets out of managing our channel inventory 11 weeks plus or minus 1, anywhere within that range we think is completely acceptable in terms of meeting both our turns requirements of our customers and availability for taking opportunistic business. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And if I am reading the numbers right, I think Europe was down about 7% sequentially. I was just curious you comment on how that compared to seasonal, normal seasonality? 
Mark S. Frey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well Q1 is normally very good for Europe seasonally and it was particularly good for us in Q1. So it was more of a comparison with a very strong Q1 number than real seasonal weakness in Q2. 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Yes our Q1 was the strongest European Q1 that we've had probably since the roll-off [ph]. I mean it was a really big quarter for us. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: And then on micro-SerDes, I know UMAX was a little bit weak here and the comment I think you made was that you are working on some diversification of handset customers. Was that specific to micro-SerDes or was that was just in general? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, that's a general comment. So, we have very active diversification to really have all of the top five handset manufacturers significantly represented in our sales mix. That's not been the case for Fairchild historically, and we put a lot of effort into making sure that it's broadened. We made significant strides to broaden that during 2007, but that's a process that will continue across 2008. And it's across... it's really across all of our ultra-portable analog products. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And just the last question was on specifically on the micro-SerDes, it seems like a pretty good product and I know you'd had a good bit of successes in handset design wins, and also it has seen... I think the photo makers. I was curious if you could talk how that's looking on photo makers as they start to penetrate into new applications and if you've seen any competition come into that market? 
Mark S. Thompson - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a couple of things. I mean it is a very attractive space. And so we are seeing some highly respected competitors enter that space. It remains highly focused for us at least on cellular. We are doing some work in printing applications. But I guess what I would add is that even with the downward tick in the second quarter and we expect a substantial growth in 2007 are like 3x kind of versus 2006 and that trajectory continuing then into '08? 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: I mean Steve, if we'd had all of the handset guys clicking on all cylinders, we probably would have had 4x growth, so 3x growth is still pretty respectable there. And one of the things that we have noted in this space is, as Mark said we have been very focused on the handset market because even within the handset market, the potential applications seem to be growing here where this used to be more of a claim self slider application. We are seeing interest... we keep our guys because they are seeing the benefits of the simplification of their design by using this micro-SerDes type solutions, as driving cost savings and then other benefits to them. So we see the market actually growing within the handset space more we originally contemplated. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot guys. 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: There is time for one more question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. If there are no other questions, I will now turn the conference back to Dan. 
Dan Janson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you very much and I appreciate everybody's interest in Fairchild. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen if you wish to access the replay for this call you may do so by dialing 1-866-286-6997or 440-207-906-8543 with the playback reference ID number of 207938#. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for your participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-19 09:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Dan Janson - VP of IR   Mark Frey - EVP and CFO   Mark Thompson - President and CEO 
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   Craig Ellis - Citigroup   Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers   Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan   Steve Smigie - Raymond James   Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird   Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities   Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company   Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan   Kevin Cassidy - Piper Jaffray 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open up the conference for questions and answers after the presentation.  I will now turn conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead, sir. 
Dan Janson: Good morning, and thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor's first quarter 2007 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's President and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO.  We will be attending a number of investor conferences this quarter, including the Robert Baird Growth Stock Conference in Chicago; the Piper Jaffray, Credit Suisse and Wedbush conferences in New York. Deutsche Bank's Tech Conference in San Francisco, as well as J.P. Morgan and Merrill Lynch's conferences in Boston. I also want to note that we plan to publish a mid-quarter press release to update our business outlook on June 6, before the market opens.  Mark Frey will start today's call with a review of our first quarter financial results and discuss our forward guidance to the second quarter of 2007. Mark Thompson, will then address in more detail our operational performance and new product plans. Finally, we will reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days.  Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we filed with the SEC.  In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared in according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures, because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website. The website also contains the 2007 Q1 fact sheet, an updated financial section with updated unaudited financial highlights, including detailed breakouts of segment and regional revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA.  Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Mark Frey: Thanks Dan. I am sure most of you had a chance to review our results that we released earlier this morning. So, I will focus on just the key points in my comments. Keep in mind that our first quarter results include System General, for the period after February 5, when we became the majority stockholder.  Sales for the first quarter were 3.7% lower sequentially, which includes $5.1 million of revenue from System General. We continue to tightly control production output to match end market demand. This resulted in lower factory utilization in the first quarter, and caused adjusted gross margins to decrease 80 basis points sequentially. This adjusted gross margin includes a 20 basis point favorable impact from the acquisition of System General.  A relatively modest decline in sales and more stable gross margin compared to past years, are an encouraging result of the many improvements we have made, and how we manage the business cycles.  Operating expenses were lower than the prior quarter, even with the addition of System General's results due to spending controls, adjustment to the bonus accrual, lower than expected legal expenses due to the push-out of the trial with Power Integrations, and some non-recurring credits to spending. Our net interest and other expenses increased to 4.7 million for the quarter due to a reduction in the interest income from our lower level of invested cash.  Now, I would like to review highlights of sales and gross margin performance for our product groups. But before reviewing these results, it's important to note that beginning in the first quarter of 2007, we transferred responsibility for our bipolar transistors product line from FPG to SPG. This business generated approximately $15 million of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2006, at a gross margin substantially below the FPG average.  Management believes that the opportunities and challenges facing this business are better suited to the management-focusing capabilities of the SPG management team. The financial performance of FPG and SPG have been restated in the historical financial metrics published in our website, so that investors can better understand the progression of our businesses. All commentary about product group performance in this conference call, will be based on these restated results.  The Analog Product Group posted sales of $79.9 million, including $5.1 million from System General. APG gross margin increased 80 basis points compared to the fourth quarter, excluding the impact of System General purchase accounting. This was essentially all due to the favorable product mix impact from the addition of System General results.  In our Functional Power Group sales totaled $227 million, a sequential decrease of 3%, while gross margin improved 60 basis points, as a result of relatively stable plant loadings. The Standard Products Group experienced a sequential sales decrease of 7% and a little more than 5 point decrease in gross margin to 19.7%, due primarily to lower factory utilization, product mix and incrementally lower prices.  Reviewing our balance sheet, internal inventories decreased $3.6 million from the prior quarter, when you exclude the $6.1 million we obtained from the System General acquisition. Cash and marketable securities decreased $157.6 million to $428.8 million in the first quarter, which reflected cash flow from operations of $24 million, offset primarily by our net cash payment of $171.8 million to acquire a controlling interest in System General.  Turning now to our forward guidance. We expect second quarter revenues to be up 1% to 4% and gross margin to be approximately flat sequentially. At the start of the second quarter, we had about 90% of the sales guidance booked and scheduled to ship. We expect R&D and SG&A spending to be approximately $91 million to $93 million and net interest and other expenses to be $5 million to $5.5 million for the second quarter. Beginning with this quarter, our guidance includes the expected results of System General.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Thompson. 
Mark Thompson: Thanks Mark. Fairchild delivered solid sales results for the first quarter while continuing to tightly control inventories. I've always believed that we could be one of the most stable semiconductors in the industry given our broad product portfolio and balanced end market exposure. During this cycle, we've shown this greater level of consistency due to our better management and supply chain, and distribution channel.  Exiting the first quarter, we reduced channel inventories slightly and also lowered our internal inventories after adjusting for the impact of the System General acquisition. While the first half of 2007 maybe weaker than normal for the industry, our supply chain is well positioned and we're planning on a number of new product introductions and mix improvements, that we believe will drive greater content and higher margins in the second half of 2007.  I'll begin with a review of the first quarter and then discuss these drivers for higher sales and margins in the rest of 2007. Looking first, sales by product lines. Our FPG business has delivered solid sales, down just 3% as strength in high voltage solutions helped to offset the weakness in the PC space.  APG sales were down about 2% sequentially or 9%, excluding System General, due to a combination of seasonal factors and weaker desktop PC demand and due in part to our efforts to lower inventory.  We were also impacted by selected weakness for analog switch and micro-SerDes for handsets in Q1. We expect that business to begin to rebound in the second quarter, as we have reached a comfortable level of inventory for our products that support the PC end market and anticipate greater new product sales.  Finally, sales were down a little more than average for FPG due to a combination of weaker demand in the PC end market and our own selectivity to maintain margins.  [Sales by] end market were generally in line with our expectations. With the exception of some selected weakness in the handset market. We have seen an improvement in order rates since the Chinese New Year, which enable us to start Q2 with a slightly higher backlog position. We recorded the biggest increase in our order rates for our products supporting the industrial and notebook computer end markets, while the demand remained weak for desktop computers.  Distributor sell-through increased a little more than 1% sequentially and we forecast another sequential increase in resales in the second quarter.  Factory utilization was sequentially lower in the first quarter, but we expect this to improve in the second quarter, as we gradually increase loadings to support higher demand in Q2 and second half of 2007.  Average lead times remained in the range of 9 weeks to 10 weeks, with the longest lead times on our analog power conversion and leading-edge functional power products that continue to experience strong demand.  Putting this all together, we believe that our improved supply chain and channel management process allowed us to turn the corner in this cycle and deliver more stable results than any cycle in our recent history. With this improved process and lean supply chain as our foundation, we can focus more keenly on the fundamentally important new product development efforts at Fairchild. Our top priority for 2007 is to accelerate our new product development, introduction, and design wins to achieve our gross margin targets.  Let's review some of the new products that we're working on for 2007. I will begin with analog and our acquisition of System General, which is progressing on schedule. We are integrating the two teams into a single power conversion powerhouse, with expected 2007 sales of over $200 million.  As we move to the integration process, we have gained important insights on how we can transform our existing power conversion business to perform at the level of SG. We are also finding many power supply accounts are excited by our greater ability to service, nearly all of their silicon needs and [we are] actively working on account penetration plan to turn this into higher power conversion revenue.  We're also well-down the path of planning manufacturing synergies that should payback even more than we originally expected over the next few years. As we finalize these plans, we will share quantitative detail with you.  For now, we can iterate, the System General acquisition will definitely help our overall margins and sales across our entire power conversion business.  We're also rolling out our latest [E-Power] solutions that provide better performance and even lower standby power consumption than our previous power switch product. Our customers increasingly require power factor correction to improve efficiency, and Fairchild continues to be a leader in providing standalone and as well as integrated PFC solutions.  We are particularly excited about our line of high voltage power controllers with integrated power factor correction designed for LCD televisions. We recently won a significant amount of new business for these products with a large customer. We see additional opportunities with other customers.  Our signal path products continue to record strong new product growth led by our analog switches. We are the dominant supplier of audio switches to the handset and MP3 player market and are adding USB, multimedia, and HDMI switches to the portfolio. We are also designed in at 11 of the top 12 handset manufacturers and expect to be in all 12 by the end of 2007.  As an all advanced analog solution, integration and the ability to deliver more value to the customer, is the key to staying ahead of the competition. Our innovative multimedia switches deliver on a new level of integration by providing a complete solution for routing all the signals handled through the mini USB port.  We are already seeing strong growth for these new switches, and expect them to help drive more than a 20% annual increase in our analog switch sales in 2007.  In our System Power group, we are rolling out our latest VRD 11 compliant voltage regulators that provide better performance to our PC customers and higher margins for us.  We also released a family of advanced MOSFET drivers that complement our extensive portfolio of MOSFETs. These high performance general purpose analog solutions generate strong margins and are targeted to a wide range of high performance power supplies.  We are particularly excited about our work in high frequency DC-DC voltage regulators for the ultra-portable end market. We expect to release our first products in late Q2 and early Q3, which should generate incremental sales and good margins starting in late Q3 of this year.  We are working on a number of other exciting opportunities in the power analog space. They have the potentials of truly advancing to state-of-the-art, stay tuned for more in coming quarters.  Turning to our functional power products. We released a number of new products on our latest low voltage PowerTrench and high voltage IGBT and Trench processes.  These new products deliver better performance in much smaller die size, which improves their form factor, and our margins. We expect to release more than 30 new Smart Power Modules in 2007, serving a variety of consumers in the industrial end market.  We are on track to begin the shipping of new SPM chipset for the 50-inch plasma display, market this quarter. These innovative solutions greatly simplify the design of the sustaining energy recovery blocks in Plasma televisions, and will drive $25 to $30 of content per TV just from these solutions.  We won our first design for our new Driver MOS product that integrates an advanced driver and MOSFET in a single package. These devices are optimized to support high-frequency switching and are ideal for applications that require small size and greater efficiency at high-frequencies such as PC's and games.  We also expect to release more than 20 new IntelliMAX load switches this year, which are targeted at handset and gaming applications. Both the Driver MOS and IntelliMAX solutions are good examples of how we are using innovative package and IP circuit technologies, to complement our leading MOSFET products to deliver more value to our customers, while driving higher margins in our functional power business.  These are just some of the new products we have planned for 2007. There is much more to come.  Thank you and I will turn it back over to Dan. 
Dan Janson: Thanks Mark. We will open the call now to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks. Now, let's take the first question please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks guys, can you hear me alright? 
Mark Frey: Yes. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. Looks like the revenues were pretty much in line with what people were thinking but on the margin front, I am little confused, as to why the gross margin guidance would be flat, if utilization is going up, you have more System General revenues going up, etcetera? 
Mark Frey: Well, Ross, the gross margin doesn't go in complete lockstep with the sales. The early cost of the sales in Q2 is actually product build in Q1 at lower utilization. So, you get a bit of lag impact on the efficiency of the costs involved. But then we would see that as run through and in a position for Q3 to accelerate rapidly. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: So, the mix from the System General side doesn't offset that lower utilization that blends through from the first quarter. Is that generally the idea? 
Mark Frey: Yes. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: And then the second question, also margin related, would be on the OpEx front. Looks like it was a little lower than expected in the March quarter, but higher for the June quarter. Can you give us an idea how much System General was in each of those two quarters and if that explains that delta? 
Mark Frey: System General is in the $2 million to $3 million range and that's kind of what we pick up. Going forward we are not going to isolate System General. But, yes that is what accounts for the Q2 guidance, and there is a little bit of internal OpEx growth built into that as well, obviously. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Then move on to Craig Ellis with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thank you. First, a clarification. You mentioned that there were three dynamics that impacted Standard Products' margin in the first quarter, mixed utilization and pricing. Can you just break out the relative magnitude of those three? 
Mark Frey: Sure. Mix and pricing is around 100 to 150 basis points and obviously the most important was utilization. And that's because, number one, the sales were down significantly. We did also lower our inventory. So the production build for SPG was pretty dramatic relative to Q4, where we had some sales drop off, but we actually built a little inventory. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. And then the question is really longer-term in nature. And I appreciate the product details and the roadmap insights earlier. Can you help us translate that into how we should think about the relative pace of gross margin improvement, in both Functional Power and Standard Products, and where we might think about exiting the year, with gross margins in those two businesses? 
Mark Frey: Well, I am not going to give you an exit guidance for the individual businesses. But I can tell you that even after moving the bipolar transistors into SPG. We believe that, the management team can get that business in the 23% to 27% intermediate term margin goal for those businesses. And do that on fairly low asset investments and OpEx investments. I think that will be fairly rapid in this year, because there will be a utilization improvement. SPG as you could see, it showed a modest improvement in Q1. So, I think its improvement over the year will be reasonably linear. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. And then should we expect some nice steady improvement in Functional Power's [watermark], especially given the shrink that you have on the high voltage side of that coming up? 
Mark Frey: I actually thought that was, my second statement was Functional Power, that it will show steady improvement from pretty much all of our variables. We've got some mix-up going with some improved processes, particularly in our high voltage business. And we'll have some impact of higher utilization in growth as well I think. 
Mark Thompson: Yeah, so Craig, Mark here just a few other, just to complete the picture. We still believe that with a strong second half, we'll exit as a company in the range that we offered at the beginning of the year. So, if you do the arithmetic on that, I think you will see it requires steady progression across the three product lines with analog moving sharply toward 40 in the back half of the year and progression both from SPG and FPG. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Great. And then lastly CapEx for the year, guys? 
Mark Frey: We're still on our 6% to 8% band. I think we'll be closer to the higher end of that as we assess some opportunities to expand capacity in some areas that will increase profitability. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Great thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shah with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Yes thanks. Can you guys just go over the gross margin target by the end of the year at 32.5% to 33%, how you get there? I know that was your target at the beginning of the year, but now gross margins were a little weaker in March, you are forecasting to be flat in June. So what type of ramp are you guys assuming? And is that mostly volume driven, mix driven or are you expecting additional cost reductions than you previously expected? 
Mark Thompson: About half of the progression of, let's say the 28% base is volume and leverage oriented. And it assumes that sales would be about north of 450 for the non-SG part of the company. The rest would be new products and mix-up improvements. 
Dan Janson: Romit, this is Dan. If you remember the last time that we peaked, we were around 31% and we actually drained some inventory within analog at the time we were doing that. But even then, we were around 31% and that's when we were running the factories at a reasonable utilization rate. So our sense is getting back to 31%, is that first leg, getting the factories loaded back up, which as we said in the call we started to increase factory loadings at the end of last quarter and we expect to continue that through this quarter as demand continues to pickup. And then as Mark said, the next leg it will be a combination of mix and new products. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. So, to get to the 32.5% and 33% gross margin target by the end of the year, sales need to get to the 450 run rate ex System General? 
Mark Thompson: Approximately yes. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And have you guys already started to increase your factory loadings, or is that something you plan to do as the quarter progresses? 
Mark Thompson: Yes, Romit, Mark here. We have already begun the process of increasing factory loadings, although not aggressively during the second quarter. We're continuing to watch the order rate, closely which is strengthening, but we don't want to overrate it. So, as the loading ramps that will occur and the financial impact of that will tend to be in the following quarter. As Mark commented on earlier, is that the utilization rate, typically will more affect the subsequent quarter than the quarter that it actually occurs in. So, there is a strong mix of Q1 loading, baked into the Q2 results, as a natural result of GAAP accounting. 
Mark Frey: I think it's important to keep in mind that we've just come out, for the industry, what, three quarters of sub-seasonal performance. Fairchild has actually experienced two quarters of sub-seasonal [trudge]. And basically we had a flat Q4, which is unusual for us. Our Q1 was down 5%, which is probably a little more than normal.  So given that as a backdrop, clearly, we've been running products through factories at lower factory utilization levels than we typically expect and like. And therefore that shows up in the costs. And so that's what we're going to be shipping this quarter.  But as Mark said, we've already started to increase the factory loadings. Expect to continue that gradual process through Q2, and that just becomes a tailwind for us in margins for the second half for the year. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. Best of luck. 
Operator: We'll now move on to Shawn Webster with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Good morning. Thank you. So, utilization rates were down. Can you tell us what the rates were? I believe they were somewhere in the mid 80s range last quarter. Can you tell us where they sat in Q1? 
Dan Janson: Yeah Shawn this is Dan. We notched down a couple of points. So, we range from low 70s for our analog fab to 90 plus percent range for some of our discrete fabs. So, probably a kind of blended average somewhere in the low 80s, low to mid 80s. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Lower to mid 80s? 
Dan Janson: Yeah. And we expect to see that notch up a few points this quarter. As we said, we've already started loading the factories at a higher rate now. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. How was pricing in the quarter? What did it do sequentially? Can you give us a sense of how the pricing environment is for you in your price sensitive divisions? 
Dan Janson: Well, obviously in some of the businesses, the analog business and so on, the pricing isn't much of an issue. Things are fairly stable there. But in some of the other businesses, and especially in some of the standard products businesses, as you would expect in this part of the cycle, pricing is a little more aggressive, obviously we are managing it carefully. And given that bookings haven't started to improve at a good clip. We are also watching that carefully to be sure that we are poised to take advantage of a stronger demand environment going forward in pricing. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And channel inventory, I think you said came down. Does that mean it's at roughly 11 days? 
Dan Janson: We came down a day in channel. So, we were, as you recall, last quarter we were at the high-end of our range. Our range 11 plus or minus a week. So, we were at closer to 12. So, we came down a day. So, we are very much in a comfortable range right now in the channel.  And remember that was due to our resales being up a little more than a percent, which is pretty strong for us. I mean, when you consider that three quarters of our sales are in Asia and most of that is through the channel, having an up Q1 for resales is a pretty good signal of market share strength for all products going on that channel. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then last question, you said that your backlog was up sequentially, is that correct? How much was it? 
Dan Janson: I would say slightly up. But it's nice to be in a position where we are actually starting the quarter with slightly higher backlog position and we haven't had that for a couple of quarters. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Masdea with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Just in the desktop market, one of your competitors last night was saying that it was pretty strong. Is there any competitive dynamics plan out there? I mean and maybe even to the point, you guys had made a comment, I think it's more in Standard Products Group. Where you talked about maintaining your margins, that's one of reasons for some of the weakness. Can you comment on both of those things that would be appreciated? 
Mark Thompson: So, two things Mike. First is, I am guessing it depends on whether you are defining desktop as including server or not. And I think, if you lump server in with desktop, then it's strong and if you separate server, as we do, from desktop, then the pure desktop portion is weak. So, that I would speculate is the most likely reason for maybe the difference in interpretation. I am not aware, in fact I am fairly confident that there is no company specific competitive dynamic at least as it relates to Fairchild. What was the second question? 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: The other question, I think, when you are going through your SPG commentary, I thought you said something about one of the reasons for some of the weakness being maintaining margins. Anything more color on that or do I misinterpret that? 
Mark Thompson: No. The SPG comment, we did, specifically say those are our most commodity products and our most sensitive to market downturns like we have been in. And so, there are certain businesses that we didn't feel could maintain our margin goals for that business. And so, those are ones that we've selectively backed away from during this cycle. And so that push revenues a little bit. That's consistent with, I believe what we've said along on the SPG, is that, for a while it would be shrinking, as we tuned, or not growing as much as market depending on your view point. As we tuned that up to have a portfolio, that can achieve our long-term margin and operating income goal. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you. 
Operator: We'll now go to Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great, thank you. Could you talk a little bit about how much you think you have left to work down in that Standard Products Group now that you’ve moved some stuff out of Functional Power into that? 
Mark Thompson: There is some more thinning of the portfolio that will occur during 2007. But, we would expect from this point forward that that business will grow for us, but probably, slightly less than the market. But the lion share of the minimization of businesses that we didn't think we could achieve our goals in, has already occurred. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. And just to return to the inventory in the channel. If you are saying you are close to 12 weeks and if it was down one day, are you still pretty close to 12 weeks at this point? 
Mark Thompson: Exiting Q4, we were at 11.9 weeks, I believe. And this quarter, we exited at 11.7 approximately. So that's close to the numbers. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great. And maybe you discussed it and I didn't hear, but it seems like the gross margin on the stuff you got from System General was somewhat higher than what you guys already had internally. I would have thought it might have pulled that up a little bit more than what I saw that the overall in our gross margin, or was I misreading that to [Taiwanese GAAP] or something? 
Mark Frey: Well, you might. First of all there are only two months out of the quarter. So check whether you are doing the math on that. But the margins that we got on that business was in the upper 40's, as we guided, when we did the acquisition. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. 
Mark Thompson: And the overall arithmetic impact to the company of adding it. For the entire company, it's 20 to 30 basis points for the quarter, and for analog it's around a point. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. And then last question, what I want is just. For the analog stuff, it looks like you restated some of the FPG and SPG stuff or some moves in products there. You did not go back and restate any of this historical stuff for SG, that's just on the go forward basis you include SPG or if you may System General in terms of gross margin calculation there? 
Mark Thompson: Correct. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. Great, thank you. 
Operator: We will now go to Eric Gomberg with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah. I have a couple of questions, first just wondering, where we should be thinking about OpEx exiting 2007. Would you expect some leverage on operating expenses? 
Mark Frey: We are always looking for leverage on operating expenses, the guidance for the quarter. The biggest impact is going to be the strength of the second half and what that's going to do to bonus plans. But I wouldn't expect us to range much higher than the high point of next quarters guidance. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. I guess, wondering about the strength of the second half, in the prepared remarks you talked about potentially weaker first half, and it sounds like inventory in the channel at this point is fairly normal. So, wondering if the weakness relates mostly to end markets simply being fairly tepid or what is causing the weak first half, and why you have confidence, I guess, on strong end demand in the back half of the year beyond Fairchild having solid product positioning. 
Mark Thompson: The weakness that we've experienced starting in Q4 and in the first half of this year is consistent with what everyone else has seen. So, there is no market specific story there or nor a Fairchild specific story. If you look at our revenue softness, peak to troughs versus late last year versus this, we are down certainly no more and in many cases less than the competitive group. So there is a couple of things. I think that there is a general sentiment, if you look at a lot of the models for the cyclicality in the industry. It predicts an improvement in demand profile in the OEM space for the second half.  Consistent with that, we've seen pretty significant shifts in our book-to-bill, if you look at shorter rolling averages. So, a 13 week rolling averages is less than one, it crosses one at about a seven-week rolling average, and a four-week rolling average is substantially greater than one. And so, that is very consistent with the picture of an accelerating environment going into the second half. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: And just one last question, where would you like to see days inventory or inventory turns by year end? 
Mark Thompson: We've targeted channel turns at five, and so that's a goal that we maintain, we think that's a good balance of availability and also return. Our internal inventories will vary by product line, but will be approximately in that range as well. 
Operator: We'll now go to Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Hey good morning. So, if we exclude System General from your gross margin guidance for Q2, we get to something that it is actually a decline sequentially. Is it possible to quantify the impact on gross margin of the inventory drain that took place in Q1? 
Mark Frey: Well, we quantified the impact from the point of time when our gross margins were around 31% to the current situation. That's mostly leverage and utilization oriented, and that story will be true on the upside as well, so 250 to 300 basis points. Is that what you were asking Tristan? 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Yes, that helps a lot. And then a quick follow up. Is it possible to get some color on the mix, this POEM in the quarter? 
Dan Janson: You are talking about for the last quarter? 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Yes. 
Dan Janson: Yes, sure we didn't give that you, hold on a sec Tristan. So the last quarter it was pretty much consistent with what it normally runs basically two thirds of our sales goes through the channel and about one third is through combination of OEM-EMS. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: We will now go to Michael McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks. What was the book-to-bill? 
Mark Thompson: I will offer three rolling averages, which I think gives a picture fairly accurately, the books, the 13-week rolling average for book-to-bill is less than one. The one rolling average is seven weeks and the four week rolling average is above 1.2. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, and then I might have missed it. What's the System General revenue in Q2? 
Mark Frey: 5.1. 
Mark Thompson: No. 
Mark Frey: I am sorry. We are not going to give specific, because generally we don't give guidance below the total company line. So we gave it this quarter because obviously you had to know to deal the tie back. But going forward our guidance is inclusive of System General and we won't be breaking it out separately. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. We are just trying to get engaged in your core business so what's growing in Q2, so I guess then may if its $5 million in Q1, how much was that a month that, that encapsulated of Q1? 
Mark Thompson: If you turn the Q1 number into, if you quarterize it for the business, it was in the 7 to 8 range for Q1. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. And then finally just looking at last year, you guys were obviously trying to mix up and a portion of that strategy was raising price at some of your products. Has there been any residual impact in the front half of the year in terms of some customers, now that your lead times have come in somewhat. Looking at other sources of suppliers based on some of the price hikes that you guys enacted last year? 
Mark Thompson: We don't believe and we've worked this one very carefully that there are any substantive, unintended consequences of what we've done. We've tried to work in a very responsible way with our customers, where, if we have a product that we don't, we can't make an acceptable amount of money on, we've offered very long-term supply opportunities for them and opportunities to move that business to other people. And so we've tried very hard and it's been our primary goal to do right by our customers and to have a productive long-term relationship. And so I feel pretty comfortable that we've not had unintended consequences from that process and that process is continuing into 2007 in the sense of us particularly in a high voltage MOSFET arena working through our portfolio to position it to achieve our goal. 
Dan Janson: And Michael, one other thing, I think that's important to note is that, that high voltage product line that we've talked a lot about working the product mix up, it is a product line that still experiences very high demand. So, we are doing it in a good market. The market is very strong. It certainly is working on our favor to be able to work more favorable pricing environment that makes sense for that business for us. I mean, as Mark said, some of those products you basically just going to the customer and say, this is just not a good long-term business for us to be in and in this kind of market with this kind of level of demand, I think generally they are more receptive. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: So, you guys were comfortable that the TAM within the high voltage MOSFET business due to the mix-up and the higher pricing won't be falling at a faster rate than the earnings you can generate off of that particular product line. 
Mark Thompson: No, we've modeled that pretty carefully and update our plans as we get specific programs account-by-account. So, no, we actually feel confident that the overall TAM, when you include the transition to module business and some of the other products, is actually an expanded one not a contracted one. 
Dan Janson: I mean we've been raising prices and working on the product mix now for almost a year and the demand on that product line still continues to be quite robust. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Right. Yeah, but I think that's probably easier when your lead times are out. When lead times come in though, sometimes that can become an issue. 
Mark Thompson: So, if we, I guess to get as specific as possible, if you look at the overall picture, part of this is to have a smaller portion of the business be old line planer MOSFET, I mean that's a given. So, for a customer that is exclusively in once this very commodity grade, planer MOSFETs than we would see that specific segment TAM go down.  But, for the high-end power supply maker, that product is actually becoming less important to them as they go to more sophisticated power supply solutions where they need to meet standby power requirements and efficiency and different precision outputs.  So, we feel that the strategy is actually aligned better with our most important growing key accounts in the power supply space versus a kind of trailing low-end view of the, put just a planer MOSFET perspective on the thing. And so, that's the transition that we're trying to manage thoughtfully and as smoothly as possible. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, and then one last one from me. If we were just to take a high voltage MOSFET segment, is there anyway to quantify what percentage of revenue that is right now? 
Mark Frey: It's now 25% of revenue. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: 25%. Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: Hey guys. Sorry I might have missed this. But can you just sort of comment whether you felt you were under shipping or in line within market consumption in Q1. I am assuming you were probably a little bit under end market consumption given your comments about just the re-sales being up 1% quarter-over-quarter. And then just sort of where you think shipments will be in the second quarter as it pertains to sort of end consumptions of the devices? 
Mark Thompson: So, we definitely and consciously under shipped the channel in Q1 as the point of sale increased in Q1 versus Q4 and our sale into the channel decreased from Q4 to Q1. So, that's the way that played out. The current numbers assume approximately a match for sell-in and sell-out in distribution in Q2. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: Okay. So, the 1% to 4% sequential growth in sales sort of assumes that you are coming back in line with end market consumption in to this channel. 
Mark Thompson: Yes. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: Okay. Second question, I noted you said you've started to increase fab loading slight in the March quarter and that's continued through April. Any sense where you think internal inventories and on a dollar basis in Q2, I know that in addition to your increased fab loadings if you guys are building or depleting internal inventory that can have an effect on gross margins. So, I just wondered if you could give us some inventory commentary as it pertains to the gross margin outlook for the second half of the year. 
Mark Thompson: Well, so presently as we already commented the channel will stay approximately flat. The current model would have us product to build, maybe it takes the day back that we took out in Q1. But that's about it.  Now, if the present order rate continues then I think we will definitely need to put more inventory in place. But, we have not yet made that choice and we are watching the order rate for a while more before we would elect to do that.  So, our current one represents, I guess, a longer term average of current demand profile. So, it's relatively conservative in the sense of we are highly confident of an upswing then the factories would be turned on more aggressively because we need to build more die bank and so forth. But that is not represented aggressively in our current financial model. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: That’s not represented in the second quarter’s gross margin outlook that would be more something that you would see in the second half of the year. 
Mark Thompson: Yes. So if demand occurs as the current upturn in orders suggests, we will be turning the factories on more aggressively in the second half of Q2 than are currently reflected in these models and which would result in a very substantial movement of margins in Q3 because of utilization effect. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: Okay. Great, then just last question. Any sense from speaking through the distributors or your OEM customers? Do you think we are going to see any kind of channel, restocking activity ahead of the holiday season? I know that’s typically a seasonal pattern. Do you think you see it this year or as the channel is still pretty caught in this before just coming off an inventory correction so there’s not a lot of willingness that yet to rebuild stocks ahead of the holiday. I am just kind of curious what you think happens in to the holiday season? 
Mark Frey: Which holiday season are you referring to? 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: The U.S. holiday season, Christmas. 
Mark Thompson: Oh, Christmas okay. We have actually seen a surprising amount of activity aimed at Q3 and 4. These are not an unusual roughly looking like our booking or rather our billing partitioning between OEM and distribution but there does appear to be quite a bit of anticipation of the seasonal build if you look at the order pattern. I mean we are actually booking substantial amounts for Q4 at this time. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: Okay great. Thank you. 
Operator: And we will now go to Craig Berger with Wedbush Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Good morning. Just a couple of housekeeping questions, one, on the tax rate. What should we be using for 2007? 
Mark Frey: As you can see in Q1, it was about 19% which is a bit more than we averaged in 2006 from an adjusted standpoint. And that was due to the jurisdictional location of our income being a bit unfavorable. I don’t think that changes my model for the remainder of the year. So, 15% plus or minus, I said 3% last quarter and proved myself wrong, so, plus or minus 3% to 4%. And again that will vary based on where we make our profits. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Great. And then, also with respect to the (inaudible) lawsuit, is there any legal spending in the Q2 guidance or when do you see the majority of the legal spending associated with that? 
Mark Frey: Yeah, there is a fair amount of spending incorporated in the Q2 guidance. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: So, does some of that roll off in the back half of the year? 
Mark Frey: Depending on how the litigation, as you know it's very hard to predict how litigation is going to go. But the major next trial is set for June. And so if we add a flurry of activity there, then yes it would be reasonable that it would tail off. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Right, and then -- okay. Thank you. And then, last question, on the channel inventories, you said they sell a day if you shipped in down 5% sequential ex System General and they shipped out plus 1, wouldn’t that argue for a larger decline in days than the one day. I think the math goes out to like three days. 
Mark Thompson: Well, I think that they might able to short I think your -- I probably don't let Dan do accounting. So, yeah I think you are closer to right than Dan is. We went from 11.9 to 11.7, so it's just two-tenths of a week, one to two days. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Let me ask that differently if two-thirds of your business rolls through a [Destin], you're still 0.7 weeks above your normal range of 11, 11 is the normal range. Does that mean that there is still 3% or 4% to be taken out of the channel? 
Mark Thompson: No, so our current -- the guidance that we gave for Q2, is an approximate match of ship in and ship out. So, recall that the weeks, there is movement in both the numerator and the denominator. So, when the ship out base goes down of course the weeks will climb even if the dollar amount is constant. So, you get a double negative going down and a double positive going up. So, that's one of -- partly what was behind my comment, so we don't believe that we should take Channel inventories down anymore. In fact, I think we are at the inflection point between where we are more risking having too little in the Channel than too much.  If you put just a moderately aggressive growth into Q3, you would quickly see it fall below 11, as the [POS] climbed. And so that's what we are watching very-very carefully, we actually actively do not want to pull it down anymore. And will move shipments up in response to POS climbing. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Great, let me ask one last question, just a big picture here. Is the semi industry still a growth industry? Are we going to grow outside of the seasonal impacts of building in late Q2, Q3 ahead of Christmas? Or can PC and handsets still grow, or is it really just a market share gain at this point? 
Mark Frey: Craig, this is Mark. The power semi business we view as a very attractive, high single-digit and low double-digit growth opportunity, for all the reasons that I am sure you've seen in terms of the price of energy and the importance of energy efficiencies. And it’s those opportunities that were really attacking. I wish I could help with the semiconductor in general, but obviously as it gets bigger it's going to grow closer to either overall electronics or GDP. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Great. Thank you and good luck. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Cassidy - Piper Jaffray: Thanks for taking my call. A lot of my questions have answered already, but what about raw material costs? Have you seen any pressure there going from fourth quarter to first quarter and even any discussions of it going [UP] in the future? 
Mark Frey: As you probably remember, we had pretty serious raw material pressure in copper, gold and poly last year. That has pretty much abated and normalized. We saw more than seasonal pressure on silicon early in the year, as a result of so much consumption for solar applications. And we've dealt with that and that's been incorporated in our guidance. 
Kevin Cassidy - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you. 
Mark Frey: Thanks. 
Operator: We would now like to take a follow-up from Michael McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Yeah, just one thing, the guidance for flat gross margin, that’s roughly 28.2% right now to 27.7%, so also the adjusted the gross margins? 
Mark Frey: Yes, that's correct. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Mark Frey: Okay, we have time for one more. 
Operator: And there are no further questions. 
Mark Thompson: So we'll go ahead and conclude the call here then. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Look forward to chatting with you in the quarter. Thanks. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the replay of this call, you may do so by dialing 1-888-203-1112 or 1-719-457-0820, with the pass code of 6740857. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-25 09:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Dan Janson - VP of IR   Mark Frey - EVP and CFO   Mark Thompson - President and CEO   Bob Conrad - EVP and General Manager of Analog Products Group 
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   Craig Ellis - Citigroup   Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers   Bill Lewis - JP Morgan   Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Steve Smigie - Raymond James   Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners   Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird   Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company   Craig Berger - Wedbush 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2006 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers after the presentation.  I will now turn conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead, sir. 
Dan Janson: Good morning, and thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor's fourth quarter and full year 2006 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's President and CEO, and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO.  We will be attending a number of investor conferences this quarter, including the Piper Jaffray Analog Conference in Boston, the Thomas Weisel Tech Conference in San Francisco, Deutsche Bank Small Cap Conference and the Raymond James Institutional Investor Conference both in Florida and finally Citigroup's Small and Mid-Cap Conference in Las Vegas. We are planning to host a Functional Power Group technology review for investors and analysts at our San Jose offices on the morning of February 22nd. This will be a great opportunity for investors to learn more about the technology and products that are driving our strong growth in FPG. We will also webcast this event and details of how you can listen in are posted on our website. I also want to note that we plan to publish a mid-quarter press release to update our business outlook on March 7, before the market opens. Mark Frey will start today's call with a review of our fourth quarter financial results and discuss our forward guidance for the first quarter of 2007. Mark Thompson, will then address in more detail our operational performance and new product plans. Finally, we will reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days.  Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we filed with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures, because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses and should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains 2006 Q4 fact sheet and updated financial section with updated unaudited financial highlights, including detailed breakouts of segment and regional revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA.  Now, I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Mark Frey: Thanks, Dan. Fairchild today announced results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2006. We reported fourth quarter sales of $418.3 million flat from the prior quarter and 13% higher than in the fourth quarter of 2005. Fairchild reported fourth quarter net income of $8.7 million or $0.07 per diluted share compared to net income of $25.1 million or $0.20 per diluted share in the prior quarter and a net loss of $4.7 million or $0.04 per share in the fourth quarter of 2005. Gross margin was 29%, a 170 basis points lower sequentially and 480 basis points higher than in the fourth quarter of 2005.  Included in the fourth quarter 2006 results were $6.7 million in total equity-based compensation in accordance with statement of Financial Accounting Standards number 123 R. Also included in fourth quarter of 2006 results was the restructuring charge of $3.2 million for cost related to the consolidation and simplification of certain supply chain planning processes and the streamlining and transfer of certain information system support activities as well as a reserve for potential losses of $8.2 million related to the previously announced unfavorable judgment in a legal proceeding with ZTE, which Fairchild intends to appeal.  Fairchild reported fourth quarter adjusted net income of $26.7 million or $0.21 per diluted share compared to adjusted net income of $30.6 million or $0.25 per diluted share in the prior quarter and adjusted net income of $13.6 million or $0.11 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2005. Adjusted net income excludes amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, restructuring and impairments, lawsuit settlement gains or reserves for potential losses, net gains on the sale of the LED lamps and displays product line and associated net tax benefits of these items and other acquisition-related intangibles. Adjusted results include equity-based compensation expense in 2006.  Looking at our fourth quarter results in more detail, sales were flat compared to the prior quarter and gross margins decreased to 170 basis points due to lower factory utilization as we reduced inventories $3.8 million, or one day, during the quarter. Remember that we built about $12 million of internal inventories in Q3. So this is effectively $16 million swing in output during the fourth quarter.  Reviewing gross margins by product line, the Analog Products Group posted 50 basis points sequential improvement to 30.1%. This was due to the favorable impact of not having the one-time Q3 negative reserve allowance adjustment, which was partially offset by the negative impact of lower factory utilization, as we reduced analog inventory by nearly five days. Gross margins were 350 basis points lower than the prior quarter for the Functional Power Group due primarily to lower utilization rates and the reserve allowance adjustment that added 120 basis points to the Q3 results.  The Standard Products Group grew gross margins to 27.7% in spite of $9.6 million sequential decrease in sales as disciplined pricing and a variable cost structure offset reduce sales volumes. R&D and SG&A expenses were at the low end of our forecast range, as a result of previously announced streamlining actions, spending controls and adjustments to the bonus accrual. Our other income and expense line on the P&L, which is primarily net interest expense, was down $1.6 million sequentially and benefited from a shift to investments with higher interest rates and overall higher cash balances invested.  Finally, we increased cash and marketable securities by $30.4 million to $586.4 million in the fourth quarter. Our cash flow from operations was $57.3 million and benefited from strong management of accounts receivable and inventories as DSO remained at 35 days and inventory declines to 74 days.  Full year revenues for 2006 were $1.65 billion, an increase of 16% compared to $1.43 billion in 2005. Fairchild reported net income of $83.4 million or $0.67 per diluted share in 2006 compared to a net loss of $241.2 million or $2.01 per share in 2005. On an adjusted basis, the company reported 2006 net income of $111.7 million or $0.90 per diluted share compared to 20.9 million or $0.17 per diluted share in 2005.  Turning now to our forward guidance. Excluding the impact from the expected System General acquisition, we anticipate that first quarter revenues will be 3% to 6% lower and gross margins will be 50 to 100 basis points lower sequentially due to lower sales volume during our typically soft first quarter. At the start of the quarter we had nearly 90% of first quarter sales guidance booked and scheduled to ship. We expect R&D and SG&A spending including equity-based compensation to be approximately $87 to $90 million in the first quarter. Equity-based compensation expense is forecast to be between $6.5 million and $7.5 million in the first quarter. We expect to successfully complete the tender offer for System General in the first quarter and consolidate their financial results with ours with a deduction for the minority interest subtracted from net income. Given that 71% of System General shares have been tendered, we would expect to report at least this percentage ownership for most of February and all of March and possibly more as additional shares are tendered in the next week. This accounting treatment will continue to be used until the expected share swap which is completed this summer with exact timing dependent on regulatory approval.  I also want to update some general guidance for the full year 2007. Assuming that first quarter is the trough in sales and gross margins and normal seasonality for the rest of 2007, we expect gross margins to exit the year at 32.5% to 33.5%. This target incorporates expectations for new product revenues at higher margins, certain manufacturing cost reductions and the impact of operating leverage from second half sales growth. We expect to forecast -- we forecast operating expenses to be in the range of $87 to $91 million per quarter, which should drive solid net income improvement as sales growth resumes in 2007. We estimate the 2007 GAAP effective tax rate to be approximately 17% plus or minus 3%. Now I’ll turn the call over to Mark Thompson. 
Mark Thompson: Thanks Mark. Fairchild delivered excellent 2006 results while taking a number of important steps toward our goal of building a high-value company. At the last two analyst days we made clear our goal is delivering higher and more stable earnings through a combination of better supply chain management and higher value products. Our progress towards these goals became evident as we delivered 434% increase in adjusted net income and 16% increase in sales for 2006 versus 2005. We grew our Analog Products Group sales 20% in 2006 compared to the prior year on the strength of a greater than 55% annual increase in analog switches and a 26% increase in video filter sales.  Our Functional Power Group also grew about 20% year-over-year paced by 27% increase in low voltage MOSFET sales. Our Standard Products Group reported less than 5% increase in annual sales and substantially higher margins during 2006 as we managed this building business to maximize cash flow and earnings contribution. Operationally, we managed our internal and channel inventories with the interim target range during what's proven to be dynamic year for the industry. We also tightly controlled 2006 capital spending to be approximately 7% of sales for the year as for our business model. We made good progress in 2006 and have set stage for further improvement in 2007.  Now lets a take minute to review the fourth quarter in more detail. Sales by end market were basically inline with seasonal expectations. We saw lighter than seasonal demand for our product servicing the computing end markets which we have had anticipated prior Microsoft Vista launch. We also saw a slowdown in our Asian distribution resale late in the quarter, which pushed our channel inventories to the upper end of our target range of 11 plus or minus 1 week. We decreased utilization rates as planned in the fourth quarter specially, in the analog fab in Maine as we successfully reduced internal inventories during the quarter. Lead times also decreased during the quarter and are now 9 to 10 week range on average with the longest lead times for our analog power conversations and leading-edge functional power products that continues to generate strong demand.  Let me summarize the current demand environment from our perspective. We saw some late quarter weakness in demand, especially in Asia distribution sell-through. Distribution sell-through rebounded in the first weeks of Q1 and we're watching the channel very closely. We believe that continuing our disciplined supply chain management by maintaining inventories within our target range and reducing lead times during the seasonally soft times of year or reduce sales and gross margin variability while enabling us to quickly translate improved demand into strong financial performance.  Let's turn now to new products. Our primary focus for 2007 is shifting Fairchild's new product development engine into high gear. We made a significant investment in design resources in FAEs over the last two years and we are expecting a steady stream of new design wins, as many important new products are released across the year. For example, our micro-SerDes product family that manages the signal flow across the hinge of the clamshell and slider handset, posted record quarter in Q4 and now has enough backlog to ship $7 million to $8 million in the first quarter of 2007. We're in production with 16 handset models now and expect this number to steadily grow across 2007.  Our analog switch business posted another record sale year in 2006 and we expect this trend to continue as we combine audio and USB switching capabilities on a single chip. We've been investing heavily in high frequency DC/DC regulation capability, offering improved power efficiency, reduced passive content for our portable applications and we expect the first product should be offered for sale in mid-2007.  Our Smart Power Modules, or SPM business had a break-out quarter in Q4 posting record sales of nearly $8 million. These highly integrated multi-chip modules provide complete power management solutions for a range of consumer and industrial applications. We're also developing some important fab process and advancements that will enable to deliver optimized low voltage and high voltage MOSFET and IGBT solutions for specific applications. A good example of this is our next generation PowerTrench technology that enables us to produce low voltage MOSFETs specifically tailored to high-side and low-side switching in computing applications.  In the high-voltage product line, our latest MOSFET fab process is expected to reduce our die size more than 30% which will drive better margins in the same socket. We'll share more of this new product story at the upcoming FPG technology review that Dan mentioned earlier.  Let me wrap up with a summary of where we are in our tender offer for System General. As of January 24, approximately 71% of System General shares have been tendered, therefore, subject to regulatory approvals which we expect to obtain, we anticipate successfully completing the tender offer in early February, and then begin the steps toward completing the share swap and final merger transactions. We expect to complete this acquisition during the third quarter of 2007. This is a big deal for Fairchild and will help us firmly establish ourselves as a leading technology provider in a fast growing offline AC to DC conversion market.  Thanks. Now I'll turn the call back over to Dan. 
Dan Janson: Thanks, Mark. We'll now open the call for questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person a one question and one follow-up. Thanks. Now lets take the first question. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. (Operator Instructions). And we'll hear first from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Just a question on the guidance is down on the revenue side. It doesn't seem that are compared to what we are hearing from other people. Can you give us a little bit of color on what sort of inventory adjustments both in the channel and internally is assumed in that revenue guidance? And maybe any color by the three sub-segments within revenue as to how they might behave within that general guidance? 
Mark Thompson: Ross, let me try to comment on that. All of our inventory parameters are inside of our goal and so our intent is to keep them inside the goal. We'll be seeing of course depending on ship out, we expect to keep inventories approximately flat during Q1. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Both internally and in the channel? 
Mark Thompson: Correct. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then what about by the APG, FPG, Standard Products etcetera within that down three to six that you talked about, any big deltas, one segment doing better than the others, etcetera? 
Mark Thompson: No. I would say that within the arrow bar of any prediction, they are all performing approximately the same in projecting Q1 from Q4. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I guess the one follow-up question would be, you talked about assuming the first quarter, the trough and normal seasonality after that. Can you give us a little bit of an idea why you would assume the first quarter is the trough? Is there any sort of demand that you are seeing? I guess you mentioned that bookings or sell through in the channel start picking up early this quarter. Is that one of the reasons you think the first quarter is the trough? 
Mark Thompson: Well, I said there's two things. From a historical pattern point of view, if you look over 5 year period, Q1 is typically below either Q4 or Q2. So, there's a historical pattern. The other thing of course is that we look at how the subsequent quarter is filling and by comparison, Q2 is filling approximately -- we are only three weeks in. So its early day but its filling approximately equal to Q4. So, if that trend continued, then that would result in a Q2 being roughly equal to our -- what our Q4 was. So those are reasons, the two basic reasons why at this point in time, we feel it's a reasonable assumption although of course we are still early in the quarter. 
Mark Frey: And Ross, the other thing that I would add is, remember that we run about two-thirds of our business through distribution and nearly three quarters of our business goes through Asia. And so, we typically see a reduction or a step down in sell through from the Asian distributors in Q1, because most of their customers are on holiday for at least one week, their on the Lunar New Year holiday. So, we don't have that phenomenon in Q2. So that's assuming a tail win for us in Q2 typically. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Perfect. Thank you. 
Operator: And next, we will hear from Craig Ellis with Citigroup. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thanks, and good morning, guys. Mark, you commented in the release and in the comments about segment margins or corporate margins averaging between 32.5% and 33.5% exiting the year. How would we expect the segments to perform around that and is that inclusive of the System General deal? 
Mark Thompson: First, it is not inclusive of the System General deal. So, we haven't refined our models on that. So that would of course raise the corporate performance and would come back as we've committed after the tender is closed with some updated information for your financial models. In terms of how we would expect the individual segments to perform, we would anticipate that analog will improve the most across the year. We would anticipate that FPG would be next, and then SPG the least. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. And following up on that, how much opportunity is there to mix out SPG this year? 
Mark Thompson: Well, there is less than it was last year. We've got rid off fair bid of very little margin business, but there is -- between FPG and SPG, we anticipate and then baked into our numbers is some number between $20 million and $40 million of eliminated low margin business. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. And then, there was a comment on investments in last two years on field engineering and product designed. Where is the organization right now in it's capabilities in those two areas and how much further investment do you think is needed? 
Mark Thompson: So, we brought on three significant teams in a combination of power conversion in DC/DC. And so the thing that we're seeing now is that a number of these programs are getting commercial traction and a lot of them are going out in chip-scale packages. So, a lot of the incremental investment that we see in 2007 won't be as much on the front-end design piece, which is what we are investing in quite heavily in late '05 and through '06. But in more of the manufacturing engineering capability associated with bringing on a completely different package and back-end handling capability plus product extensions as those products ramp and inevitably gain acceptance across both broader application sets, but also beyond the original targeted customers. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Very helpful and then lastly, can you just highlight what you think some of the better growth drivers will be within the analog? I hope, you mentioned micro-SerDes is getting some good design wins across a number of OEMs. But in terms of growth, how would you prioritize the primary segments within analog? 
Bob Conrad: Yeah. So, Bob Conrad here. For '07 as in '06 our strongest growth area is the signal path business, which is the heart of that is the analog switch business and also interface, which is becoming material as Mark mentioned will be $70 million in the first quarter and hopefully up from there for the rest of the year. Secondarily, it's our offline power conversion business, which grew about 25% last year total and won't be that strong this year because of general market conditions, but it too will grow strongly. But at least for us in 2007 will be our DC-to-DC, our power management business because most of the efforts that Mark just referred to are just starting at the very initials stages in the market in '07 and we're expecting to be drivers in '08. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thanks guys. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Romit Shah, with Lehman Brothers. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks a lot. Mark, given that you think inventory all of the inventory parameters are within the target range why are you guys choosing to under ship consumption -- the guidance of 4% to 5%, I am guessing with the well below what normal resale would be -- which would be I would think at least flat. 
Mark Thompson: So, if this we -- we are making sure that we don’t over ship the low end of possible resale in the channel and so we want to make sure that I think everyone is seeing it's a difficult time of year to build demand models there was weak resale at the end of December as we commented, and so we simply want to make sure that we don't go outside of our boundary conditions and if you want to make sure that we are very well positioned to rebound our financial performance very strongly in Q2. So we think on balance, we ought to be cautious on the inventory side and position ourselves to emerge into a very strong Q2 performance. 
Bob Conrad: Hey, Romit, let me just, add to that. If we were a primarily North American and European centric company, then our POS -- our resales from distribution in Q1 probably would be flat at best if not a little better than that. But since we are very much an Asian centric company with a very predominantly Asian customer base, POS is typically down for us in Q1, because again these guys are taking week off, and so while they'll try to make some of that up before and after, it's still -- when you take one week out of 13, you’re going to impact the resale level. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Yeah, I guess that's what the message from you guys is that resales generally doesn't change on a quarterly basis and the fact that you're guiding down mid-single digits and also saying that you think inventories are within target range, it just surprises me a little bit. 
Mark Frey: I think Romit, this is Mark Frey that our message in the past is we've tended to have increases and decreases that exceeded the normal pattern of sell-through because of the way we made these channels. Going forward, we will more closely match our shipments with sale through in the channel, but it's not to say the channel doesn’t have seasonality to it, for our business, Q1 is typically down followed by Q2 being up, reasonable amount, and then 2% to 4% in Q3 and Q4. 
Mark Thompson: I can quantify that the average POS for us over a five-year period, Q1 versus Q4 is actually down approximately 4%, so that's a very normal seasonal number for the pure distribution point of sale piece. So really all we're doing is taking a historical -- our inventories are good, we're taking a historical knocks in POS that we see to Dan’s point every single Q1 and we're simply making sure that we don’t go outside of balance as we go through Q1 and not be positioned for a great Q2. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: And I guess given what you saw at the end of December you guys are just deciding to play it a little bit conservative? 
Mark Thompson: Just a little bit more. That's correct. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. 
Bob Conrad: Ultimately Romit, our major successes that we keep the distribution channel inventories within our target range. That's our objective. We don't want to grow inventories. We want to match what the sell-through is? What we're shipping in? 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: My follow-up question is with the expectations that orders should start to improve in Q1. I mean historically when orders do come back we tend to see pricing get more competitive particularly in your standard products business, so you guys factoring that into your margin guidance either for Q1 or for the full year? 
Mark Thompson: Yes. We are. So if you look at the -- to reflect on a comment I made earlier, which is we anticipate shading $20 to $40 million in revenue in '07 versus the equivalent product base in '06. A chunk of that is stuff that we just think will be sufficiently competitive that we want to bid on it and so we're and just anticipating executing those businesses rather than going to pricing places we don't want to go, and so that is absolutely baked into the forward guidance. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: And next we will hear from Bill Lewis with JP Morgan. 
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Great. Thanks. Just maybe a clarification first on pricing. Could you talk about pricing was in the quarter and your expectations for Q1? 
Mark Frey: Well, we've been expecting what we typically expect pricing to be down to as much as 4% quarter-on-quarter. For over a year now we've seen more moderate pricing than that, so as I said earlier as we said earlier Bill, we came into this quarter with about 90% of our guided revenues on the books, so we kind of know, what the pricing looks like for majority of what we have guided and that pricing continues to be very much in the same vain as its been in the last couple of quarters, what I characterize it's still quite moderate. 
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay, thanks Dan, and then I guess question from Mark. Just looking at the analog business, the gross margins in the quarter did improve but would you anticipating more substantial improvement in the December quarter and then I guess going forward, should this begin to improve in Q1 and sort of talk about if you would the trends through out the year because I believe you are anticipating those to really return may be by the end of the year back to close to their target levels at least close to 40% margins. 
Mark Frey: Yes, Bill we did expect the analog margins to improve small amount because again you eliminated this tailwind of this reclassification we did in Q3, but we saw the plans down significantly as we took 5 days of inventory out of analog and I would expect that will stay in that mode in Q1, where I will continue to take down the analog inventories and then we will see progression after that into the remainder of the year approaching the target mid 30, high 30% range for analog as it access in the year. 
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: All right great, thanks, Mark. 
Operator: And next we will hear from Michael Masdea with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Yes, thanks a lot. On the Systems General front, I know you are going to give us more guidance once you use the tender offer but is there any major reason we can get first order from just taking their model on combining 71% with yours or is there other GAAP piece looking to be bigger than that? 
Mark Frey: Well, first of all, when you take their model you -- and you're modeling our revenue, you bring in all the revenue and all the margin, and then you subtract out below the net profit line. They are minority interest in it. And that's the way the accounting is done. Obviously, they are still a public company and we can't comment on what we know about them. They do have public disclosures in the run rate of sales in their Q4 that would imply that you would think that a quarterly sales run rate would be in the $10 million to $11 million range margins in the mid to high 40 range. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. And then on the trend side, similar to what you went into last quarter, 90% booked. Where these trends come from last quarter and maybe where did they fall short? And then this coming quarter where are you looking for the trends to really be generated? 
Mark Frey: I don't see a pattern. First of all, there's churn. So, at this point in the cycle, you both lose backlog and you add backlog. That certainly was the case in Q4. But the turns that we require are primarily in the SPG and the APG area. FPG is probably slightly better loaded. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: And I guess, one last follow-up on that one, just really is lead time front. Do you feel like you still should have lead time shorter if possible or do you think we are going to stabilize here? 
Mark Thompson: Well, we would certainly like to have our lead time shorter than they are. Ideally, we knocked them down in another week or two and lead time management is one of our number one goals as a company for 2007. We did -- made a lot of changes in the supply chain in 2006 and saw a lot of improvements as a result. But one thing we weren't completely satisfied was with our lead time management. So that's one of the top-level goal for our supply chain team for 2007. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thank you. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great. Thank you. I just want to follow up on the lead time question. Lead times just seem to come in a little bit. Is that more a reflection of demand dropping off or is that again sort of better management of the supply chain? 
Dan Janson: Well, this is Dan. I think it is a combination of things. I think we continued to scrub backlog pretty hard. So, wherever we see situations where it appears that especially some of the Asian distributions may be have got ahead of themselves in ordering. We start questioning that demand. That helps us to get lead times down. We've done I think a better job at managing from the package constraints in particular that we had in the back end. That's helped as well. So, you put all that together and I think that's certainly what's driving the line share of the change. And again just for perspective, we're down slightly. We're down about a week, week and a half of where we were a quarter ago. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. And then in terms of the guidance, it seems that you are saying you are pretty much -- you have very high distribution and sales out of distribution. Your guidance have been in line with that, and [how you traditionally work] and some of the other companies out there are seeing maybe even a more substantial declining Q1 than seasonal. What is it that's maybe keeping you in line seasonally where other people are doing somewhat worse than that? Is there some sort of differentiation you can point to? 
Dan Janson: Well, I can't comment on what they are seeing. We are telling what we are seeing. We do have a very broad set of applications in customer base. So, we're not impacted by any individual segment as much as other companies who might be more wireless or computing exposed. 
Mark Frey: Steve, it also -- it seems that from our -- my analysis certainly that the folks that would have had the biggest corrections are the ones that typically had a little bit of an inventory build on top of the normal seasonality and as we said, our inventories are still within our target range. So that's helped us. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. Great, thank you. 
Operator: And next, we will hear from Eric Gomberg with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hey, guy. Great, thanks. I am hoping you can may be give a little bit more granularity regarding where utilization exited the year? And when you would anticipate actually increasing plant loadings? 
Mark Frey: So, yeah, utilization rate as we guided last quarter were down in Q4 especially in our analog fab in Maine. As we said in the call earlier, we took 5 days of analog inventory out. And as Mark said, we are going to work on some analog inventory in this quarter as well. So, we will still continue to see some of that impact on utilization rates, especially in our analog fab in Maine. So I mean utilization rates, we haven't provided that kind of granularity specifically in this quarter. We are looking forward but I would expect them to be somewhat comparable of what they were in Q4. As Mark said, we are not looking to build inventory or necessarily drain inventory but basically it's going to hold where we are. 
Mark Thompson: And I guess to add the other piece to your question, the -- because of the way how we have managed inventory through this. If the Q2 up occurs as the current models suggest it will. We will need to begin to ramp the plants during Q1 in order to meet that demand. So that's -- you would see that change starting during Q1 but really affecting the earn significantly in Q2. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, that's helpful. Can I ask -- as far as the comment regarding exiting the year, say 32.5% to 33.5%, how much of the delta from 1Q to 4Q is based on going to normalized utilization versus higher overall sales versus a richer mix towards more higher margin analog products? 
Mark Frey: About half of the delta is basically what we call standard margin progression based on new product shipments at higher margins and mix improvements within product lines. And the other half would be the combination of higher, simple leverage on running the factories more full, plus the cost reductions that we have targeted for the year. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: And just one last thing. The channel inventory, I think in the prepared remarks or press release, you said it moved to the high end of the targeted range and I was wondering specifically in terms of weeks where that stands? 
Mark Frey: Well, our target range is 11 weeks, plus or minus one and we are on the high end of that. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: So, it moved up just a week? 
Mark Frey: Yeah, but not quite too much. Yeah. 
Mark Thompson: But, yeah. It was in the bottom half of the range and now it's in the top half. 
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Good morning. With your expectation that Q2 revenues could potentially go back to the Q4 level, is that assuming that distribution inventory levels go back to the lower end of the range which is where it was in the second half of last year or is that assuming that it's still around the 12-week level? 
Mark Thompson: Tristan, I'm not sure we've modeled it to that degree of granularity, but if we are seeing a reemergence of demand, we will try to get the channel inventories back to the lower end of the range, but early on we would probably focus on having service levels available to be able to meet the demand increases. 
Mark Frey: Maybe one comment on top of that is -- one of the things that we commented at last here at analyst day is that our approach to distribution management was to exit at an up cycle at the bottom half of the range and to exit at a down cycle at the top half of the range. And so to allow the range to smooth both our service levels and our factory outputs and so far the trajectory that we're showing is exactly the one that we targeted to achieve. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. My understanding was that most at lead times in the industry increased in Q4. Are you do you see trends there or is that coming down rapidly on the basis of cancellations? 
Mark Frey: Well I think we talked about this at the last call, Tristan, and maybe in between calls. Our lead time trend has been fairly stable for our Functional Power Business. The lead times there has tended to be a little bit higher than the liked generally because as we've said in the call we've continued to see pretty strong demand on the leading edge functional power products. So I don't know that I would characterize them as having gone up, but I would say they're still a little higher than we would like. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Great. Thanks guys. 
Operator: And next we'll hear from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: Thanks. Just wanted to clarify Mark your comments about keeping inventories sort of flat in the first quarter, wasn’t sure if you are referring to inventories on a weeks basis or absolute dollar inventories. 
Mark Frey: Dollar inventory. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: So dollar inventory stay flat in the channels so because sales come down, you might actually see further increase in weeks of inventory, you're comfortable with that because you are coming into a second -- a stronger second quarter or you want to have the inventory in place for service levels and ability to meet turns is that kind of a fair? 
Mark Frey: That’s correct. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: Okay. So, do you keep inventories roughly flat in the gross margin guidance for the first quarter, [roughly] no inventory effect in the Q1 margin guidance. So that’s a ability to flat so really the gross margin guidance probably just primarily function of the lower absorption and lower sales quarter-to-quarter. 
Mark Frey: That’s correct. We -- that’s exactly right. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Craig Berger with Wedbush. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush: Good morning. I am hoping you can provide a little commentary around the wireless end market, outside of your ramps of some of your product [offerings]? 
Bob Conrad: Bob Conrad here, quite a bit of our signal path business goes into the wireless segment and we are highly penetrated in switches your comparative may be how hot things were going earlier in the year it has soften a little bit. The other part of our business in signal path that is handsets centric, micro-SerDes doesn’t really reflect any kind of end market conditions because diffusion of a new technology. So and I think the general comment as we have seen some slight softening but we expect the outlook to be pretty good for the products that we are participating in for 2007. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush: Great. And then just one follow-up, I know on the segment gross margins you commented analog likely to increase the most, but these gross margins are all pretty close together here, what you see is the structural kind of long-term gross margin potential for these businesses? 
Mark Thompson: So the -- at the May or June Analyst Day we set out some models for our three segments, and it was all of them having three-year goals to be at contributing between 15% and 20% operating income as a percent of the sales. And, so at the top it was analog which we've modeled at number in the $500 million range at approximately 50% margins, 20% below the line or 30% below the line contributing 20% to the company. Next in that sequence what is -- was FPG where our long-term -- our three-year goals for that were 40% gross margin, 20% below the line and 20% contribution and -- did I miss? 
Mark Frey: Actually the FPG, we have a target band of 35 to 37. 
Mark Thompson: 37, okay. And then the FPG is -- 
Mark Frey: 23 to 27. So we're actually in the FPG band right now and we're reassessing what the complexion of that business would look like. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush: In the analog business, what do you have to do to close the gap there it seems pretty far off? 
Mark Thompson: Develop new products at high margins. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush: Sounds easier said than done but -- 
Mark Frey: No, I don't think there is anything easy about it but if you look at the -- and I don't think anybody would, but, if you look there've been a couple of categories where we've shown the ability to do it and micro-SerDes is a completely new product definition that was essentially zero revenue in 2005 and we have $8 million roughly in Q1 and we expect that to grow across the year. In our analog switch we've gone from a bit player to having 1/3 of that market that. In the DC/DC space we have some very unique solutions and some very excited end-market customers and some very high efficiency, high frequency applications that allow them to get rid of passive networks and those are in a variety of customers' laboratories as we speak. So there is a pretty significant set of things that are coming out that really, we believe, very strongly will move the needle. The SG acquisition, as we articulated has the potential to really transform what is now $200 million power conversion business. And so there is -- the blocks are there, we need to execute obviously, but there are a number of places where I think it's easy to show that we've done that and are actually quite confident that exiting '07 we'll see a very, very different kind of analog business in Fairchild has ever had. 
Mark Thompson: As I said Craig, one thing I would comment on to -- I think it's useful to think of those goals as different time constants for each one. The standard products objective that we laid out, it was probably the one that was closest that had been and the fact as Mark Frey just indicated. We, basically for the last couple of quarters, have been at our target model at the gross margin level. We still have a little bit work to do at the operating margin level but obviously made a lot of progress. Because it was a lot of a mixed out story, which we tended to have more direct control over and has a shorter time constant to effect.  Functional Power is kind of in the middle, because it's a combination. There is some new products obviously, part of that story, but there's a fair amount of mix out and in fact if you look at half the Functional Power business of that model today, the low voltage business and the high voltage business is basically following that same blueprint to success and we are going to talk a lot about that at the February technology review of the FPG.  Finally analog because it's primarily a new product story because if you remember, in 2005, Bob's group did a lot of its mix out. So in 2007 and beyond, this is primarily a new product story and as you know, Craig, new products take a little bit longer. So that has the longest time constant for us. 
Bob Conrad: Yeah, Bob Conrad. With the risk of being a little redundant, I would just like to reiterate on the Systems General side and the short term of the margin expansion is simply the addition of the revenue. But the strategic rational, there about two to three horizon is the skills and relationships those people have, we believe it's going to expand the margin, the value proposition, what is today $160 million internal power conversion business. So, that's one of the reasons why -- that's a fundamental strategic reason why the SG acquisition is a high-leverage point for us. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush: Thanks a lot for the detail and good luck tracking into the goals in 2007. 
Mark Frey: Thanks, Craig. 
Operator: And with no further questions, I will now turn the conference back to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead. 
Dan Janson: Great. Well, thank you very much and thanks to all of you for joining us today. That will conclude our call. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the replay for this call, you may do so by dialing 1-888-203-1112 or 1-719-457-0820 with the pass code of 6815446. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and have a great day. All parties may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Thompson - President and CEO Mark Frey - EVP and CFO Bob Conrad - EVP and General Manager of the Analog Products Group Dan Janson - Senior Director of IR
Analysts: Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers Bill Lewis - JP Morgan Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse Steve Smigie - Raymond James Tore Svanberg - Piper Jaffray Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan
Operator: Good morning and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Fairchild Semiconductor Second Quarter 2006 Earnings Call. At this time, I like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers after the presentation. I would now like to turn conference over to Dan Janson. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Janson: Thank you and good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor's second quarter 2006 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, President and CEO; Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Bob Conrad, our Executive Vice President and General Manager for the Analog Product Group. We will be attending a couple of investor conferences this quarter, including the Pacific Crest Securities Tech Forum in Vail on August 8. We are also attending Citigroup's Global Tech Conference on September 6, in New York. This call is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. I also wanted to note that we plan to publish a mid-quarter press release to update our business outlook on September 6, before the market opens. Now, I'll start today's call with a review of our quarterly results. Mark Thompson will discuss the results in more detail, and then Bob will update us on design wins and the end markets. Mark Frey will wrap up with financial highlights and discuss our forward guidance for the third quarter of 2006. Finally, we will reserve time for questions-and-answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes. Fairchild Semiconductor today announced results for the second quarter ended July 2, 2006. Fairchild reported second quarter sales of $406.3 million, a 1% decrease from the prior quarter and 17% more than the second quarter of 2005. Fairchild's second quarter returned to the normal 13 week duration, compared to the first quarter of 2006 that included 14 weeks. Fairchild reported second quarter net income of $23 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, compared to a net income of $26.6 million, or $0.21 per diluted share in the prior quarter, and net loss of $205.3 million, or $1.71 per share in the second quarter of 2005. Gross margin was 30.8%, 90 basis points higher sequentially, and 10.9 percentage points higher than in the second quarter of 2005. Included in the second quarter of 2006 results is $7.6 million in total equity-based compensation. Fairchild reported second quarter adjusted net income of $28.8 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, compared to adjusted net income of $25.6 million, or $0.21 per diluted share in the prior quarter, and an adjusted net loss of $2.2 million, or $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2005. Adjusted net income or loss excludes amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, restructuring and impairments, net gain on the sale of the LED lamps and displays product line, associated net tax benefits of these items and other acquisition-related intangibles, the impact of reserving the deferred tax asset and other items. Adjusted results include equity-based compensation expense in 2006. Now, Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principles. We use non-GAAP measures, because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains 2006 Q2 fact sheet and updated financial section with updated unaudited financial highlights, including detailed breakups of segment and regional revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA. Now, I’ll turn the discussion over to Mark Thompson, who will review the quarter in more detail.
Mark Thompson: Thank you, Dan. Good morning and thanks for joining us. It has been about three weeks since our Analyst Day event, where we presented a detailed plan and target business model for our ongoing transition to higher value analog and functional power products. Our second quarter results provide more evidence to the effectiveness of this plan and the progress we made in the last year. Our second quarter sales were down less than 1% sequentially, even though we had one less week than in the first quarter. We increased our average daily sales rate by more than 6% sequentially, as we selectively add capacity to keep up with our higher distribution retail and maintain lead times at more stable level. On a year-on-year basis -- year-over-year basis, second quarter sales were up more than 17% due to continued growth in distributor resale, which were up about 9%, and higher sales into OEM up nearly 14% year-on-year. Our bookings during the quarter continued to be healthy. We’re being vigilant in addressing any signs of excessive order rates. We've developed a process to identify and address a typical order pattern, and we continue to closely monitor our booking activities. In fact, we work closely with our customers to push out or cancel more than $15 million in more speculative orders during the second quarter. Even with these actions, we still built backlog during the quarter and believe we're well positioned with high quality backlog entering the third quarter. Our overall blended utilization rates remained roughly at our target levels during the second quarter. We're selectively adding capacity to support our continued growth and to maintain more stable lead times for higher margin analog and functional power products. In a similar pattern as the first quarter, lead times increased somewhat during the middle of the quarter, but we're able to manage them back into the 10 to 12 week range by the end of Q2. We raised gross margins another 90 basis points from the prior quarter, due primarily to better product mix and higher daily sales rate, partially offset by higher equity-based compensation expense and price increases for certain raw materials. This is the fourth quarter in a row that we've increased gross margins, which are now nearly 11 percentage points higher than a year ago. Our efforts to improve product mix and aggressively address the low-end of our margin distribution are producing good results. This is especially evident in 410 basis points and sequential increase in gross margins that we've recorded for our Standard Products Group in the second quarter. In addition to improving product mix to deliver better margins and earnings, another important element of our strategy is to increase our distribution resale, while tightly managing inventory levels. Our distributors recorded more than 3% sequential increase in the resale in the second quarter, resulting in the highest level of distribution resale since the year 2000. We effectively managed our sales into the channel to maintain inventory levels roughly flat to the prior quarter at 11 weeks of supply. At our recent Analyst Day, we presented what we believe is a compelling vision for Fairchild. We received great feedback from analysts and investors, especially on the target business models, which highlights potential for strong earnings growth over the next three years. I believe the results we delivered in the second quarter and our expectations for continued progress in the second half will provide more evidence that we're on track to achieve our goals. Now, I will ask Bob to review our progress in new products, design wins and overall end market dynamics.
Bob Conrad: Thanks Mark. We had another strong quarter of new product developments and design win activity in our Analog and Functional Power groups. On the analog side, we saw robust bookings and numerous design wins for highly efficient FPS power conversion products in a variety of DVD and TV applications, especially in China. We are leveraging our power resource centers and joint development labs with key Chinese customers to expand our market share in this fast growing region. Our low cost filter drivers are also gaining market share in the LCD TV market as our products provide more cost effective highly integrated solution to our customers than previously available. In the computing end market, we continue to expand our penetration beyond the CPU board with innovative DC solutions. We won a number of designs in PC and server memory subsystems, as well as in many storage applications with our latest low voltage regulation product. We had another record quarter for sales in our analog switch product with revenues up 2% sequentially even with a week less in the quarter. During Q2, we won new designs in a variety of handsets, ultra portable and computer applications with these innovative products. Our micro-SerDes product line continues to gain important design wins, and we are now in production on eight different handsets. Our continued strength in these types of products, introduction and design wins will be a big part of our future success in the analog business. Reviewing our functional power products, we had a strong quarter for design wins for our new low voltage MOSFETs and IntelliMAX integrated load switches. We continue to win designs with our latest low voltage switches in a variety of computing and ultra portal applications for our performance, efficiency and extremely small form factors are crucial to our customer success. Our advanced PowerTrench IV and V processes are a leading edge of low voltage MOSFET technology, allowing Fairchild to meet the most demanding customer requirements. Our high voltage switches and integrated Smart Power Modules, or SPMs, are also gaining penetration in a variety of consumer and industrial applications. We won a number of designs with these products in advanced high-definition LCD plasma TVs during the second quarter, which will help drive our growth in the second half 2006 and into 2007. Turning now to our end markets. Sales and order rates were solid in the most end markets with particular strength in product supporting industrial applications. As expected, we saw the normal Q2 seasonal slowdown in orders for our product support in computing end market. Overall, demand continues to be healthy and we ended the second half of 2006 with an excellent backlog position. Let me turn over to Mark Frey for more on our financial results and our forward guidance.
Mark Frey: Thanks Bob. Let me start with some of our financial highlights. We continued our steady improvement in margins in the second quarter. Looking at gross margins by product line, our Functional Power Group increased their gross margins 120 basis points due to new products, ongoing product mix action and manufacturing cost improvements. Our Analog Group recorded a240 basis point decrease in gross margins, due to a shift in product mix, inventory adjustment charges and the impact of reducing our factory run rate to adjust analog inventory. We recorded strong sales and bookings for our power conversion products, currently running in about at the mid 30% gross margin range, which impacts our overall analog margin mix. We recorded the largest gain in standard products, up 410 basis points sequentially due to a combination of better product mix and pricing improvement. R&D and SG&A spending were roughly flat with the prior quarter, as increased equity compensation and salary expense offset the impact of fewer days in the quarter. The combination of higher margins and disciplined spending enabled us to deliver a very healthy 13% sequential increase in second quarter adjusted net income. Turning to the balance sheet. Internal inventories increased to $231 million to support our higher shipping rate, while weeks of supply remained roughly flat with the prior quarter at about 10 weeks. We generated $63 million in cash from operations, resulting in 523 million in cash and marketable securities at the end of the second quarter, down only $13 million even after we paid off 50 million in bank debt during the quarter. Our total debt minus cash and marketable securities, or net debt, decreased to $72 million at the end of Q2, the lowest level in our history. We completed the refinancing of our Term B loan and revolving line of credit during the second quarter. And I was pleased that we were able to not only reduce our interest rate to LIBOR plus 1.5%, but also eliminate some restrictions on future potential strategic option, such as acquisitions or bond repurchases. We expect to save about $2.5 million per year in interest expense at current rates due to this refinancing. Turning now to our forward guidance. We expect third quarter revenues to be roughly flat and gross margins to be flat to up 50 basis points sequentially. We have more than 90% of our guided sales booked and scheduled to ship in the quarter, and we’re comfortable with our guidance for what is typically a seasonally slower quarter. We expect R&D and SG&A spending, including equity-based compensation, to remain at about 21% to 21.5% of sales in the third quarter. Equity-based compensation expense is expected to be between $6 and $7 million, and we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 15% in the third quarter. Fairchild has a clear plan to transition our business to higher value analog and integrated power products, and we've presented straight forward business model targets for investors to judge our performance. We’re committed to making steady, sustainable progress towards these goals, and we look forward to building on our success over the last year, as we enter the second half of 2006. Thank you. I’ll turn the call over to Dan now.
Dan Janson: Thanks Mark. We’ll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions that we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks, and let's take the first question. Wendy.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from Craig Ellis.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Thanks and good morning, guys. The first question is on the segment gross margin performance. As I look at analog and functional power and standard product, it's counterintuitive given the industry on communication's revenue strength for the quarter. Was there something that was surprising on the analog business that developed intra-quarter, and can you quantify the inventory adjustment that impacted gross margins?
Mark Frey: I can't quantify the inventory adjustment. I will say that in the March quarter, Craig, we had very high operating leverage and growing to 40%, it was pretty much most of the stars aligned together. In Q2, our power conversion business became a much bigger part of the total mix and it has a lower than average gross margin profile and that -- [for that] watered down the total.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: And did you see anything on the pricing side in Q2 in that business, or was pricing essentially flat quarter-to-quarter?
Mark Frey: I believe pricing --
Bob Conrad: There was not really a pricing driven impact there.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay. And then as a follow-up. Inventories were up on-hand about 8% in the quarter. How should we look at what you want to do with on-hand inventories over the course of the third quarter, Mark?
Mark Thompson: We're targeting inventories to be roughly flat in terms of weeks. So, we're targeting that for both, internal inventories and channel inventories.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Thanks very much, sir. We'll now take our next question from Romit Shah. Please go ahead, sir, with Lehman Brothers.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Guys, there is a lot of evidence recently that demand in the marketplace has slowed and historically Fairchild has been one of the first companies to see the weakness. Can you help us understand why Fairchild's business has proven to be more resilient this year, is it attributable largely to better lead times, content gains, and larger [SAM]? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: Well, I think it’s a piece of all of the above and, of course, you never really get to conduct a controlled experiment to know. But I think lead times is very key. We have managed to keep lead times in good control throughout this. And so, I think that creates better integrity in terms of what your backlog is. I think our dialog with all of our customers is much more active than I believe it's probably been in the past, so we have been able to see early when customers were making adjustments in demand levels and we are able to react in a timely way. So, when a certain piece of business got rescheduled, we have been able to go find somebody else who could use it. A lot of this tie to the supply chain changes that we have made in really having kind of cradle-to-grave view of the supply chain now. And so, I think all of those things have contributed to our improved stability of performance at this point in the cycle.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Mark, can you quantify the impact from the increased raw material cost on gross margins, please?
Mark Frey: Yeah, roughly -- first of all, the equity compensation is about 40 basis points, you could probably calculate that because we disclosed it. The combination of gold-polymer and actually Korean won currency impact is about a 100 basis points, if you compare back to say Q4, because these have been moving through Q1 and Q2. And so, there was an impact in Q1, but by Q2 it had accumulated to about a 100 basis points.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks very much. And we will now move to Bill Lewis with JP Morgan.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Hi, great, thank you. I guess my question is about the outlook, particularly on the revenue side, maybe somewhat related to some of the prior questions. I think typically is a kind of flat, slightly down quarter for you. You are getting flat, and you have kind of good guidance given the environment and given seasonality. So, could you maybe talk about what might be kind of doing a little bit better this quarter and if there is any kind of guidance you could provide on where the growth is going to come either by the product group or by end market that would be helpful? Thanks.
Mark Frey: What we -- as you said, Bill, we are guiding for basically seasonal, maybe a little better, and the reason for that is that we come in with what we think is a fairly good quality backlog. We've done a lot of work to scrub the backlog, and so, we are coming in as we said over 90% booked and scheduled to ship. The strength, well, we noted specifically that the industrial end markets we've seen not only strong sales in Q2, but also good booking trends there, so that’s going to we think perform pretty well. And then, as far as the other end markets, we expect a normal seasonality to play a role. As we noted, computing market has been a little softer, but that’s not unusual, that’s kind of seasonal. There have been some commentaries about LCD panels out there being a little softer. Again, that’s fairly seasonal. We would expect that to start coming back more as we go through the summer. So, our booking profile, our backlog positions gives us the confidence to schedule -- to guide what we have. And as we have said, we've been scrubbing that backlog pretty hard. So, we think we're in pretty good shape.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay. And on pricing, could you quantify what pricing was in the quarter and what you're assuming pricing to be in the third quarter in your guidance?
Mark Frey: Well, pricing has been pretty moderate for the last couple of quarters, and we usually expect pricing to be down, say, 2% to 4% quarter-on-quarter, and it's been more flattish the last couple of quarters. And it looks like it's probably still kind of in that noise range right now, maybe being flat to down 1%. So, it continues the trend that we've seen in the last couple of quarters being pretty moderate.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. We'll now take our next question from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks guys. Just a question on the gross margin, specifically in the standard products area, nice popup there, you told us why it happened. Just wondered how sustainable that is in kind of related gross margin question, the decrease on the power analog side of things, how do you expect that to play out going forward?
Mark Thompson: So the -- I think the short simple answer on how sustainable will that be for a downturn on standard products is, we don't know. And, I mean, certainly all of our businesses have been looking very aggressively at their product portfolios and have been pushing on higher quality business. Those products are all multiply sourced, and so, we do expect that they will have more pricing erosion during a downturn than the others. But we've changed enough fundamentals about the company that we don’t really have the data to trend the way we used to. So, I think we are just going to have to go through whenever a softening occurs and see how it does. We expect it to be better than historical, but we have no data to trend and to make estimates based on.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then a follow-up question, more on the demand side of things. Mark, at the Analyst Day you commented that, somewhat tongue in cheek, that the main reason you thought there might be a correction in semis is because of the stock prices rather than what your customers were saying. In the last three to four weeks, have you seen anything that brings the view of customers more in line with what the stock market is saying or has there been no change to that statement?
Mark Thompson: No, I would still keep the tongue in the cheek, but I would still make the same statement. We haven’t seen particular increase in cancellation rates. The -- normally Q3 backlog is fairly strong, people put orders on the books, since its quieter season, there is a lot of vacation in various parts of the industry and so forth. But, guiding flat as was noted in an earlier question is actually stronger than historical performance. A lot of things can happen, but based on what we see today, we feel quite comfortable with that guidance. So, while there are a variety of data points that have already been mentioned by folks in terms of LCD panels, handsets, and so forth, being a tad softer, we have not seen that materialize in terms of negative effect on order rates and overall health of our backlog at this point.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. And now from Credit Suisse we have Michael Masdea.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot. I guess the first question is on the lead times. Given kind of the visibility that a lot of companies out there are dealing with, little bit shorter possibly, given some of the risks. Why not try to drive those lead times down even further, under 10 to 12 weeks, to reduce some of the risk out there?
Mark Thompson: We are driving them as low as they can go. I mean, we -- I think everyone would agree that lower is better. The boundary conditions for that are, how much do you want to spend on your capital. So again, we're trying to target, sort of, the center of probabilities. We think in the current environment that 10 to 12 is competitive stand. Certainly, if demand slackens, those will naturally go down. As we've, I think, consistently addressed in our past conversations with financial community, we are erring on the side of being conservative with our capital expenditures. And so, that is the one boundary condition. So, we are constantly readjusting those things. We do a re-crank on -- we essentially re-plan the company once a week, as we go through this. So, we'll continue to manage it, but we believe that our current state is competitive and strikes a healthy balance between being cautious on capital and maintaining a good visibility with our customers.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thanks. And then on the 15 million of push out and cancellations that you, sort of, said you dealt it. Can you talk about the timing of when that happened and was that related to the adjustments in lead time that you guys talked about?
Mark Thompson: That was -- that's a project that we run now couple of times a quarter, where essentially what we do is, we track at what we regard is abnormal order rate, which are higher than somebody ramps their rate more than a certain amount above historical demand. It causes a little system alarm bell to go off, and then we dispatch a team of customer, service and our sales folks to go talk to them and say, why are you putting these orders on the books, what are your end programs. If there is not substantial evidence of end program, then we negotiate with them to not take those orders or de-book them or push them off into the future some place where we can deal with them at another time. So, that’s an established part of our backlog management process now. We do it at least twice a quarter. We just in fact did a very aggressive one at the opening of Q3 to make sure that our backlog -- we had as much visibility in the backlog with this high quality as it could possibly be.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: And I guess, probably I am trying to understand is, why you think that’s occurring? Is there a certain end market or is there -- there was a lead time pop out in that area or do you think its just aggressive customers or what?
Mark Thompson: I think there is a mix of cause for why peoples order rates, in some case they think they may be able to get some business in the future, but they don’t know where it is. Some cases, frankly it's been on the stake on their part, and so just a little bit of all of the above.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you very much. And now we'll take question from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great, thank you. Giving the high level of backlog you have in the quarter, and I guess the weakness you are seeing in the equity markets, are you being a little bit cautious in terms of your guidance? I know, it's little better than seasonally, but is there some potential upside there as well?
Mark Thompson: Well, certainly there is upside potential in it. It's always our goal to emerge on the high side of guidance or beyond. But our guidance is chosen carefully, so that we believe that barring some unforeseen circumstance, we can deliver the guidance that we commit to the financial community. So, yes, there is upside and we will update, of course, as Dan pointed out in September, if we feel more confident that we can deliver the upside. Then at that time we will adjust our guidance.
Mark Frey: As you know, Steve, the summer months are usually the slower months. So, it's prudent that in this quarter not to get too aggressive until you get through those couple of summer months. And so, we have got a good backlog coming in the quarter and we will see how the summer months play out.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. Turning back to the gross margin on the standard products. Could you give us some sort of sense in normalized environment where you guys might be able to get that to, say, over the next 18 months or so or two years.
Mark Frey: I believe at our Analyst Day conference we presented to you a model that had a range between 23% and 27% for the current Standard Product Group. There are strategies of making the group smaller through a more aggressive mix out and getting that gross margin target closer to 30%, but we really haven’t finished the process of deciding which course would be most advantageous to us.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. I think one of your comments on the improvement there was some mixed improvement. Was that more a decision of customer coming in and taking specific parts of higher margin or again more of your efforts to mix out some of the other parts?
Mark Frey: I think it was both. We certainly had some active mix out activities during the quarter and we had some within the product lines a shift to some favorable products for us.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. Our last question was just on the lead times. Was there -- could you comment on the lead times in the particular categories over lead times much longer in standard products versus the analog, for example?
Mark Thompson: It’s the mix. Certainly we've tried to give the slots in production to analog at the expense of standard products. So, certainly I think our single highest lead times are in -- actually that’s not correct, the mean for standard products is higher than analog. So it does tend to be higher, which has also pushed us up, pushed the team towards mixing some of those out.
Mark Frey: I mean, we addressed kind of the spot spikes in lead times on an ongoing basis. We've had a couple of examples in the analog world. Bob mentioned, for example, power conversion. You've seen some lead times jump out there on power conversion, because the demand has been so strong. So, we are actively working that. We work it both, in the back end, as well as selectively adding capacity in the fab. So, it's an ongoing process. I think we've been pretty vocal about our desire to keep analog lead times down around 10 weeks or so, and we are probably a little above that now, but we've got the actions in place to get them back where we want them to be.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move to Tore Svanberg with Piper Jaffray.
Tore Svanberg - Piper Jaffray: Could you talk a little bit about the linearity of your bookings last quarter? Are you there?
Dan Janson: Sorry, we're -- we're just thinking.
Mark Thompson: We are trying to --
Dan Janson: I think we are trying to think was there anything that was really unusual.
Mark Thompson: Yeah.
Bob Conrad: Dan, I guess, at least for analog, it was quite linear with the only perturbations being what Mark talked about in trying to go work areas of backlog where were concerned it was too high. And, we are working to manage it down, but it was pretty linear for analog.
Tore Svanberg - Piper Jaffray: Very good, and it looks like you're assuming about 10% turns this quarter. Just looking back in history, is that usually the level of turns you would get in the September quarter?
Mark Frey: Did you say the September quarter?
Tore Svanberg - Piper Jaffray: Yes, 10% turns, yes.
Mark Frey: I think traditionally we would get more turns than 10%.
Mark Thompson: Yes. I mean the way I would look at turns story, it’s a function of where our lead times are. Obviously, if we’ve got 6 week lead times, we can do more turns in the quarter, because we have more opportunity to book and sell. We’re sitting at, as we said, between 10 to 12 week lead times right now. So, having more than 90% of what we have scheduled to ship on the books is probably a good number. That makes sense given where our lead times are at.
Tore Svanberg - Piper Jaffray: Great. And then just finally, looks like you're going to maintain your utilization rates where they are next quarter. Could you remind us where they are in certain parts of manufacturing?
Mark Frey: The low to mid 90% level. That will adjust because we are selectively adding capacity in certain areas where we have higher demand.
Tore Svanberg - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now move to Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Good morning. Could you single out the impact of the raw material increase on your gross margin for the second half? And then you mentioned 100 basis point impact in Q2. Could you tell us again what this included?
Mark Frey: The 100 basis point included the changes in raw material prices, primarily polymers and gold, both directly and as those prices filtered through our subcontractors. It also included an estimate of the effect of the strengthening won on the conversion of our cost in Korea where, as you know, we have a very substantial operation. And what was the first question? Again the raw material --
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: To get a sense of the raw material impact on gross margin in the second half?
Mark Frey: We think the price resettlement has run most of its course. There are a couple of subcontractors that we had longer contracts with, and we don’t know what the renegotiation with those subcontractors will be. But by and large, we've seen the won stabilize. Gold has actually come-off of its peak, and we're still watching them carefully. So, there will be a much smaller ongoing impact and they are already baked into the historic numbers.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then what about stock compensation specifically?
Mark Frey: That actually will -- it was 7.6 million in second quarter and 1.7 million above the line, which is about 40 basis points. That will come down slightly. We had some special items in the second quarter and the nuances of forfeiture patterns and vesting patterns effect that and we would expect that, as I say, to moderate slightly in the third and fourth quarter
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then the last one, could you remind us what is the benefit of your new depreciation policy and gross margin versus Q1 on last year?
Dan Janson: So, year-over-year change, it was 2 to 3 percentage points, yes.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And moving on, we'll now take a question from Michael McConnell with Pacific Crest.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest: Thank you. I was wondering if you could quantify the increase in backlog sequentially in Q2.
Mark Thompson: Mike, we don’t normally give out specifics on backlog. What we will say and what we have said last couple of quarters that we have continued to build backlog and Q2 was no exception to that. We did build backlog during the quarter.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest: Okay. So I guess, looking at this year, building backlog you are seeing some over ordering from customers. Do you think that the overall ordering from end customers is occurring because you are trying to raise price right now? And so they are trying to get the products earlier before the price hikes take effect or anticipating future price hikes?
Mark Thompson: I don’t think that’s the dominant element. I think if we were to [ferredo] the root cause of some of the over orderings, I don’t think there is any one specific thing. Certainly, there always is some speculative buying in the distribution community. They buy and resell, so it that’s a natural thing. But I don’t -- I certainly don’t -- we don’t see, for example, it's not correlated necessarily with places where the biggest price moves have made. So, I don’t really think that’s a primary driver of it.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then the -- is it primarily occurring in that standard product segment where you've seen the lead times little bit longer?
Mark Thompson: No, not at all. In fact, it's been primarily concentrated in the analog and in FPG.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Analog, okay, and FPG. Okay, great.
Bob Conrad: Yeah, I mean, and specifically in analog, Mark Frey mentioned a little bit of a mix shift. Our power conversion or offline power business grew strongly quarter-on-quarter about 7%, and that’s also where the backlog has been the strongest and where we've worked the backlog the most and where our lead times have long estimates. Centered around, obviously, we're actually gaining share, especially in China. But in addition, we've had some very specific package constraints, and as Dan alluded to, we've taken action on those. They get all results through the back half of the year.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, could you just remind us, what type of cancellation window your customers have with you, the backlog? Is it 30 days?
Mark Thompson: Yes, that’s most of it, would be 30 days.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now hear from Eric Gomberg with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, thank you. You commented earlier that PC was weak in the second quarter, which is pretty well known. I didn’t quite understand if you expect PC to be up sequentially in the third quarter, and maybe you could give a sense of on flat guidance, which end markets should be higher sequentially and which would you expect to be lower?
Mark Frey: Well, we are not counting on computer, changing its patterns in Q3. I think we're seeing the continuation of strong demand in industrial areas. Those are probably the two extremes on the more cautious and on the more aggressive side for us.
Dan Janson: Yes, that’s a good way to characterize it. I mean, as we said, we noted that demand on the PC side was little softer in Q2, and so clearly the bookings in Q2 are going to impact what we'll ship in Q3. So, I think you can read that one. We also mentioned that industrial was stronger. So we would expect industrial to continue to be strong in Q3. And then, the other end market is pretty much in line with normal seasonality.
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: And, which would you expect to be stronger, standard products or analog in the third quarter?
Mark Frey: From a revenue standpoint?
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes. I mean, either -- would you expect them in terms of sequentially flat down which -- if any difference, which --
Mark Thompson: The analog is definitely stronger than standard products in terms of quarter-on-quarter growth.
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And just one other question. It sounds like maybe demand is leveling off somewhat. Should we assume that it might limit near term margin expansion? Should we model the out quarters with more of a flattish gross margin versus additional near-term expansion?
Mark Thompson: So, I mean, we would certainly -- there is the couple of pieces to this. I guess if I started with the conclusion and work back. Yes, we are being cautious about the opportunities for gross margin expansion during the back half of this year and feel much more confident in the timing for some key programs that are going to improve the slope of that rate coming in, in the first half of 2007. So, that’s our current expectation. Again, if you look at the way this has played out versus some of our earlier communications, we made earlier gains faster than we thought we would, and I think that’s inevitably causing the back half of this year to have a lower slope and we have a number of key programs that we believe will really accelerate that again in the first half of next year.
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Is there no chance to say the mid 30s gross margin target for next year?
Mark Thompson: No, our strategic targets remain as we have articulated them. But, of course, as we update and the plans become more specific and the programs more concrete, inevitably it moves from a straight line to having a little bit more of a saw tooth character.
Eric Gomberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And, Quinn Bolton from Needham and Company has our next question.
Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company: Hi, just wanted a follow-up on two points. One, just the revenue guidance being sort of flattish sequentially, probably you're not going to get a big boost from increased utilization rate. So, was sort of curious as to where the potential 50 basis points, high end of the range is coming from in terms of gross margin improvement. Is that your sort of better mix recovery in analog, or could you just sort of discuss what might lead to gross margin improvement on kind of a flattish revenue outlook?
Mark Thompson: Yeah, it would be primarily mix driven.
Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company: Okay. To some of-- again, recovering in analog or just within each of the product families?
Mark Frey: No, I would say it would be quite distributed across the product families.
Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company: Okay. And then the second question is, with your lead times 10 to 12 weeks, I'm assuming most of your turns business has to be done in the month of July to, sort of, get that on the books to be able to ship by quarter end. Is it sort of the risk in the quarter that you actually see debookings through August and September, or do you end up seeing just because of the backend load in the quarter that you can actually book and ship, a fair amount of business in the month of September?
Mark Thompson: The primary risk to the quarter, and I'll call risk here in terms of risk the guidance, would be in -- an excel -- increase in the rate of de-bookings and rescheduling versus our current trends.
Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now hear from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Two questions, Mark, about the scrubbing process. Is this something that you have initiated since you had been there, because I’m going back to two years ago and just to the press release you guys had about the volatility in the backlog? The second question, where are you adding capacity and what specific design wins or end markets are supporting your conviction that you need to add capacity? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: Well, actually a couple of things. First is the process that we're using to scrub backlog is new, and in fact we really piloted it maybe two quarters ago and have been as with all of our processes doing an active check, update, improve process on it. And, Fairchild employees are no longer permitted to say the word volatile. So, in application or anything at all, so it has to come up -- go to their thesaurus if they want to describe uncertainty.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Where are we adding capacity?
Mark Thompson: Well, capacity is being driven by our strategic programs with our key accounts. So, we've talked, for example, in places like micro-SerDes where we have a number of design wins, we have new phones going into production, and that's one example of where we've put quite a lot of new capacity in place in order to meet the demand of those customers. Other examples are in some of our power MOSFETs, like the PT VI and PT V technologies that Mark referenced earlier. Those are getting very good acceptance in a broad set of markets and those are places where those are strategic businesses important to our customers, quite profitable to us and are the places where we are strategically adding. So, in general the capacity additions are being driven directly by key focused programs that are Tier 1 OEMs.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will now hear from Craig Berger with Wedbush Morgan.
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Real quickly, just a couple of tactical things here. On OpEx, you guys basically guided to flat, as we move into out of Q3 and into Q4 and beyond, should we would be thinking about that 21% to 21.5% range being pretty standard or what's your spending growth plan? Thank you.
Mark Frey: Well, it will vary obviously with how we are performing, because our bonus and our equity compensation will vary with delivering results to shareholders. As you know, at our Analyst Day, we presented a three year target to get combined operating expenses, including equity compensation, to around the 20% range. And so we look for opportunities to make progress towards that, and that will not be linear either. But, we on an ongoing basis will try to grow our OpEx slower than our revenue.
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Great. And then with respect to taxes, I apologize if you guys addressed this, 15% for Q3, is that your new standard tax rate or what's going on there?
Mark Frey: Well, I hesitate to ever articulate around standard tax rate. Let me remind you that the tax rate derives from where we make our income. As you know, we wrote-off our deferred tax asset last year that was $195 million. And so, as we make income in the US, we have a zero tax rate until we claim those assets. We have a tax holiday in Korea, which is disclosed in our 10-K and we pay about 6% income tax there. So, that creates a weighted tax of -- and it can vary, it depends on where we make our income of about 15%. And there is fairly large, it's not a narrow band, it's just a variability band, because it’s a result of combination of special items which almost always occur across quarters and where we jurisdictionally make our income. Is that what you are looking for?
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Yes. One -- just one brief follow-up on that. Mark, what number should we be using for '07?
Mark Frey: I am not guiding past '06. But if you look at the underlying contributions to tax rate, we would have to make a lot of income in the US, as you can imagine, to work all the way through those tax write-offs. And in Korea, our holiday will notch-up in expenses to about 15% next year. So, you could factor something in for that.
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Great. Thanks and nice job.
Operator: And we will now take our first follow-up question from Craig Ellis with Citigroup.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: Thank you, just wanted to cycle back on inventory. For the build in the quarter, can you just identify how much of that would have been either finished or raw? And then secondly, how should we think about to build across the three product segments, functional power, analog and standard products?
Mark Frey: On the breakdown it was primarily WIP and finished goods. There was some amount of raw materials across product lines. It was weighted towards analog, I believe, with number two being the functional power.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup Smith Barney: All right. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: And we have another follow-up question from Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Hi, again. You mentioned that gross margin expansion will slow down a little bit into second half versus the first half before picking up again early '07. Could you expand on why that will be? I mean, if we look at the pricing environment, it looks to be pretty stable. So, we are not going to really see an impact -- or incremental impact here in the second half. And also in terms of your new products, included in cell phones, it looks like you're still pretty at early stage of the ramp. And so, I'm just wondering what will have really helped the first half potentially at the expense of the second half in terms of gross margin expansion.
Mark Thompson: Okay. So, let me try to comment on some of the elements that went into what we just described. So, it’s the case first that the thing we have tried consistently to do is to deliver -- to offer guidance to the finance community that we feel very confident that we know how to do. And so, we aren’t -- we tend -- we'll naturally tend to be a little bit conservative in terms of thinking about the events that will occur. The mix out process that was, if you look at the two components that drive margin. One, our strategic programs where the overall quality of the product, the importance for the customer, and therefore the opportunity to make margins tend to be slow to occur, their new product development, their design-in on new platforms and they tend to be slower. The mix out piece where you are simply taking your current business and optimizing the better business against the poor margin business, it tends to be faster. So, when we put our models out for people about how to think about Fairchild, there were a lot of very key programs that were beginning to hit during this year. But we are really going to hit in 2007 in volume in a sort that can really move the mix of 1.6 plus billion dollar business. What occurred was that the mix process got acculturated within the company more rapidly than we anticipated, and so we made -- what was going to be a kind of straight line across the year, wound up getting pulled in and front-end loaded. So what that means is that the natural process of the low hanging fruit on the margin distribution piece has largely been harvested, and so that piece will naturally slow down, and while it gets caught up by the key strategic product platform piece, which is slower. So, it's really a timing thing. It's not at all a statement that, everybody has one with this in the sense of we have the dollars of income earlier than we thought, but that just means that the rate of improvement will slow down for a little while potentially over the next -- over the back half of this year.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Great, that helps a lot. Thank you.
Dan Janson: We have time for one more question please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And Dan, it appears to be the last one. I'll go ahead and turn the call back over to you.
Dan Janson: Excellent. Well, thank you very much for all of you for joining us. We appreciate your attendance.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the replay of this conference, you may do so by dialing 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 with the pass code of 8634884. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for your participation and have a great day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Janson - Senior Director of IR Mark Thompson - President and CEO Mark Frey - EVP and CFO Bob Conrad - SVP and General Manager of the Analog Products Group
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Craig Ellis - Citigroup Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers Bill Lewis - JP Morgan Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse Steve Smigie - Raymond James Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company Jim Schneider - Wedbush Morgan Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the First Quarter 2006 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the presentation. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Janson. Please go ahead, Sir.
Dan Janson: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor's first quarter 2006 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, President and CEO; Mark Frey, our new Executive Vice President and CFO; Bob Conrad, our Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Analog Products Group; and Izak Bencuya, our Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Functional Power Group. First I would like to highlight some upcoming investor conferences that we will be attending. On May 2, we will be attending the CSFB Semiconductor and Semiconductor Capital Equipment Conference in New York. We'll attend the Piper Jaffray Hardware & Communication Conference on May 10 in New York, and then the Robert W. Baird Growth Stock Conference in Chicago on May 11. We'll also address the JP Morgan Technology Conference in San Francisco on May 23, and the Citigroup Semiconductor Conference in Boston on June 1. Finally, we'll present that the Bear Stearns Technology Conference in New York on June 13. We will be calling our Annual Analyst Day on June 28 at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California. And this is the first time we held the event on the West Coast and we look forward to seeing our large shareholders in the West in that area as well as all the sell-side analysts that cover us. So please mark the calendar for June 28 to join our executive management team for a morning of presentations and discussions about the future of Fairchild. This call is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations session of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. I also want to note that we plan to publish our mid-quarter press release to update our business outlook on June 7 before the market opens. Now I will start today's call with a review of our quarterly and annual -- quarterly results. Mark Thompson will discuss the results in more detail and then Bob will provide some additional color on our strong analog performance as well as update us on design wins and end markets. Mark Frey will wrap up with financial highlights and discuss our full guidance for the second quarter of 2006. Finally, we will reserve time for questions and answers. We schedule this call to last approximately 60 minutes. Fairchild Semiconductor today announced results for the first quarter ended April 2, 2006. Fairchild reported first quarter sales of $409.5 million, 10% increase from the prior quarter and 13% more than the first quarter of 2005. Fairchild's first quarter of 2006 included 14 weeks instead of the normal 13 weeks fiscal quarter. Fairchild reported first quarter net income of $26.6 million or $0.21 per diluted share compared to a net loss of $4.7 million or $0.04 per share in the prior quarter and a net loss of $10.4 million or $0.09 per share in the first quarter of 2005. Gross margin was 29.9%, 570 basis points higher sequentially and 680 basis points higher than in the first quarter of 2005. Included in the first quarter results are $5.3 million in total stock-based compensation in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Number 123R, $3.2 million net gain on the sale of LED lamps and displays product line and a $3.5 million in net tax benefits related to certain finalized tax filings and audit outcomes. Fairchild reported first quarter pro forma net income of $25.6 million or $0.21 per diluted share, significantly better than the pro forma net income of $13.6 million or $0.11 per diluted share in the prior quarter and the pro forma net income of $12.5 million or $0.10 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2005. Pro forma net income excludes amortization of acquisition related intangibles, restructuring and impairments, gains from the sale of the LED lamps and displays product line, certain net tax benefits, litigation settlement proceeds, charges for potential settlement losses, impact of tax repatriation and other items. Pro forma results include stock-based compensation expense. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements including all statements about future results and performance are made based on assumptions, estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call we may refer to pro forma or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. Website also contains 2006 first quarter fact sheet and updated financial sections with updated unaudited financial highlights including detailed breakout of segment and retail revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA. Now I will turn the discussion over to Mark Thompson, who will review the quarter in more detail.
Mark Thompson: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. As many of you know, we set some aggressive operational and financial performance goals in the middle of last year and I am pleased to report that Fairchild delivered impressive first quarter results ahead of our expectations. In the next few minutes I will update you on progress including my thoughts about our sales and gross margin growth, analog performance, channel management and inventory control. Let's start with top-line performance. We grew first quarter sales by more than 10% sequentially above our initial expectations. Keep in mind we had an extra week in the first quarter that explains 7% to 8% of sequential sales increase which was partially offset by 2% reduction in sales related to the divestiture of our LED lamps and displays product line at the beginning of the quarter. Netting this out results in a 4% to 5% apples-to-apples sales increase compared to Q4 2005, well above our typical first quarter results of down 2% to 3%. After spending most of last year reducing inventories and improving our channel management processes we were able to resume shipping in line with end market consumption in the first quarter which drove most of our above seasonal sales growth. We also believe that we have gained market share in both our analog and high value power discrete businesses, based on the latest WSTS data. Our goal has been to grow our analog and power discrete business at/above the market rate while becoming increasingly selective in our lower margins standard products business and this is exactly the profile performance we delivered in Q1. We grew our analog sales a strong 18%, power discrete nearly 13%, while reducing standard products revenue by 1% from the previous quarter. The increase in sales helped to improve our utilization rates to our target levels, typically in the low to mid 90s which coupled with a modest improvement in product mix enabled us to significantly increase gross margins 570 basis points sequentially, to effectively achieve our immediate goal of 30% in 2006. Clearly we have made faster progress improving our gross margins than anticipated. We expect to make steady progress toward our next objective of mid 30% gross margins by delivering more new products, while mixing out lower value products to better optimize the margin mix running in our factories. In this way, we believe we can show continued gross margin leverage even as we maintain our target utilization. I am particularly pleased with our improvement in the analog gross margin, now above 40%, which is the highest level we have recorded since the year 2000. This is also beginning to reflect the investments we made in product development and field application support to build a higher value product portfolio. We are making solid progress toward our goals to build our analog business to the $500 million sales level at 45% to 50% gross margins in the next three years. Bob will discuss our analog progress in more detail a little later in this call. Our bookings were even greater than sales allowing us to build backlog during the quarter and position us very well for Q2. We are monitoring our backlogs very closely for signs of excess order rate. We are managing lead times more effectively on analog and high power discrete which we believe reduces the potential for excessive order rates. We have actually reduced blended lead times during the second half of the first quarter to about 10 weeks with lead times for our analog and power discrete products generally below this level are roughly half of what they were during the last up cycle of 2004. We are also working closely with our small distributors in Asia to ensure that their order rates are in line with the end market demand, using paper performance incentives to drive better management, which leads me to the distribution channel. We are keenly focused on managing our distribution channel to closely map our shipments for the channel sell-through. In the first quarter channel resales were seasonably lower in Asia due to the lunar New Year holiday but sequentially higher in other regions resulted in worldwide resales being about 3% lower than the prior quarter. We responded by adjusting our shipments into our distributors to achieve about 1% reduction of inventory dollar, while we held weeks in supply roughly flat to the prior quarter. We are of to a great start in 2006 and look forward to building on this momentum during the rest of the year. We are still early in the process of mixing out lower margin business to improve our gross margins. Our new product pipeline continues to improve, as we build our technical capabilities to better sell and support high value products in the field. We are managing lead times more effectively on analog and high power discrete products to better meet our customer requirements and to minimize the potential for excessive order rate, and we are watching inventories like a hawk to stay in our target range. I believe the impressive results we delivered in the first quarter offer just a glimpse of the improvement possible for Fairchild as we continue our transition to higher product value portfolio in the fast growing analog and power management market. I would like to take a minute to welcome Mark Frey, our new CFO, who will discuss our financials in just a few minutes. I have known Mark for years, worked closely with him in [tasked roles] and delighted to have him on the team. You will find Mark to be a great person to be work with, articulate, credible and with highest level of integrity. Now, Bob will review the analog results for more details as well as our progress in new products, design wins and end-market dynamics.
Bob Conrad: Thanks Mark. We delivered impressive analog financial performance in the first quarter which is more indicative of the results possible with our higher value product mix and stable inventories. With sales of $82.1 million, up 18% sequentially and gross margins of slightly more than 40%, our analog business reached an important turning point in Q1. I want to take a few minutes to explain some of the reasons for this turnaround followed by a review of our end-market. We have been joined Fairchild more than two year ago, we have been focusing our analog team on opportunities where we can provide leadership products offering unique value to our customers. When Mark took over as CEO, he challenged us to accelerate the transition of our analog business to become a clear leader in our chosen market. To meet this goal, we've increased our design effort by adding more design teams and design centers while building a stronger field applications team. While these investments are for our long-term goals, we are already seeing the impact on our product portfolio. One metric that we track to measure our new product success is a percent of total backlog that is comprised of new products, which we define as those released within the last three years. This metric has been rising steadily over the last two years and has been in the range of 55% to 60% of the backlog for analog business during the last three quarters up from the mid 40% range a year ago. Margins on our new products are higher than our average indicating the potential for continued gross margin expansion. Looking at some examples with the types of new products that are driving these improvements. We won designs with a variety of our leading power conversion products, including our highly energy efficient FPS power switches and power factor correction solutions that help to drive significant sequential increase in the first quarter of power conversion sales at record margins. These products serve a wide variety of end markets including consumer electronics and all supportable to lighting and high power industrial motors. Our analog switch products continue to win important designs in handset and computing applications enabling us to us achieve record sales again this quarter while building a very strong backlog position. We are expanding our strength in audio switches to new USB switch solution targeting high growth handset and computing application. We recorded strong sales and bookings growth of our signal path analog business led by a high margin µSerDes interface products and our highly integrated analog video filters, drivers and amplifiers. We continue to expand our design win base and expect to steadily ramp revenue in this line across 2006, as more of these designs go into production. And our system power business we believe we have gained share with our VRD 10-compliant system regulators and expect to continue this momentum with our new generation of VRD 11 compliant solutions. We are also winning new designs with system regulators for the memory graphics and other sub systems in the computing and storage end market. In our functional power products we won a number of new designs with a highly integrated SPM line of power module in a variety of air conditioner and industrial motor applications enabling us to achieve record sales for these products in the first quarter. We are also winning designs and gaining market share with our advanced low power MOSFET products targeted for LCD television and we expect this market to continue growing at well above average rate. Our new product execution continues to improve making the foundation for higher sales at better margins in the future. Turning now to our end markets, sales continued to be solid in all of the end markets with particular strengths in product supporting industrial, handset and computing applications. Bookings grew steadily during the quarter resulting in continued backlog growth even as we maintained stable lead times. Order rates were at or about fourth quarter 2005 levels in virtually all end markets while demand was strong as power products servicing the power supply, battery charger and desktop PC segments. Let me turn it over to Mark Frey for more on our financial results and our forward-looking guidance.
Mark Frey: Thanks Bob. Let me start with financial highlights. We delivered excellent financial performance in virtually all aspects of our business led by our significant improvement in margins. Our strong sales growth improved product mix coupled with better utilization and operational performance enabled us to increase gross margins to 29.9%. We effectively managed total pro forma operating expense to remain within our guidance increasing $90 million sequentially due to bonus accruals, stock-based compensation expense, and the greater number of days in the quarter. Our stock-based compensation expense was higher than our regional guidance because our better than expected financial performance resulted in higher performance share expense. In addition, the expense amortization of these performance shares is front end loaded. Our underlying effective pro forma tax rate was 15.8% in the first quarter and reflects the benefits of generating profits in low tax jurisdictions, as well as the usage of a portion of the US deferred tax assets that were reserved in 2005. These combined factors enabled us to record more than an 88% sequential increase in our pro forma earnings and EPS in the first quarter. During the first quarter, we generated 3 million in cash flow from operation resulting in cash and marketable investments of $535.6 million. Internal inventories remained lean and well within our target range given our higher sales level. My past experiences have made it clear to me the importance of maintaining tight controls of inventory and spending in general, and I plan to focus intensely of staying within our target ranges. Our $23 million in capital spending for the quarter keeps us within our annual budget of 6% to 8% of sales. Cash flow was negatively impacted by the payment of nearly $20 million of accrued liabilities for our fourth quarter tax repatriation and the settlement of certain liability claims. Turning now to our forward guidance, we expect second quarter revenues to be flat to down 3% sequentially as we return to a 13-week second quarter from the 14-week first quarter of 2006. We entered the second quarter with a stronger backlog position than a quarter ago, which coupled with continuing capacity additions should allow us to sequentially increase our daily ship rates from less than 4.2 million per day in the first quarter to more than 4.4 million per day in the second quarter of 2006. This represents about 6% sequential increase in our daily ship rates. We forecast gross margins to increase about 50 to 100 basis points sequentially, due to expected improvements in our product mix and slightly better utilization. Looking forward to the rest of 2006 and 2007, we expect to continue growing sales for our analog and power discrete products at/above the market rate while maintaining our tight control of general and internal inventories. We believe the combination of profitable sale growth and improved product mix through more new products and less low margin commodity business will allow us to make continued steady progress toward our next goal of mid 30% gross margins. We expect operating expenses to remain flat with the first quarter as we selectively fund new product development opportunities while rigorously controlling infrastructure costs. Our underlying effective tax rate for 2006 is expected to remain at approximately the same level as the first quarter of 2006. It is important to note that effective tax rates can vary as the regional distribution of income shifts during the year. We are forecasting our stock-based compensation expense to be in the $6 million to $7 million per quarter range for the rest of 2006. Our strong first quarter results and guidance for sequentially higher daily shipments and gross margin for the second quarter provide more evidence of the progress Fairchild is making at improving the quality of our business. I am personally excited to be part of this great team and to help lead the powerful transformation that’s underway at Fairchild. Thank you. I will turn the call now back over to Dan.
Dan Janson: Great, thanks Mark. We will now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we would limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks and let's take the first question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks and congratulations on a strong quarter. Just wanted to look in to your guidance on both the top line and the gross margin, if you could break that down a little bit by the three basic segments that you have the power analog, the discrete and the standard products, that would be helpful?
Dan Janson: Sure, while we have guided the sales flat to down 3% and as you could see in the profile for Q1 our analog sales grew the most and I think that's going to be a scene that we should be seeing playing out for '06 that our analog business should be growing the fastest, our discrete business is going to be growing at a very healthy clip, both either at/above market and then on the standard product side, like you saw, we are going continue to run that in a very selective mode and I would expect to see the least growth there.
Mark Frey: As for the gross margins, we would get some leverage out of the increased daily shipped rates, plus we continue to have a positive mix out of reduced low margin commodity products and additional higher margin analog products.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And I guess is the follow-up, given your new target as the mid thirties and the gross margin. Can you just explain a couple of the leverage that you get there and then any general timeframe that we could expect that goal to be achieved?
Mark Thompson: Well, Mark here, let me answer you question backwards. First is we are in the middle of re-running our financial models and we are not done with that yet. So, one our plans come analyst day is to provide a refresh of our improvement schedule at that time and so I would like to differed the answer to that for the analysts day discussion and in terms of the mechanisms to improve margin are heavily increasingly orient toward new product development, new application development and making space in the factories for those product by reducing the commodity end of the business and that will be a consistent team most aggressively worked in analog but will be managed across the business that way.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great thank you.
Operator: And we will now hear from Craig Ellis, Citigroup.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning everybody and congratulations on the strong quarter. Just to clarify the strength in the quarter versus the mid quarter update, how much of the basic 1.4% incremental revenue growth came from either a better end-market performance, maybe better execution on the part of field application engineers through your internal supply chain or alternatively just new product expenses that you haven quite picked in?
Mark Thompson: Well it's very difficult to partition those because they are really part of the machine that we have been working very hard on and so, certainly they all contributed, we commented during, if you recall during Q4 that we fell that our revamp supply chain organization had done a very good job of delivering on short lead opportunities and that continued to trend into Q1 and the performance of that team continues to improve. We continue to see a very good residence between the new products that the analog and the high power MOSFETs teams are launching. So really it's a -- there is no single element that's driving the performances of the business. It's -- the system is working bit better each quarter and I think that what's driving the results.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. And then may be a strategy question for you, Mark, you have that LED divestiture in the first quarter. You are getting great momentum on the analog types of business, can you talk about how you look at organic growth within the analog segment versus the potential for some selective acquisitions that augment the core that you have there?
Mark Thompson: Bob, do you want to handle the analog product question?
Bob Conrad: Yeah. Obviously, even with -- taken out the 14 week of this quarter, we grew quite strongly and so we are doing clearly double-digit well above market rate for this year, and in Mark's commentary he described they are trying to get into the $450 million to $500 million analog business size out in 2008, we have been at that run rate some point through the year. And we feel like we are on pace to that and can do that without acquisitions. So we are always looking at acquisitions to both -- obviously refine our own strategic view as well as look for opportunities to accelerate that. But we are working at that same on track to get to that range of business in 2008. And this year we are at or ahead of that pace that we had actually kind of outlined last fall.
Mark Thompson: Well, let me add a quick comment in addition to Bob's about acquisition, so one of the structural changes that we made last year was we took one of our officers, Pete Groth and had him worked full time on acquisition analysis and really developing a framework for both deal flow and also getting very disciplined about things that we buy and sell. And so Pete managed the process for the LED divestiture, for example, that went very smoothly. We are looking very hard at lots of things that we could acquire that would accelerate the trajectory of our strategy, but we will be very disciplined about what we buy and in the event that we do acquire, it will clearly line up with one of our key strategic goals and will quantify deliverables at that time.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Great. And then lastly for Mark Frey. Mark first welcome on board, and secondly, how should we think about where you'd like internal inventories to be as exit second quarter?
Mark Frey: Well, we are targeting to be flat as we exit second quarter. As a general comment, as you know I have come from Lam Research where we kept setting the bar lower and lower below even theoretical models of what was achievable and the results are very impressive. So I am a hawk on inventories and I have only just gotten started here, but I will be looking and challenging all aspects of the channel of inventories including external inventories to make sure that we can optimize the [mark] because I think it is one of those underlying things that drives other benefits offer to the company whether it's cycle time whether it's more leverage over pricing et cetera.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And we will now hear from Romit Shah with Lehman Brothers.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thanks for taking my question. How should we think about the 18% sales growth in analog? I mean, even if I strip out the 7% to 8% contribution from the extra week it seems a lot faster than consumption, and you guys are not building inventories, help us think about the contribution from market share gains?
Mark Thompson: Bob, that sounds like a market share question for you.
Bob Conrad: Well, obviously. Yes, we are out growing the market. Yes we do not achieve that by building inventory in the distribution channels, consistent with the overall company performance on that front as well. The computing segment was up strongly for us this quarter in both CPU power management VRD 10 as well as system regulators. The signal path business, which is our switches, our µSerDes was in our first full quarter of production, it was up well into the double digits quarter-on-quarter as well. And then over in our AC-DC, where our Green FPS or sub-1-W standby power product family was up again nearly 20% quarter-on-quarter. So we are seeing just a lot of growth from each of the product strategies in actually widely varied market. So overall market share in the analog segment were still a relatively small player, but we probably gained couple of sensible points quarter-on-quarter overall. And we are doing it in segments that we are already in, so it has obviously increased share as opposed to trying to be broader than we were a year ago.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And could you just clarify the comment that lead times contracted in the second half of the quarter, was that that you guys just actively trying to be more responsive on orders or did you start to see customers make some cuts on some of the longer lead time products, in standard products for example?
Mark Thompson: Well a couple of things, first is that the longest lead times in general are in standard products, so consistent with the best -- the most important strategic business gets the first shot at capacity, the lead times I believe are longest in logic for example. So, its part of the continued process and in fact the only -- the order rate is very, very strong. The only orders that were taken of the books were taken off as a result of our collaboration with end customers in concluding together that there was no demonstrated end market for what they -- particularly in case of distribution, what people wanted to put on the book and we took multiple tens of millions of dollars off the books as a results of that and it was always a collaborative discussion with the distributor. So, there is -- that’s a bit of the process and so Robin Goodwin and the supply chain team continued to improve their process and active dialog with the end customers for what's the key timings for things are and managing a process that allows us to move the mean lead times down by moving something's in and something's out.
Mark Frey: The only other thing I would add to that Romit, as you know, we take lead time units very seriously here. We think that’s a big element in preventing excessive order rates which has marked the cycles in the past. In the analog area in particular, we have also circled the added capacity, because we know on the analog side in particular having our lead times to be less than 10 weeks is really crucial to that market and we are really trying to manage that way.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Well Mark, I mean what's your view, just in general on distributor inventories, I mean at 10 weeks do you think they should be carrying more, I mean just given the bookings strength and the better than seasonal growth you guys are saying?
Mark Thompson: Well that's one of the debates we are having right now and I tend to -- at the end of the day come out pretty lined with Mark Frey on this one which is I don't see any evidence that we need to raise our inventory levels. We will continue to look at our end service levels carefully, our share levels and continue to align the inventory with high resale velocities, so we will continue to be thoughtful about it but we have seen no evidence that suggest we should be increasing our weeks of inventory in the channel.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Great congratulations.
Operator: Moving on, we will now hear from Bill Lewis, JP Morgan.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Thanks and could you -- I don't know if you have said what the book-to-bill was because you did talk about backlog, was that above one this quarter and what's your turns requirement for the coming quarter guidance?
Mark Thompson: It is above one, we don't normally talk about book-to-bill, but we did comment that bookings were greater than sales, so you could infer from that the book-to-bill was favorable. And our stole requirement is very small -- somewhere in the order of less than 10%.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay and based on that discussion around lead times, are you expecting that lead times will hold set in the coming quarter, can you try to expand just some thoughts on where it's going to come out?
Mark Thompson: Well if you look, I think that in Q1 they were banded by 10 and 12 weeks approximately, if you looked at how they moved around through the quarter. Certainly we would be happy if we could get it underneath the ten week band, given the strength of demand, I think that is unlikely but we will continue to make sure it doesn’t go above the upper control limit of 12.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay and lastly, could you comment on the pricing environment in the quarter? Thanks.
Mark Thompson: Well, so two things as demand is strong, pricing pressure tends to be less and we are certainly observing that. I would comment however that our margin goals don’t assume favorable pricing interjectory. So, that cushion is built into the view.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: And we will now hear from Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot. The analog, Bob, the gross margin is phenomena, I don’t think I have ever seen in my life I guess 1860 basis points expansion in the quarter. Can you help us just with the pieces of that? It seems like, is that all product driven, mix driven, how much was just the revenue piece and help us with that?
Bob Conrad: Well I can explain a couple of the biggest chunks, Indiana market jumped in as well, roughly a third of that was driven by mix flash pricing, and I wouldn’t really drive that pricing is being the major factor there. One of the things as we said, we are focused on mixing out lower margin business. So, that obviously generates an ASP improvement as well. And then other two-thirds was the combination obviously of factory utilization benefits, but that was the smaller piece of it. As we had talked about last year, we had spend a lot of time cleaning up a number of things in terms of end of the life processes and programs, which mostly came to fruition in fourth quarter as well as the supporting reducing distribution inventory. And a lot of that weighed heavily on fourth quarter and basically was at a normal low level in Q1, which was one of the big -- was one of the big improvements in margins quarter-on-quarter.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thanks. And I guess, as we are listening to all this commentary about the store earlier, but it seems interesting that your commentary about lead times coming in, in just the tad, which is partially it sounds like something they are trying to do. OEM is seeing more than distributors, and distributors not allowing to build inventory. It seems a little different than what we are hearing out there, is there any reason why you think your seeing something a little different in aggregate than what we've been hearing somewhat from the other companies with the caveat that is still early in earnings?
Mark Frey: Well, it always difficult to analyze competitive commentary. So I think in this case we'll leave that to the expert switch with you guys, and stick to the commentary on our business side. I mean, we've hit the key themes that we believe in which is to really focus to supply chain on getting the most important and valuable products to our customers and creating a process and a mechanism that put those first in line. And so I think we are seeing that starting to work pretty well for us. So that may be a source of some differences versus some others, but I'll not speculate for you.
Mark Thompson: I mean, the only comment that I was really on -- Mike is that, if you look at higher value companies you'll find that generally their lead times don't vary as much.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Sure.
Mark Thompson: I think that's part of the transition that you are hearing and we recognize that and hence how we are tying to manage the business.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Steve Smigie, Raymond James has our next question.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. Thank you. I was hoping if you could comment a little bit on the tax rate, you mentioned in your guidance that would be similar to Q1. So is that -- by that you mean the 15.8% throughout '06?
Mark Frey: Yes. Plus or minus let's say three points. As you know, we reserved 195 million last year for our NOLs in the US, and so as we book income in the US until we recapture those reserves, the effective tax rate is zero. And then we have income in Korea, which if you read our 10-K, we have a partial tax holiday that still has several years to go there. And so that profile will support that level of ETR going forward.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. This is a follow-up, if you could -- does that then continue into 2007 and just if I could, your [strict] comment on how much of sales will drop off relative to the LED sale going forward and how much going in sort of [foundry tax]?
Mark Frey: I'll do the first half of that question, we are not commenting on 2007, but the underlying profiles, I don’t expect to change a great deal, and obviously the calculation in terms of the US and how much income is generated between now and 2007.
Dan Janson: Steve, if you go and look at the 10-K and you figure out how big the NOL was you will realize that if we burn through that in 2006 we are going to have huge year. So I think it will last several years out there.
Mark Frey: It is going to be there for a while. The LED revenue has gone, we didn’t -- we virtually reported no LED revenue in first quarter. And then one thing to keep in mind, in Korea, we have a partial tax holiday and that will begin to phase out over the next four years. So next year's tax rate will be slightly higher than this year's tax rate in a location like that.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will now hear from Tristan Gerra, Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Good morning. Looking at your disty sales or sale in which was about in line with -- and resale that could assume a double-digit increase in sales to OEMs, is that a correct assumption and could you may be explain what was driving that? Is it new products specifically?
Mark Thompson: Certainly, I don’t have the breakout in front of me of our growth in the OEM segment. I don’t think we break that out. But certainly one of these strong areas of focus has been with our alignment with our tier one OEM. We have made a lot of progress on that recently and see that continuing to accelerate, and that is heavily concentrated on new leadership products.
Dan Janson: Yeah. I will give you a little bit more color on that Tristan. Our sales into disty were up because remember we were under shipping the channel's consumption levels last quarter. So we were up strong both in OEM and disty, but the key in the disty side was that we ultimately match which we shipped into, what shipments sold through.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Okay. And then as follow up, could you quantify the pricing trends in Q1 and your expectation for Q2?
Mark Thompson: Well, I hope I am consistent with when we answered that a few minutes ago. What we have seen is a moderation of price reductions. We saw that in Q4, we see that continue into Q1, however, our forward guidance does not assume that. We assume a fully competitive market when we make our gross margin analysis.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Okay, so I guess it is fair to assume, maybe lowest single digit very slightly down, if you can get to that level of detail?
Mark Frey: We say, Tristan, that we typically run in the down 2% to 4% per quarter, quarter-per-quarter range and we have been saying the last quarter, so that we have been on the low end of that and I think given what Mark had stated that, we are clearly in the low end of that range probably even a little bit below that range right now, going into Q2 where our backlog positions are very similar, the margin on the backlog, we are kind of still in that very favorable range of pricing. But as Mark said, we don't really count on big pricing swings to help us in the gross margin side. If its there, it's great but it's not a big part of the calculation for us.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Great, that helped a lot. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take a question from Michael McConnell, Pacific Crest Securities.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. Looking at the strength in desktop PCs, we have obviously heard some what different trends coming from some much larger companies. Can you tell about your comfort level with that trend that seems to be obviously a little bit different and then secondly looking at the tax rate for a clarification of that, that would be a pro forma tax rate, is that the assumption?
Mark Thompson: Okay well, Mark A will take the market share one and Mark B will take the tax rate piece of that. So, we commented that we believe we took share in a couple of key places, we have said that overall in computing and Bob commented on some of the VRD10 compliant regulators and such. So, we do believe that we have taken share in those spaces and so I think that's the tie-off to our analysis and yours, and we clearly grew faster than the market in those spaces.
Mark Frey: As to the tax rate, there is really only about a one point difference between our GAAP underlying tax rate and our pro forma and that's because there is very little tax expense associated with the intangible depreciation that we add back in for our pro forma purposes. But the guidance we gave you was pro forma.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, so that is helpful. And then looking at the overall company utilization rate, what was that in the quarter?
Mark Frey: It's overall in the low to mid-nineties right now.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Would it be fair to say then that the next lever then to been more mixed driven for the gross margin lines I suppose, are we kind of done with utilizations being the incremental driver of the gross margins?
Mark Thompson: Absolutely.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: So that is -- so we can just -- so mix is what we have looking forward then to drive that gross margin line?
Mark Thompson: I am sorry. Could you repeat the second part of that question?
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: What I am trying to get, we had two levers for your gross margins going forward, we had obviously higher utilization rate and we had improving product mix. So, can we take the utilization rate now out of that equation looking forward to your gross margin lines?
Mark Thompson: Well I wouldn't say you take it out, I think it’s a very small component. Certainly we don't plan to increase loadings beyond their current state. And so what we will continue to do is as we will be expanding capacity in places where we have very good margin, so that will improve that margin profile and we are targeting our product development at obviously at a high margin component and as that comes online it will squeeze out the low margin component where we are constraining capacity, and so it's a complex mix process, but those are basically the two component drivers.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay and if can speak one last one and I will be quick, just a remark, the company is obviously running right now in kind of sell-through mode operationally in terms of how you are handling your distributors now. When are we going start to see revenue recognition now move from sell-in to sell-through is that on the table now that we have (inaudible)?
Mark Frey: It's always on the table to analyze but if I am comfortable that we are managing the company on a sell-through basis I don’t see any reason why I would go to all of the confusion that would result from doing an accounting change. Number of very high quality companies that we compete with, recognize revenue on a sell-in basis and there is no problem understanding what the results are. So, well we keep looking at that carefully and is very essential to our operational management of the company but unless that profile changes I don’t necessarily see the need to make the accounting change.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you.
Operator: And we will now hear from Quinn Bolton, Needham and Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company: Hi just wanted to follow up on sort of the capacity editions, it's sound like the plan is to sort of moderately, or modestly add capacity in strategic areas and also to grab some incremental capacities just through the ramp down of older standard product. So sort of mix shift gives you some sort of capacity in your new products, and then you also have limited capacity additions. So we are not going to see your wafer starts or sort of data run rate on the [fabless inside] jump significantly in '06.
Mark Thompson: That's correct.
Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company: Okay. And then so on the incremental, usually what you guys are going from, say, the mid 70s to where you are now in capacity utilization, you get fairly high incremental gross margin on each dollar of revenue, each higher dollar of revenue. Now that you are kind of at your fairly loaded utilization rate, where do you think margin would be on an incremental basis on a go forward, is that still in the 50% range? Do you think it's lower or is it really just a function of mix shift so kind of hard to call?
Dan Janson: Well. It's interesting, if you think about it because if it's something where we are adding capacity right, just like if we were just using more subcon, obviously, we'd have a lot less incremental fall through. If it's a mix shift there is a lot of fall through because you are basically, you haven't seen cost structure but you are just getting a lot more for the product that you are making. So you've got this range there and as we've just said, we are going to be, as you characterized, very actively Quinn, we are going to be modestly adding capacity, because remember we are only going to spend 6% to 8% of our sales on capital, roughly half what we've spent the last up cycle year that we had in 2004. So we are going to have constraints about how much we can add, and then on the other side, we are going to have strong product mix enhancements going forward, which have great fall through. So that's one of the central element, I think, that is different about the story now, and I hope that people will comprehend us as we go forward in future quarters results that they did in the past. When we started to cap out on utilization, people would say, utilization leverage is over, the gross margin improvement may be much less now. The story we think going forward is with the modest increases in capacity coupled with the product mixes, we can keep extending the gross margin leverage for some time to come.
Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company: Great. Just wanted to make sure you guys had that point address. Thanks.
Operator: And we will now hear from Craig Berger, Wedbush Morgan Securities.
Jim Schneider - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Good morning. This is actually Jim Schneider for Craig. I think most of my questions have been answered, but if you could comment on overall OpEx guidance for the year that will be helpful?
Mark Frey: We expect OpEx to remain roughly flat with Q1. The current run rate of our bonus accrual is expected to stand about where it is now because it's sort of in the max range for the program that we have defined. Equity comp will increase to an area between 6 and 7 million, and that's for two reasons. One is, one of our performance programs was actually granted half way through the first quarter, and we only have one half of a quarter's worth of run rate. In future quarters we will get full quarter run rate, which will add about $600,000. The other is in the adoption of the new accounting. We have about $1.5 million that are expensed above the line in gross margins for our equity comp. We capitalized about 800,000 of that into inventory that sort of a one-time thing. And so going forward, we would be incurring about $1.5 million per period above the line. And so that sign, sort of, was a headwind but we are going to focus on finding other areas where we can continuously decrease the cost of our infrastructure activities to keep that in check.
Jim Schneider - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay.
Mark Thompson: Let me just add one more embellishment to Mark's comment, so while our goal is to maintain our OpEx flat, we are continuing to focus on shifting its mix toward R&D and away from G&A. We have picked up two first class design teams in the last quarter on the analog side, Bob continues to scrub the world for high quality teams as we find those, we are picking them up and adding them in product capability areas, we think represent growth opportunities and we are finding the budget out of G&A. So you will -- we have talked before about shifting the mix on that, our OpEx and we will continue to drive that process.
Jim Schneider - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay, thanks. And one follow-up, can you comment on the backend and suddenly some of your competitors have noted tightness there. What do you see, and is it rolling over?
Mark Frey: Certainly there are some constraints in the backend, I think probably, if I were to look at some of the commentary I have seen in other parts of the industry, it's probably less of an issue for us than it is for some others. I think, we have probably more in-house capability and some control over that, so again we are just like at the front-end at the backend we are able to compromise the low value business and shift the capacity toward the high-end business. And so we have worked that process effectively for us and so I think that’s been less of an issue for us.
Dan Janson: Jim, the other thing I would notice, if you look at what we have given you guys for guidance, we are taking our daily ship rates up about 6%. So clearly we are going to find more capacity in the backend, either some just bear utilization as well as some selective capacity ads that we have been doing. The tightness is clearly more of the chip-scale package type product that is where we have been adding capacity and that is where we will probably continue to invest.
Jim Schneider - Wedbush Morgan Securities: And thanks, and can you just quickly remind me of the amount you have out sourced on the backend?
Mark Thompson: I am not -- I don't think we have commented on that previously.
Dan Janson: We have given ranges in the past. It really varies depending on the products. Our analog products for the most part are in sourced, some of our discrete products we have got lot of outsourcing, so it is a mix. So, we can range anywhere from very little to maybe 60%, 70%.
Jim Schneider - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Janson, I'll turn it back over to you for closing remarks.
Dan Janson: Okay, well thank you all for joining us. We look forward to seeing you all on June 28th, at our analyst day in Mountain View. Thanks a lot for joining us today.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. We do appreciate your participation today, have a great afternoon.
