===== 2025 Q3  (2025-03-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Abby I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Oracle Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year '25 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to turn the conference over to Ken Bond, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Bond, you may begin.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Abby. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our investor relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and Chief Executive Officer Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these risk factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking any questions, we will begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz : Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. As you can see, this was our strongest booking quarter ever by a huge margin as we added $48 billion to our backlog. Our RPO balance is now $130 billion up from $97 billion last quarter and up from $80 billion last year. That's a growth of 63% year-over-year and this does not include any contracts with project Stargate. The RPO figure is the leading indicator of demand for our cloud services, while our live data center count and power capacity is the leading indicator of the conversion of RPO to revenue. Speaking of data centers, we marked a milestone this quarter as we crossed into triple digits with our 101st cloud region coming online. It's just a matter of time before we have more cloud regions than all of our competitors combined, reflecting the strategic advantage of our Gen 2 architecture, which offers our customers the most flexibility. From a delivery standpoint, the growth of our power capacity under contract is even higher than the growth in the number of data centers and we expect that our available power capacity will double this calendar year and triple by the end of next fiscal year. As we bring more capacity online, our revenues will clearly accelerate. What we are seeing in the market is that we are the destination of choice for both AI training and inferencing. This is due to the fact that our Gen 2 cloud is faster and therefore, cheaper than our competitors and also do to our ultra high-speed networking engineering that we started decades ago and that is now highly relevant for AI. Taken together we have numerous structural engineering advantages that distinguishes OCI from our competitors. And as Larry will discuss in more detail, Beyond that, because of the momentum OCI is enjoying, customers are looking at us for many more workloads. Now shifting to Q3 results. I'll be discussing our financials using constant currency growth rate, as this is how we manage the business. So here goes. Total cloud revenue at SaaS and IaaS was up 25% at $6.2 billion with SaaS revenue of 3.6% in the quarter, up 10% and IaaS revenue of $2.7 billion, up 51% on top of 49%, which report -- which we reported last year. Now as a reminder, the exit our advertising business last year had the effect of lowering total cloud revenue growth by 2% this quarter. Total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter was $11 billion, up 12%, driven again by OCI our strategic cloud applications and cloud database services. Infrastructure subscription revenues, which includes license support, were $6.2 billion, up 18%. Record level AI demand drove Oracle Cloud Infrastructure revenue up 51% in Q3 and that's 54% when you exclude our legacy hosting, both a much higher growth rate than any of our hyperscaler competitors. Our Instructure cloud services now have an annualized revenue of $10.6 billion. OCI consumption revenue was up 57%, Demand continues to dramatically outstrip supply. Now we do expect that the component delays that have slowed cloud capacity expansion this year, should ease in Q1 FY '26. So pretty soon. Growth in the AI segment of our infrastructure business was extraordinary GPU consumption revenue is now nearly 3.5 times the size of last year's. Cloud database services, which were up 28%, now have annualized revenue of $2.3 billion, Autonomous Database consumption revenue was up 42% on top of the 32% growth reported last year. So again, we have acceleration, as we get bigger. As on-premise databases migrate to the cloud either on OCI directly through public cloud, cloud to customer or DRCC, or through our database at cloud service with Azure, Google or AWS. We expect the cloud database revenues collectively, will be the third driver of revenue growth alongside OCI and strategic SaaS. We are currently live in 18 cloud regions with database at cloud services with our partners and have another 40 planned with Azure, Google and AWS. Now finally, database subscription revenues, which includes license support, were up 6%. Application subscription revenues, which again, include product support, were $4.8 billion and up 6% [too] (ph). Our strategic back-office SaaS applications now have annualized revenue of $8.6 billion and were up 8%. Software license revenues were down 8% to $1.1 billion. So all in, total revenues for the quarter were $14.1 billion, up 8% from last year. Now shifting to gross profit and operating income, the gross profit dollars of cloud services and license support grew 10% in Q3. We continue to focus on operating expense discipline, which collectively continue to grow slower expense discipline. So expenses continue to grow slower than revenue, a trend that I expect will continue. The Q3 operating income grew 9% and the operating margin was 44%, up slightly from last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.9%, which was higher than my 19% guidance and lowered EPS by $0.02. And EPS currency headwind ended up at $0.04 more than I thought would be hurt by currency -- as currency continued to strengthen. The non-GAAP EPS was $1.47, up 4% in USD, up 7% in constant currency. The GAAP EPS was $1.02, up 20% in USD, up 25% in constant currency. At quarter end, we had $17.8 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance was $9 billion, up 3% and operating cash flow for Q3 was $5.9 billion, slightly more than our $5.9 billion in CapEx, as we front-loaded some purchases into the quarter, given the demand that you see in our RPO growth and the additional demand we see in our pipeline. I expect fiscal year 2025 CapEx will be a little more than double what it was last year at around $16 billion. As always, we remain careful to pace and align our CapEx investments appropriately and in line with booking trends. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating cash flow was up 14% at $20.7 billion, and free cash flow was $5.8 billion. As I mentioned, remaining performance obligations or RPO is now $130 billion, up 63% in constant currency, and it reflects the growing trend of customers wanting larger and longer contracts, as they see firsthand how Oracle Cloud services are benefiting their businesses. Further, our cloud RPO grew over 90% and now represents more than 80% of total RPO and approximately 31% of that total RPO number is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. Now we are and remain committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, acquisitions, repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividend. This quarter, we repurchased nearly 1 million shares for a total of $150 million and over the last 10 years, we've reduced the shares outstanding by more than one-third at an average price of $54 a share. In addition, we have paid out dividends of $4.4 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 25% from $0.40 to $0.50 per share today. Before I dive into Q4 specific guidance, I'd like to comment on the financial acceleration we expect to see in the coming years. We now have a clear light of sight to our future revenue growth. We remain very confident and committed to total cloud infrastructure revenue for fiscal year 2025 growing faster than the 50% reported last year and it will be even faster for fiscal year 2026, likely a lot faster. Our confidence in meeting our $66 billion revenue target for FY '26 is now stronger revenue than ever and represents around a 15% growth rate. And more importantly, I now expect that our fiscal year '27 growth rate will be around 20%, which is even higher than I previously guided. Let me now turn to my guidance for Q4, which I'll review on a non-GAAP basis and assuming exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have a $0.01 to $0.02 negative effect on EPS and a 1% negative effect on revenue. However, as usual, currency impact may be different. So focus in on constant currency. Total revenues are expected to grow from 9% to 11% in constant currency and are expected to grow from 8% to 10% and in USD at today's exchange rate. Total cloud revenue is expected to grow from 24% to 28% in constant currency is expected to grow from [25 to 27 in USD] (ph). Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow from 0% to 2% and be between $1.62 and $1.66 in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between negative 1, positive 1 and be between $1.61 and $1.65 in USD. I should mention that my Q4 EPS guide is negatively impacted by $0.03 plus due to losses recognized from an investment in another company. Lastly, my EPS guidance for Q4 assumes a base rate of 19%. However, as you saw in this quarter, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates to vary and usually do. And finally, I'm sure this isn't lost on anyone, but we are reporting earnings just 10 days after the close of the quarter, and that's also because there was a weekend, using fusion we continue to file our quarterly and annual financial statements faster than any other company in the S&P 500. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Well, as Safra pointed out, some of our existing businesses, AI training and multi-cloud database are experiencing hyper growth. We are in the process of building a gigantic 64,000 GPU, liquid-cooled NVIDIA GB 200 cluster for AI training. Our multi-cloud business at Amazon, Google and Microsoft grew 200% in the last three months alone. But in addition to these rapidly growing existing businesses, new customers and new businesses are migrating to the Oracle Cloud at an unprecedented rate. In Q3, we signed a multibillion dollar contract with AMD to build a cluster of 30,000 of their latest MI355x GPUs and all four of the leading cloud security companies: CrowdStrike, Cyber Reason, Newfold Digital and Palo Alto, they all decided to move to the Oracle Cloud. But perhaps most importantly, Oracle has developed a new product called the AI data platform that enables our huge installed base of database customers to use the latest AI models from OpenAI xAI and meta to analyze all of the data they have stored in their millions of existing Oracle databases. By using Oracle version 23 AI's vector capabilities, customers can automatically put all of their existing data into the vector format that is understood by AI models. This allows those AI models to learn, understand and analyze every aspect of your company or government agency, instantly unlocking the value in your data while keeping your data private and secure. This AI inferencing will be another great large new business for Oracle. Back to you, Ken.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Abby, please poll the audience for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brad Zelnick : Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. And congrats on just remarkable booking strength. Larry, I'm hoping you can expand more on Stargate because this is just a massive scale American first venture with Oracle joined by undisputed AI leaders like OpenAI and NVIDIA and they chose you over several other choices in the market. What is Oracle's unique value add here? What can Oracle do that others can't? Thanks.
Lawrence Ellison : Well, I think it's actually very simple. The capability we have is to build these huge AI clusters with technology that actually runs faster and more economically than our competitors. So it really is a technology advantage we have over them. If you run faster and you pay by the hour, you cost less. So that technology advantage translates to an economic advantage, which allows us to win a lot of these huge deals. And it is not just the Stargate deal, which is in our future, by the way. We got to over $130 billion in RPO without any transactions from Stargate. So again, Stargate looks to be the biggest project -- AI training project out there. And we expect that will allow us to grow our RPO even higher in the coming quarters. And we do expect Stargate of our first large Stargate contract fairly soon.
Brad Zelnick : Great. Larry, if I could maybe just sneak in a very quick one for Safra. When Stargate does hit as it is a related party. Is there anything that you can share with us as to how we should expect it might flow through the financials? Thanks again.
Safra Catz : Well, it won’t flow -- through us in any unique way. They will place contracts with us, and they'll come right through. So I'll be explaining it to you once it's fully laid out, but it's not going to make your work harder. We are going to be very, very clear on as the contracts come through us. It won't be as much of a change as you think it's just going to be even larger numbers.
Brad Zelnick : Well, thank you again.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Derrick Wood with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Derrick Wood : Safra and Larry, congrats on a strong bookings quarter. I wanted to drill into the growth under current around OCI, especially in light of such a huge RPO number that didn't even include Stargate. In some quarters, we hear about particular demand for AI contracts certainly seems to be a lot of favorable developments going on there. But other times, we hear about emerging adoption in multi-cloud and database on hyperscalers and we can hear about strength in dedicated as well with sovereign clouds and alloy. I guess as you look at Q3 bookings and pipeline trends, can you give us a sense as to how demand is unfolding across those three different environments and how you feel about the growth durability and really the infrastructure capacity serviceability of each of these vectors.
Safra Catz : Well, I mean the reality is that everything is chugging on all fronts. So multi-cloud, I gave you some of the numbers. These numbers -- I was just looking year-over-year because we only started really having revenue originally a year ago. It's more than 10 times what it was just a year ago and the numbers are exploding. As I told you, we've got 18 lives, but 40 coming online. So that is going unbelievably well. OCI, public cloud going spectacularly, cloud a customer really going well and all the pieces around that and we're starting -- there are whole parts that are only now rolling out which are sovereign clouds disconnected clouds. And so we've laid out quite a lot of capacity, and it's starting to fill up. So bookings are going very, very well, and it's turning into revenue. So pretty much it's -- we're going on all cylinders for us. We are happy when customers come directly to us with their database workloads, but we are also happy when they do -- they come to us through our partners, Azure, AWS and GCP. So for us, we don't care. It is -- they get exactly the same capability at the -- and it's truly ideal.
Lawrence Ellison : Now the customers can get our database everywhere. They can install an Oracle cloud region on their premises. They can get Oracle from Azure. They can get Oracle from Google. They can get Oracle from AWS. They obviously get a good Oracle from OCI. And that Oracle database is becoming more and more capable. It does store most of the world's valuable data. It is by far the largest data base installed base in the world, with nothing remotely close. And most of those databases are still on-premise, but now they are beginning to migrate to the cloud. And one of the big drivers of them migrating to the cloud is the autonomous version of the database. And now perhaps just as importantly the AI data platform, which allows you to take all of your existing data, all of your existing data and make it available to any of the leading AI models, say, Grok, ChatGPT, LLaMa, all of them can immediately take advantage of your existing data and your existing database and turn it into insights and actions and agents directly, again, on your private data while keeping that private data private. And that has been the missing link in companies and government agencies taking fully trained on all of the public data that's available on the Internet. Now that's a huge amount of information and makes for brilliant AI -- but the AI is not -- does not have a lot of information about your company or your government agency because that data is not available on the Internet. That is not data that the AI model was trained on -- now with the Oracle Database, 23 AI. The AI model can look at your data train itself on that data and provide you with, again, inside actions on your existing data while keeping it private. You don't have to share it with anybody.
Derrick Wood: Fantastic. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Alex Zukin: Hi, thank you guys. And echoing the congratulations for truly unbelievable bookings number. I guess maybe, Larry could you opine on the current kind of state of the AI training versus inferencing opportunity. You have potentially investors worried about diminishing returns to training. Even some of your hyperscaler peers seemingly walking back on some of their CapEx commitments. What are you seeing out there with respect to training versus inference, both in the incremental bookings that you're adding into the pipeline? And maybe just how Oracle is differentiated on the inferencing side versus both hyperscalers and Neo clubs, particularly with this AI data platform product that you just announced?
Lawrence Ellison : Okay. Well, obviously, our training business is getting bigger and bigger and bigger, very rapidly, as evidenced by our RPO. But it wasn't just AI training that drove the RPO up. the AI inferencing, the potential of AI inferencing and think about all of the Oracle databases out there that, that data in those databases are going to train AI models. The AI models are only useful if they're familiar with the data -- your data, the AI models have to understand your products. your customers, your service requests, your financials. So you have to make all that data available to the AI models in those databases. This has not -- this is -- we're right at the beginning of that. And again, on top of those Oracle databases now, we ourselves because [when] (ph) the application business have built lots and lots of agents on top of the Oracle -- on the Oracle databases and made those agents a part of our applications, modernizing and automating our applications. But customers need to do the exact same thing as they build software inside of their government agency where they build software inside, again, AI agents inside of their company. And how are they -- what is -- how do they go about doing that? Well, they go about doing that is training the AI models on their data, on their data that is currently in an Oracle database. And we make that very easy. You push a button -- the new version of the Oracle Database 23 AI with vector capabilities allow you to convert your data into vector format that's understood by the AI models. Nobody else has that. Nobody else has that. So you can easily now train the AI models on your data for inferencing, obviously, and for building of agents, you can do that automatically with the Oracle Database. We are the only one with that capability. So we think inferencing in the end is a much bigger opportunity than AI training. And there are literally millions of Oracle databases all over the world that will and that data, all of those millions of databases, all of that data will be used to train AI models. And on top of that, they'll build agents and applications. We think, again, that -- I mean it's -- we don't have these 1 or 2 or 10 huge contracts for training because there aren't that many people building frontier models, but there are hundreds of thousands of our customers that will be consuming those AI models and training those same AI models on their private data and then running agents and applications on top of all of that. That's a much bigger market than AI training for us.
Alex Zukin: Super helpful. And maybe just Safra, how to think about RPO trends and trending over the course of the next few quarters in light of that?
Safra Catz : I think there are going to be lumpiness as you can see, but we actually expect some extremely significant numbers coming within the next few months also. So there's just a lot of demand folks there is a lot of demand where people want to lock in and schedule into our cloud. So we're going to see we're going to see increases in RPO. But remember, our remaining performance obligation, we also burned down some of it through the quarter as capacity goes online, but I expect that number to be extremely large. This is enormous, but I expect it actually to continue to be very large amazingly.
Alex Zukin: Thank you so much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
John DiFucci: Thank you. You said you were live on 33 cloud regions and another 40 planned with Azure --.
Safra Catz : No, 18 Multi cloud.
John DiFucci : Sorry, I got it. Yes, I got you way ahead of yourself. I'm sorry, ever. But anyway, I know you said you had another 40 planned with Azure, AWS and Google, this quarter, we saw a big uptick like in discussions between partners and large enterprise regarding Oracle database pick your hyperscaler like the discussions seem to be in like happening in mass, but not the deals yet. And one of the things a limiting factor and talk partners was that some of these global enterprises needed it to be global because the global enterprises. Those 40, I guess, does that get you there for that? And when -- like when do those 40s get deployed? Are they going to be deployed over the next year? Or is it going to be over the next, I don't know, about how long does that take?
Safra Catz: Well, of course, we are not in full control of that, but everyone's motivated to get them as quickly as possible because, as you know, the way the revenue flows through, it flows through to our partner or our host and then we -- and then they pay us. So they are very, very motivated to get it as quickly as possible because that is holding up revenue for them until they can deploy it. It's been moving very quickly. They’ve accelerated recently. And as you can imagine, there is some significant competition between those three hyperscalers to grab those workloads before their competitor takes them. So it is moving quickly. And -- but there is enormous demand again, enormous demand, but that capacity is not always within our control. So but they are very, very motivated to get it going because when those customers move, they often bring a lot of additional workload connected to the database into their cloud would often directly into OCI also. And of course, we are the fourth competitor for them at the same time. So I don't have the exact dates of someone in my organization, no doubt it does, but we do expect it in short order to be a lot more deployed very quickly, and demand is extremely high.
Lawrence Ellison : Can I help – I think I can help on this. So everyone needs a primary and a backup data center in North America. Everyone needs a primary and a backup data center in Europe, typically Western Europe. And everyone needs a primary -- not everyone and a lot of people need primary and backups in Asia. So that's six data centers. So once we get to a primary and backup in North America and Europe and in Asia for let's us say, Google, we're ready to roll. Most of the impediments are out of the way. So -- but then it's just a matter of building the people that want -- that are Japanese national companies. That's for the multinationals or the multinationals that works. And then there's obviously the Japanese domestic market in the German domestic market and so on and so forth. But I think by the time we get to 40, which is around -- close enough to say, 12 months from now, the -- as Safra said, it's not entirely in our control because AWS has to provide us with the space because we are literally embedding the OCI data centers inside of AWS inside of Google and inside of Azure. But we expect this is growing extraordinarily fast, and we think we'll be able to meet most of the needs of customers that need for primary and back up around the world, certainly in the coming months. And then it's just going to be adding capacity country by country.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much for taking the question. I'll add my congrats on the RPO and booking strength this quarter. Larry, you mentioned some of the agents you've been building out on top of your application platform earlier. I was just wondering, are you now starting to see the demand for those technologies or those functionality that agents are bringing starting to have an impact on your strategic SaaS business? And perhaps the pace of conversions from any legacy on-prem systems that still might be out there? Thanks.
Lawrence Ellison : Okay. So I would say, I mean, our biggest differentiator when we're competing in the health care field, our biggest differentiator is the quality of our AI agents that we have a lot of AI agents in health care. One, we listen when a doctor consults with a patient, we listened to that consultation and we record all the prescriptions, all the doctors' orders, all the doctors' notes, we automatically. We provide the doctor a prior meeting with the patient, a summary of the patients, their latest lab tests and vital -- when the doctor is finished a meeting with the patient has given all these orders prescriptions and come to diagnostic conclusions, we automatically update the electronic health records, taking a huge burden of the position. They don't have to type any of this stuff in. We just listened the interface to our system is voice, primarily voice which is all AI and -- but the whole system is made up of AI agents. Let me give you another one, another AI agent that we're in the process of building. It is -- the doctors have to -- the hospitals have to get permission to prescribe an expensive cancer drug or to do a heart transplant or something like that or a knee transplant. They have to get prior authorization from the payer, the insurance company in the United States or the government like the NHS in the U.K. And there's this negotiation. You send your patient's electronic health records to the insurer. Insurer looks at that, analyzes that and says, yes, this person is authorized to use Herceptin or a cancer drug or not. But that's all done manually on the phone. But our AI agents, we read the insurance policies. We read all the electronic health records. We actually make mention whether this is a reimbursable drug or this is a reimbursable surgery. We do that and we automate that entirely make it completely electronic. This saves billions of dollars in the health care field and makes a huge difference and determines whether they're going to buy our system or buy some other -- some alternative systems. So I know people are saying, what's the dollar impact when you're selling the agents? Well, the dollar impact is we sell in country, an entire health system. Based on whether our agents and our health software is better than our competitors and saves them money. So it's not just -- it's not money really attributable to AI agents in health care. It's the fact we're selling more and more health care systems because that we have a lot of AI agents embedded in them, which helps -- which produces better outcomes for patients and saves governments and payers money.
Safra Catz: And the name applies to our Fusion applications which have sense of embedded agents, whether it's in supply chain, financials, HCM, we have literally dozens of agents already embedded in our applications, unlike our competitors who are talking about it, we actually have them already built and deployed it.
Lawrence Ellison : But I can make one more statement. It's going to be since our applications are going to be primarily AI agents. Again, I say the applications themselves will migrate to be basically a bunch of the connected AI agents. It really -- you're not going to be able to separate how much of this -- how much did you make on the AI agents and how much did you make on the rest of the applications. All of our applications are becoming AI agents.
Kirk Materne: Safra, if I could just ask a really quick follow-up. Is this the tipping point for any customer that hasn't moved to the cloud to have to get there now to get this functionality, talking some partners, it feels like anybody that's been holding out is now ready to go because they can't get any of this functionality if they're still on-prem.
Safra Catz : Yes. I mean this is the motivator, the ability to have your system do so much of your work. As I was signing off with my finance and audit committee and talking with my Chief Accounting Officer, they have the entire description of the balance sheet issue, all the different balance sheet parts all done because of our products. That is such a time saver and so much incredible productivity and insight that you're disadvantaged if you do not use this. And that's why I know every quarter, I mention again, we're announcing. Of course, it's Monday. I couldn't announce Sunday or a Saturday or of course, Friday, something you do only if you have bad news. I mean, I had to announce the 10th. And imagine so much of the work that my teams do is enabled because of these advanced technologies. And it is your way to get there. Ultimately, everyone is going to come to it and it should be motivating them because it is such a massive not only productivity improvement. And as a result, lower cost, but it also gives you incredible insight into your business. It’s really amazing.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much for taking my question. And really, congratulations on how incredibly well this is being executed. We know Oracle spends less on CapEx per dollar of IaaS pass revenue. than your larger hyperscale cloud provider peers. But how should we understand why CapEx is lower? And how should we think about the trajectory of CapEx given the strength of RPO and especially the strength of OCI and OCI AI? Thank you.
Lawrence Ellison : Okay. Well, I'll take a crack at that. So we can start our data center smaller than our competitors. And then we grow based on demand. So building these data centers are expensive, and they're really expensive, if you don’t – if they're not at least half full. So we tend to start small and then add capacity as demand arises. And that allows us to have higher utilization. That's one thing. The other thing is we have a high degree of standardization and automation inside of our cloud. So the operating in the cloud also gives us better margins, now that you will not see that on CapEx. That will be on operating profit. But it's really the combination of starting smaller that affects and growing with demand that affects CapEx and then overall margins, the fact that we have a high degree of automation which lowers our labor cost dramatically. By the way, more importantly than -- more important than lowering our labor costs with no labor, there's no human error, there is no human mischief. So we're much more reliable and much more secure because we don't have a lot of human beings in our data centers.
Mark Moerdler: Makes, a lot of sense. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Safra. Thank you, Larry. Thank you, Mark. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Abby for closing.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-12-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Oracle Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's second quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from our Investor Relations website as well. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. Q2 was another excellent quarter with total revenue at the high end of my constant currency guidance, and EPS was actually $0.01 above the high end. These results are being driven by the fact that our largest revenue component, cloud services and license support, now represents 77% of total revenue and is also our fastest-growing line item, which in turn, is driving the acceleration of overall revenue growth. We expect cloud revenue to reach $25 billion this fiscal year. This is happening for several reasons. First, our cloud is faster and is less expensive than other clouds. We remain the preferred cloud for AI workloads as well as for non-GPU cloud infrastructure services. In addition, our ability to deploy our cloud in many sizes gives our customers flexibility, and our multi-cloud agreements with Microsoft, Google, and AWS provide customers more choice in how they can migrate their Oracle databases to the cloud. And our strategic SaaS applications continue to grow rapidly. And we are also seeing more of our industry-based cloud applications come online, which immediately contribute to revenue growth. You can see all of this in the momentum in the acceleration of our cloud growth and the 50% growth of our $97 billion RPO number, remaining performance obligation. And today, we're telling you again that revenue growth will accelerate further in the coming quarters. Turning to Q2, and I want to remind you that our quarter ended on Saturday a week ago, and here we are announcing our results, and that's only possible because we use Oracle Fusion. Now as for the numbers, we saw all segments exceeding our internal forecast. Now as the dollar strengthened in the quarter, the 1% currency benefit for total revenue and the $0.02 to $0.03 benefit for EPS that were present in my August guidance retreated with total revenue and EPS in Q2 essentially unaffected by currency movement. As usual, as I go over things today, I'll be discussing our financials using constant currency growth rate as this is how we manage the business. So here it goes. Total cloud revenue, that's SaaS and IaaS, was up 24% at $5.9 billion with SaaS revenue of $3.5 billion, up 10%, and IaaS revenue of $2.4 billion, up 52%, on top of the 50% growth reported last year. As a reminder, we exited the advertising business last quarter, which had the effect of lowering the total cloud revenue growth by 2% this quarter. Total cloud services and license support for the quarter was $10.8 billion, up 12%, driven again by OCI, our strategic cloud application and autonomous database. Infrastructure subscription revenues, which includes license support were $6 billion, up 17%. Record level AI demand drove Oracle Cloud Infrastructure revenue up 52%. But excluding legacy hosting infrastructure, cloud services revenue was up 55%. Our infrastructure cloud services now have an annualized revenue of $9.7 billion. OCI consumption revenue was up 58% as demand continues to outstrip supply. Growth in the AI segment of our infrastructure business was extraordinary. GPU consumption was up 336% in the quarter. And we delivered the world's largest and fastest AI supercomputer, scaling up to 65,000 NVIDIA H200 GPUs. Cloud database services, which were up 28% and now have an annualized revenue of $2.2 billion. As on-premise databases migrate to the cloud on OCI, either directly or through our database-at-cloud services with Azure, Google, and AWS, we expect the cloud database revenues collectively will be the third leg of revenue growth alongside OCI and strategic SaaS. We are currently live in 17 cloud regions with database-at-cloud services and have another 35 planned with Azure, Google, and AWS. Database subscription services, which includes database license support, were up 5%. Application subscription revenue, which includes product support, were $4.8 billion and up 7%. Our strategic back-office SaaS applications now have annualized revenue of $8.4 billion and were up 18%. Software license revenues were up 3% to $1.2 billion, including Java, which saw excellent growth. So, all in, total revenues for the quarter were $14.1 billion, up 9% from last year. Now shifting to gross profit and operating income. The gross profit dollars of cloud services and license support grew 9% in Q2. As our cloud businesses continue to scale, the gross margins of both cloud applications and cloud infrastructure have each been trending higher. We continue to display expense discipline, which, of course, we're known for, especially with R&D, sales and marketing, and G&A expenses, which collectively continue to grow slower than revenue, a trend that I expect to continue. The Q2 operating income grew 10% and the operating margin was 43%, up 60 basis points from last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was actually 20.1%, which is higher than my 19% guidance. Even as higher tax rate lowered EPS by $0.02, we still hit the high-end of my constant currency guidance. Actually we did better. The non-GAAP EPS was $1.47 in U.S. dollars, up 10% in USD and 10% in constant currency. The GAAP EPS was $1.10 in USD, and that's up 24% in USD and 23% in constant currency. At quarter end, we had $11.3 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance was $9.4 billion, up 8%. With CapEx at $4 billion for the quarter, free cash flow was negative $2.7 billion and operating cash flow was positive $1.3 billion. Given the demand that you see in our RPO numbers and the additional demand we see in our pipeline, I expect fiscal year 2025 CapEx will be double what it was in fiscal year FY '24. As always, we remain careful to pace and align our CapEx investments appropriately and in line with booking trends. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating cash flow was up 19% at $20.3 billion and free cash flow was $9.5 billion. Our remaining performance obligation or RPO, is now at $97.3 billion, up 50% in constant currency and reflects the growing trend of customers wanting larger and longer contracts as they see firsthand how Oracle Cloud Services are benefiting their businesses. Further, our cloud RPO grew nearly 80% and now represent nearly three-fourth of total of total RPO. Approximately 39% of the total RPO is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months, and we continue to see the growth of current RPO accelerate. We have now about 98 cloud regions live and many, many more to follow. That we have more cloud regions than any of the other hyperscaler reflects the strategic advantage of our Gen 2 architecture. We can start a new cloud region with a handful of racks and then scale up with customer demand. Additionally, our data centers are highly automated and identical in features and function varying only in scale. This size and flexibility and deployment optionality of our cloud regions continue to be a significant advantage for us. As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt, and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased nearly 1 million shares for a total of $150 million. In addition, we paid out dividends of $4.4 billion over the last 12 months. And the Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share. Before I dive into specific Q3 guidance, I'd like to share some overarching thoughts about the financial benefits I expect we will see over the coming quarters and years. To start, we continue to see excellent demand for our cloud services, which you see in our RPO growth. And while this growth is stellar, our pipeline is actually growing even faster, and our win rates are growing higher with the recent win at Meta being a prime example of why we expect that our RPO balance will climb again in Q3. Meta was not booked in the Q2 quarter, only in Q3. In fiscal year 2024, we signed some big deals and many have begun to generate revenue. We expect that those will continue ramp higher in the second half and be a key contributor to revenue growth acceleration this year and next. For fiscal year 2025, we remain very confident and committed to full year total revenue growth growing double-digit and full year total Cloud Infrastructure growing, faster than the 50% reported last year. Okay. Let me now turn to guidance, which I'll review on a non-GAAP basis. In terms of currency, we've seen a dramatic shift due to significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar. To put this in perspective, Q2, we expected currency to have a $0.03 positive effect on EPS. For Q3, assuming exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have a $0.03 negative effect on EPS and a 2% negative effect on revenue. However, as the dollar strengthened, it may not hold out the whole quarter and may be different. All right, total revenue, are expected to grow from 9% to 11% in constant currency and are expected to grow from 7% to 9% in USD at today's exchange rate. Total cloud revenue is expected to grow from 25% to 27% in constant currency and is expected to grow from 23% to 25% in USD. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 7% to 9% and be between $1.50 and $1.54 in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 4% to, 6% and be between $1.47 and $1.41 in USD. I should mention, that my Q3 EPS guidance is negatively impacted by $0.05 due to an investment loss in another company that we are a partial owner of. Lastly, my EPS guidance for Q3 assumes base tax rate of 19%. However, like in Q2, onetime tax events and other things can cause actual tax rates to vary. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Oracle Cloud Infrastructure trains several of the world's most important generative AI models. Our major AI customers include OpenAI, xAI, Nvidia, Cohere, and most recently, Meta with their large-scale Llama models. Oracle continues to win large AI training workloads because we're faster and less expensive than the other infrastructure clouds. And we just extended our AI performance advantage by delivering the largest and fastest AI supercomputer in the world, scaling up to 65,000 Nvidia H200 GPUs. The Oracle Cloud trains dozens of AI models and embeds hundreds of AI agents in cloud applications. Oracle's AI agents automate drug design, image and genomic analysis for cancer diagnostics, audio updates to electronic health records for patient care, satellite image analysis to predict and improve agricultural output, fraud and money laundering detection, dual-factor biometric computer log-ins, and real-time video weapons detection in schools. Furthermore, the vector capabilities of the new AI version of our database, Oracle 23ai, enables our customers to easily use their existing data in their existing databases to augment and specialize the training of industry standard generative AI models like ChatGPT, Grok and Llama. The Oracle Cloud and the Oracle 23ai vector database makes it easy for our customers to build their own AI agents and use their own data to reap the benefits of the AI revolution. Oracle is training AI models and developing AI agents that will improve the rate of scientific discovery and economic development and corporate growth throughout the world. The scale of this opportunity is unimaginable. As Safra said, this fiscal year, total Oracle Cloud revenue should top $25 billion. And this is just the beginning of the beginning. Back to you.
Safra Catz: Thank you, Larry. Rob, if you could please poll the audience for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much for taking my question and congratulations on the quarter. I'd like to gain better insight into OCI. OCI is designed differently from its larger peers, deliverable in just 10 and shortly 3 racks of servers. Can you explain how the architectural difference impacts how you build and deliver OCI racks and how it will impact how many data center regions you could have compared to your peers? And then how might this affect your CapEx growth over the next five years?
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. Well, all the data centers are the same racks. So you can think of it as completely modular. We have a basic rack and to build a region, it takes 6 racks, the smallest region we can build. So our racks started under 50 kilowatts. And our biggest data centers -- excuse me, so our basic small data centers, 50 kilowatts. And our data centers -- the largest data center we're currently building now is 1.6 gigawatts. So that's quite a range, 50 megawatts to 1.6 gigawatts. And when we build them and we put them in inventory, the racks are pretty much the same. So it's very easy for us to manufacture these. It's lower cost to manufacture these. The inventory is less because they're all kind of the same. Furthermore, every cloud region has all of our services. They have all the same services. So it's easy for customers. We don't have to provision like our competitors do. Our competitors have some of their services in some regions and some of their services in other regions. We have all of our services in all of our regions, even though we are both smaller in terms of the -- our smallest region and larger in terms of our largest region than our competitors. When all of our racks are the same and all of our services are the same, they become very easy or, I should say, easier to automate. They're all identical. We have one suite of automation tools that works in all 100 of our current regions. And it makes it possible because of the high degree of automation to run not dozens of regions but hundreds or, even theoretically, thousands of regions as individual customers are dedicating their own region. Individual customers are buying complete Oracle regions and installing them. If you -- what seems like it would be on-premise, though it is a full Oracle Cloud region, just happens to be in a dedicated data center to that customer. We are selling a lot of those as well. So it allows us to address a market that our competitors can't reach. So standardization, automation, and from the smallest to the largest data centers give us a huge advantage in competing in this marketplace.
Safra Catz: On the CapEx side, what we can do since our competitors always have to land with extremely large footprints before they can even get started, we can land with smaller footprints, have consumption and expand as customers need it. And this allows us to really match our capital expenditure with ultimately our revenue because it only -- we don't have to spend a long time with empty centers because we literally can start small and just fill them up as our customers are consuming. And I think this is really something that is expressed also in the profitability of our cloud and keeps showing up because of that.
Mark Moerdler: It's extremely helpful. I really do appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Siti Panigrahi from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Siti Panigrahi: Thanks for taking my question. It's impressive to see OCI growth 52% and even database-as-a-service up 28%. So as you execute on your multi-cloud strategy, can you provide some color on the database migration to cloud or even database-as-a-service traction? And what are you hearing from customers as they prepare to migrate on-prem database to cloud? And how should we think about the contribution to revenue going forward?
Lawrence Ellison: Well…
Safra Catz: You go ahead, Larry and then I'll finish. You go ahead.
Lawrence Ellison: All right, let me start. As I mentioned and as you caught in my talking, 28%, it's now annualized revenue, just the cloud database services of $2.2 billion. And imagine most -- that is mostly -- nearly entirely OCI without even the database at AWS and Azure and Google. That also, though, has grown from zero to 100 million-plus run rate, already past 100 million and will be hundreds of millions probably as an exit. So these cloud regions have only started opening. As I mentioned, though, we do now have 17 open and twice as many opening. So I think what you're going to see is the database, as it moves to the cloud, is really only at the beginning. In addition though, I want to remind you that Cloud@Customer and our Alloy partners are also contributing to this. And we have an enormous pipeline of customers who want to bring their databases to the cloud, but one of -- but a number of them want to do it in their own dedicated regions that are just their own for either regulatory reasons or sovereignty reasons, again an offering that only we have, that none of our competitors have.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. Again, Microsoft is the only partner where we -- where the contract is more than a year old. So Google is much more recent and AWS even more recent than Google. So we're at the very beginning of multi-cloud. And as Safra said, it's going to exit well over $100 million in its first year. The first year is starting when we got AWS when we had all three. It will be a multibillion-dollar business. It will be a combination of AWS and Google and Azure, plus all of these Cloud@Customer, dedicated region, Cloud@Customer. We're going to have hundreds of those regions. The demand for -- from individual customers, large banks, telecommunication companies, building half a dozen or so data centers. They want us to build a half a dozen data centers, sometimes more inside their own dedicated facilities. So they'll run the Oracle Cloud in dedicated regions. And again, we'll end up with hundreds of those, and it clearly is going to be a multi -- a very large, rapidly growing multibillion-dollar business for us.
Siti Panigrahi: That's great color. Thanks, Larry and Safra.
Safra Catz: Ken, I think I misspoke. Could you actually say the line correctly that I was supposed to say about guidance?
Ken Bond: Sure, absolutely. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 4% to 6% and be between $1.47 and $1.51 in U.S. dollar. Thank you.
Safra Catz: Sorry, I don't know what I said exactly, but that is correct. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thank you. And congrats on the continued acceleration at scale. Larry, as Oracle leads with larger and larger GPU clusters, there's healthy industry debate around scaling laws with Elon Musk allegedly pushing the envelope of what's possible. I'm curious to hear your perspective as to whether there's diminishing returns on the amount of compute thrown at model training and Oracle's ongoing leadership in AI infrastructure and GPU superclusters.
Lawrence Ellison: Well, there's two elements to speeding up training. One is building larger and larger GPU clusters made up of faster and faster GPUs. So it's a GPU cluster itself. The second element, something Oracle has been very, very focused on is building networks that rapidly move large volumes of data into those GPU clusters. As you make these GPU clusters larger and faster, it's putting more and more demands on the network to be able to move huge amounts of data into those GPU clusters. So, the GPU clusters aren't sitting there waiting for the data. If they're sitting there waiting for the data, it becomes very inefficient. If you're paying by the minute and you -- and half the time, 30 seconds, you don't have the data available, obviously, that's a scaling problem, and that's an economic problem and that's a performance problem. Oracle differentiates itself in its data centers by investing heavily in building networks. And by the way, switch software, all sorts of network software and network hardware to move data more quickly. We think we'll be able -- the demand is really -- as the GPU clusters get bigger and faster, the critical thing is for us to be able to move the data faster. And we are investing heavily in that and we think we're going to maintain our advantage there. And that will -- as we make our networks faster, the AI training will get faster. If we don't -- if no one makes the networking faster, then I think there's a potential bottleneck. But we're trying to avoid that bottleneck by speeding up our networking.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow from Barclays. Your line is open.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thank you. Can I shift gear a little bit and go back to the -- or go to the SaaS part of the business? If you look there, if you look at your growth rates, I mean, we're at kind of a late-stage point of the cycle where people usually don't look at back office systems. But you guys putting up like really solid growth numbers there, you're outgrowing your peers. Can you talk a little bit of what's going on there? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Actually, I don't agree with you that folks aren't looking at their back office systems. In fact, I think there's enormous amount of pressure to be more efficient for many companies. The competition is fierce in almost -- in basically all industries right now. And as companies, when they look at us, for example, that's why I always point out that it's what is at day nine, and that includes three weekends, three weekend days since our quarter closed. That just shows how efficient you can be in running your operations. And a lot of company executives actually come up to me and say, we need to do that. We need to do more and spend a lot less doing it. And we see enormous -- really enormous pipeline in customers who understand that they can first automate and simplify their own businesses to spend less, so they can invest in the things that differentiate them. But there's also enormous interest in using their data for AI and using those systems, we have, I don't know, dozens and dozens of AI agents that can really help companies spend a lot less and really do a better job serving their customers. So, we find enormous interest in this area. And no one has the capability and the data and the AI capability that Oracle can bring to a customer. So, actually, I think it's been one of the most exciting times in back office and in front office, too. We have -- even our front office systems also taking advantage of so many of our capabilities for our customers. So, this has been a great time. And in fact, our booking trends, which you don't see yet in revenues because we wait until they're implemented, our booking trends have taken a marked step-up. We were going over those just today and they've accelerated from last year quite significantly.
Raimo Lenschow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Kirk Materne: Yes, thanks very much and congrats on the results. Safra, you talked a little bit about the pipeline strength at the end of your prepared comments. Can you just talk about your line of sight in terms of capacity coming online, so that you all can recognize some of the revenue that's associated with the demand that you're seeing specifically around on the OCI side? Thanks.
Safra Catz: Yes. So, the second half of this year is, and especially -- well, the second half, we're in it, is going to see a lot of capacity come online that we've been waiting for and that we've been working on. So, we expect that you're going to see that turning into revenues. This is -- everything is accelerating even more. And in addition, though, we also expect our RPO to start moving up the actual base RPO number, which is, of course, up 50% year-over-year. But the number itself, we expect it to spike in this quarter and for the end of the year. So, we expect both capacity to come online for our customers, which it is. And so it will burn down some of our RPO, but we also simultaneously expect to sign a number of very large contracts to -- that will make our RPO number go up, too.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of John DiFucci from Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
John DiFucci: Thank you. Safra, you've shown us -- I'm going to switch gears a little bit and go down to the bottom line here versus the top line. You've shown us for years that Oracle is not going to do what I'll call empty business that you don't make good profit on. It's been a while, but you've previously said that OCI gross margins have improved consistently. You just mentioned it again in your prepared remarks. And I think the last time you actually threw out a number was a while ago, but it was in the low 30s for gross margins for OCI. And that was several quarters ago. Can you give us an update on the progress of that, especially given the massive growth you're seeing?
Safra Catz: It's really amazing, but we are continuing to benefit from a number of things in OCI, so our gross margin percentage continues to improve. And I know that many of you think that GPU business or OCI base infrastructure business is not as profitable. And yet our margins in that business just continue to improve because of the number of things that Larry mentioned. For example, the way we run our cloud, the way we set up our cloud, everything is automated, everything is run. Because we are a software company to the core, we're always optimizing our software capabilities, which gives us really enormous leverage. Our operating margins in OCI again improved. And it's just going to -- it's been really fantastic. So they improved in OCI, our SaaS margins improved, everything is improving with scale for us even in -- even as we're investing. So we just -- it just continues to improve.
John DiFucci: That's great to hear and we continue to watch closely. So thank you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, John. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us on the call today. With that, I'll turn the call back to Rob for closing.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-09-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Oracle Corporation Q1 Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ken Bond, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Sarah, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from the Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and our 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the marketplace of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I go to our Q1 numbers, I thought I'd take only a moment to review some of the things that you'll be hearing about over the next couple of days from Oracle. We are at Cloud World in Las Vegas, and Cloud World is where we come together with our customers and partners to share experiences and showcase our latest products and services. Our customers are our best folks people when they share how our technologies transform their enterprises. The innovations from our labs and research centers in combination with feedback from our customers have helped us build superior products and services. You'll hear about new cutting-edge features within OCI, database, analytics, Fusion, NetSuite and our industry applications. We will also be showing new capabilities that we've been working on for a while, including embedded AI agents infusion and those drive productivity and efficiencies for our customers when they're rolled out. And as an Oracle Fusion customer myself, I take great pride once again in my team's ability to have us announce earnings and give guidance nine days after the quarter ended. Many, many of our customers ask us how to replicate our results. And at Cloud World, we will be having a lot of Oracle playbook conversations this week. You've already seen today's announcement of our partnership with Amazon Web Services, which has now joined Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud in making OCI and Oracle available in their respective clouds. Needless to say, we think our multi-cloud strategy will expand the ubiquity and popularity of our differentiated technologies, especially the Oracle Database. Larry will share more details in just a moment. But now to Q1, which was clearly another outstanding quarter, with total revenue at the high end of my guidance and earnings per share of $0.04 above the high end of guidance. Currency was essentially in line with my guidance. And as usual, I'll be discussing our financials using constant currency growth rates as this is how we manage the business. Total cloud revenue, that’s SaaS and IaaS was up 22% at $5.6 billion, with SaaS revenue of $3.5 billion, up 10% and IaaS revenue of $2.2 billion, up 46%, on top of the 64% growth reported last year. As a reminder, we exited the advertising business last quarter, which had the effect of lowering the total cloud applications revenue by 2% this quarter. Total cloud services and license support for the quarter was $10.5 billion, up 11%, driven again by our strategic cloud applications, autonomous database and OCI. Application subscription revenues, which includes product support were $4.8 billion and up 7%. Our strategic back-office SaaS applications now have annualized revenues of $8.2 billion and were up 18%. Infrastructure subscription revenues, which includes license support, were $5.8 billion and up 14%. Infrastructure cloud services revenue was up 46% and up 49% when you are excluding our legacy hosting services. Our infrastructure cloud services now have an annualized revenue of $8.6 billion, OCI consumption revenue was up 56% and demand continued to outstrip supply. Cloud database services, which were up 23% and now have annualized revenues of $2.1 billion. Very importantly, as on-premise databases migrate to the cloud, on OCI directly or through our database at cloud services with Azure, Google and AWS. We expect those cloud database revenues collectively will be the third leg of revenue growth alongside OCI and strategic SaaS. Database subscription revenues, which includes database license support, were up 4%. Software license revenues were up 8% to $870 million, including Java, which saw excellent growth. So all in, total revenue for the quarter were $13.3 billion, up 8% from last year. Shifting to gross profit and operating income. The gross profit dollars of cloud services and license support grew 9% in Q1 as our cloud businesses continue to scale the gross margins of both cloud applications and cloud infrastructure has each been climbing higher. We continue to display operating expense discipline with Q1 operating income growing 14% and the operating margin was 43%. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 18.9% with non-GAAP EPS at US$1.39, up 17% in USD, up 18% in constant currency. The GAAP EPS was US$1.03, up 20% in USD and up 22% in constant currency. Including in my guidance at the beginning of the quarter was the expected completion of an assessment of the useful lives of our server networking equipment, including an increase of the estimated lives from five years to six years effective at the beginning of this fiscal year. This change in accounting estimate reduced Q1 operating expenses by about $197 million. At quarter end, we had nearly $11 billion of cash and marketable securities, a short-term deferred revenue balance was $11.5 billion, up 2%. Operating cash flow for Q1 was $7.4 billion, while free cash flow was $5.1 billion. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating cash flow was $19.1 billion and free cash flow was $11.3 billion. Our remaining performance obligations or RPO is now $99 billion, up 52% in constant currency. Now while we typically see a seasonal decline of RPO in Q1, we signed several large deals this past quarter, resulting in a sequential increase in RPO compared to the decline that we typically see based on our experience over the previous five years. Further, our cloud RPO grew more than 80% and now represents nearly three-fourth of total RPO. And approximately 38% of total RPO is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months, which reflects the growing trend of customers wanting the larger and longer contracts as they see firsthand how Oracle Cloud services are benefiting their businesses. We spent $2.3 billion on CapEx this quarter, given the demand that you see in our RPO growth and the additional demand we have and see in our pipeline, I expect the fiscal year 2025 CapEx will be double what it was in fiscal 2024. As always, we remain careful to pace our investments appropriately and in line with booking trends. We now have 85 cloud regions live, another 77 planed with more to follow. We have public cloud regions. We have dedicated cloud customer regions. We have national security regions. We have sovereign regions. We have Oracle alloy regions with our partners, and we have multi-cloud regions with Azure and Google Cloud and now shortly with AWS as well. This sizing flexibility and deployment optionality of our cloud regions continue to be significant advantages for us in the marketplace. As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares for a total of $150 million. In addition, we paid out dividends of $4.4 billion over the last 12 months. And the Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share. Before I dive into specific Q2 guidance, I'd like to share some overarching thoughts and the benefits that I expect they will bring over the coming years. First, the Oracle database is thriving, and the multi-cloud agreements we now have with Microsoft, Google and AWS make it easier for our customers to run their Oracle databases in the cloud. Second, we are rapidly expanding our OCI capacity to meet the demand that you see in our 52% RPO cloud growth. Third, while much attention is focused on our GPU related businesses, our non-GPU infrastructure business continues to grow much faster than our competitors. And finally, our strategic SaaS app continue to grow while we are starting to see more and more of our industry-based cloud apps come online. All these trends point to revenue growth going higher. We will discuss the implications of these positive trends at our financial analyst meeting on Thursday. For fiscal 2025, we remain very confident and committed to full year total revenue growth growing double digits and full year total cloud infrastructure revenue growing faster than last year. Let me now turn to my guidance for Q2, which I'll review on a non-GAAP basis. If currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have about a 1% positive effect on total revenue and as much as a $0.03 positive effect on EPS, hard to know for sure. However, the actual currency impact may be different. Total revenues are expected to grow from 7% to 9% in constant currency and are expected to grow between 8% and 10% in USD at today's exchange rate. Total cloud revenue is expected to grow from 23% to 25% in constant currency and 24% to 26% in USD. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 6% to 10% and be between $1.42 and $1.46 in constant currency, and non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow $0.08 to $0.12 and be between US$1.45 and $US1.49 in USD. My EPS guidance for Q2 assumes a base tax rate of 19%. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates to vary. And with that, sorry, it was so long. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Today, Oracle has 162 cloud data centers, live and under construction throughout the world. The largest of these data centers is 800 megawatts, and it will contain acres of NVIDIA GP clusters able to train the world's largest AI models. That's what's required to stay competitive in the race to build one, just one of the most powerful artificial neural networks in the world. The stakes are high and the race goes on. Soon Oracle will begin construction of data centers that are more than a gigawatt. Building giant data centers with ultra-high apartments RDMA networks and huge 32,000 node NVIDIA GPU clusters is something that Oracle has proven to be very good at. It's the reason we're doing so well in the AI training business. It's important to remember that we first developed those high-performance RDMA networks to interconnect our Exadata CPU cluster hardware that powers our Exadata database cloud service. The Oracle Database Cloud service running on Exadata and Exascale RDMA clusters, provide an order of magnitude, better performance, better scalability, better reliability and better security than other databases. And it's still the world's only autonomous, fully self-driving database. Our large and loyal customer base understand and appreciate the many technical advantages of using the Oracle database. And those customers wanted us defined a way to make the very latest and best Oracle technology available on other clouds in addition to OCI. We found a way. With today's AWS announcement, our customers will be able to use Oracle's latest Exadata and Exascale RDMA clusters with the latest versions of our database software, from within the Microsoft Azure cloud, from within the Google Cloud and from within the AWS cloud. This will enable customers to use the Oracle database anywhere and everywhere. That has always worked well for our customers and for our database business. We believe our cloud partnerships with AWS and Microsoft and Google will turbocharge the growth of our database business for years to come. Back to you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Sarah, if you could please poll the audience for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
John DiFucci: Thank you. Larry and Safra, I mean there's a lot of good stuff here, but I'd like to ask a question on margins. You keep putting up strong cloud numbers, especially the OCI numbers that look -- when you give the guidance and you look at what you have to do to hit them, they look really difficult to do to say the least. We also assume that upside to RPO and you've pointed out, Safra, the sequential increase. I think the last time there was a sequential increase was because you bought Cerner and they just added RPO because of that. I assume a big part of that's OCI too. You mentioned it's cloud, three quarters of it. So that indicates there's more to come, right? So given the mix of business continuing to lean into that lower margin OCI, and I know you have -- that's changing over time, but it's still lower margin today, how should we think of overall margins versus profit for the entire company going forward?
Safra Catz: Okay. Let me start with this and maybe then Larry can add on. So first of all, I want to remind you that, that -- remember that third leg of the stool I mentioned, which is our database and autonomous database, that is also part of OCI. And that is beginning to really expand. And our multi-cloud agreements, again, will help OCI gross margins. So that you know, gross margins even this quarter as a percentage increased, regardless of the fact that we have a lot more OCI. And so our business is really only now starting to get real scale. And we have built OCI in a way and Larry can really expand on it, where it is extremely automated. The management of it is very automated. And our whole rollout as it grows, we make more money. And as much as percentages are great, and again, our operating margin percentages continue to increase. And OCI includes not only base storage and compute and GPUs, but it also includes a lot of other capabilities, including the database, which have excellent margins, too. And of course, as you mentioned, our SaaS business, again, an excellent and at scale business, even that business benefits from our expansion in OCI. And once again, even its high margins continued to improve this past quarter. Larry, I don't know if you want to...
Lawrence Ellison: I'd like to. So let's start with SaaS. As we go to autonomous database, we get tremendous efficiencies. We're moving Fusion and NetSuite to Autonomous database as we speak. We've decided everything needs to move to autonomous for two reasons really. First reason, when you have a completely autonomous database, there is no -- the DBA, the database administrator is a robot. There is no human labor associated with managing the Oracle Autonomous Database. Now okay, that's obviously a cost savings. But more importantly, with no human labor, there's no human error. It's a huge security advantage we have over our competitors. We don't -- there's no mistakes to be made. There's no human labor. It's all automated. And the potential -- when you have everything completely automated, and it's also truly elastic. I'm not going to go into exactly what that means. But it means that you've got a job running that certainly needs 500 microprocessors, you get those 500 for the 3 minutes you need it, and then you return them to the pool. So that's very different than how other databases work, which they may call -- the cloud itself may be elastic in places, but their databases are typically not elastic. Autonomous is. So we use a lot less hardware. It's a lot faster. It's a lot more efficient. It's fully automated, no human labor, much more secure. And the margins for the autonomous database business is much higher or much higher than the traditional Oracle business. And I think those margins are -- I mean, they're stunningly high. Around the same margins as SaaS which are also stunningly hard margin because SaaS runs primarily on that autonomous database. So we use hardware very efficiently. We use labor sparingly because labor is a security risk. When people are actually doing things manually, it's a security risk, and it slows down our ability to expand. Every Oracle data center from the largest to the smallest are identical in features and functions, they only vary by scale. That means we have one suite of automation software that automates all of this. Nobody else does this. No one has that level of automation, that level of autonomy. It allows us to get much better margins in our database business, in our SaaS business and the rest of our cloud business. Our clouds are more automated, so we have very low labor costs. Our networks are much more efficient, the RDMA networks run so much faster. If you run twice as fast, our costs go down by half. And our networks are much faster than the other clouds. So we think our potential as we scale, our potential to deliver much better margins they're currently delivering are very real.
John DiFucci: So is it safe for me to assume that then the upside you keep putting up and you hopefully will continue to do, will add profit and that profit will actually increase as a percentage of the margins will also increase over time?
Lawrence Ellison: I believe so. And I believe, for example -- I mean I think you'd find different points of view from different engineers as we move Fusion to Autonomous Database. I think the cost savings -- our cost -- our cloud cost savings will be around 50%. That's what I believe. Now it might be 40%, it might be 35%, but there will be huge cost savings from where we are now, and that's across the entire base of Fusion customers. So that's just one example of how we're using faster networks, faster databases, more automation to make our products more secure. And I keep emphasizing the security is really the primary goal. But as a second order effect, we also end up spending a lot less money to run those data centers.
John DiFucci: Great. Thank you, Larry. Thank you, Safra.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much and congrats on the great performance. Larry, how do you envision the market transitioning from the AI training phase to the AI inferencing phase? There's some debate out there on whether we have an imbalance or a bubble on the front end of the curve because training is compute intensive and then perhaps it recalibrates differently somehow for the inferencing stage, which might be less intensive? Or do you see the potential for high growth kind of all the way through both of these phases?
Lawrence Ellison: Well, a lot of people think that, Mark, I send a kid to college and then I'm done. They're training ever. I got four years of training, and then I can put the kid to work and they'll be doing inferencing. And that's not true. This race goes on forever, to build a better and better neural network. And the cost of that training gets to be astronomical. When I talk about building gigawatt or multi-gigawatt data centers, I mean these AI models, these frontier models are going to -- the entry price for a real frontier model from someone who wants to compete in that area is about $100 billion. Let me repeat, around $100 billion. That's over the next four, five years for anyone who wants to play in that game. That's a lot of money. And it doesn't get easier. So there are not going to be a lot of those. I mean we -- this is not the place the list who can actually build one of these frontier models. But in addition to that, there are going to be a lot of very, very specialized models. I can tell you things that I'm personally involved in, which are using computers to look at biopsies of slides or CAT scans to discover cancer. Also, there are also blood tests for discovering cancer. Those tend to be very specialized models. Those tend not necessarily use the foundational the Groks and the ChatGPTs, the Llamas and the Geminis, they tend to be highly specialized models. Trained on image recognition on certain data, I mean, literally millions of biopsy slides, for example, and not much other training data is helpful. So that goes on, and we'll see more and more applications like that. So I wouldn't -- if your horizon is over the next five years, maybe even the next 10 years, I wouldn't worry about, hey, we've now trained all the models we need and all we need to do is inferencing. I think this is an ongoing battle for technical supremacy that will be fought by a handful of companies and maybe one nation state over the next five years at least, but probably more like 10. So this business is just growing larger and larger and larger. There's no slowdown or shift coming.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Lawrence Ellison: Let me say something that's going to sound really bizarre. Well, I probably -- you'd probably say, well, he says bizarre things all the time. So why is he announcing this one? It must be really bizarre. So we're in the middle of designing a data center that's north of the gigawatt that has -- but we found the location and the power place. We look at it, they've already got building permits for three nuclear reactors. These are the small modular nuclear reactors to power the data center. This is how crazy it's getting. This is what's going on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Your line is open.
Raimo Lenschow: Just a question more on the database side on the agreements that you just announced today or that you have in place and now added with AWS. So now that we have all the hyperscaler agreements in place, how do you think about that migration movements from database workloads that are at the moment running on-premise or on cloud customer to the public cloud? I mean how should we think about that momentum? Thank you.
Safra Catz: We think it going to accelerate -- no, you go ahead, Larry.
Lawrence Ellison: No, no, no. I think you're right. Well, there's two things. Public cloud is very interesting and it's very important. I mean Oracle became very successful in the database business a long time ago because one of our watch words was portability. We ran on IBM main frames. We ran on Microsoft PCs. We ran on Hewlett Packard machines. And if you remember them, digital equipment machines and all sorts of computers, we ran everywhere. And that was very important so our customers could run the Oracle database in any environment. And it's obviously -- and we had to find a way to actually make the best versions of our database, the Exadata, Exascale versions of our database available in other people's clouds. And what we're able to do is basically get OCI small enough that we could embed an OCI data center within Microsoft Azure or an OCI data center within Google or AWS or wherever we had to put it where it could be fully autonomous, where we could use Exadata and Exascale clusters. We actually were able to do that. It was not technically easy, but we did it. In doing that and miniaturizing our Oracle data centers, I mentioned earlier that all of our data centers are the same except in scale. The biggest one is 800 gigawatts right now, bordering -- getting close to 800 megawatts, excuse me, we're getting close to 1 gigawatt. The smallest are about 150 kilowatts, and we're going to get down to 50 kilowatts. What that means is, we'll have a lot of companies, medium large-sized companies that will decide to have an Oracle private cloud. I mean it's still -- there's no difference between our private cloud and the public cloud. They are identical. They're absolutely identical. And a bunch of people have Oracle -- have a private cloud, a bunch of industrial companies, Vodafone has six Oracle private clouds, for example, to run their workloads. But they're becoming so inexpensive that anyone can decide, okay, I want to move to the cloud. I want all the advantages of the cloud, but I want to make sure that I'm the only one in the cloud. I don't want any neighbors or I want only approved neighbors. I don't want someone with a credit card moving in. I'm just paranoid about security where I've got government regulations I have to adhere to. So we think that obviously, moving with Oracle database available in AWS, Microsoft and Google is incredibly important. And Safra said it right, I mean it will absolutely accelerate database growth in the public cloud. But we expect that private clouds will greatly outnumber public clouds as companies decide they want the Oracle Cloud behind their firewall in their data center with no neighbors. And we -- because we've gotten our data center -- our data centers are so automated and they're scalable, and they're all identical in terms of function, we're organized. So we can -- actually, we have 162 data centers now. I expect we will have 1,000 or 2,000 or more data centers -- Oracle data centers around the world, and a lot of them will be dedicated to individual banks or telecommunications companies or technology companies or what have you or nation states, sovereign clouds, all of this other stuff. So we think -- it's hard for me to predict whether the private clouds or the public cloud which is going to be bigger? I don't know. The good news is we win either way.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay. Interesting. Very interesting.
Lawrence Ellison: Next question, Shara.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you so much and congratulations on the quarter. Very impressive both the quarter and the guide. We've seen a lot of focus on the model training side, but less on applications and inferencing in the rest. You guys have a lot of expertise in the market and in the industry. You already have traditional AI sprinkled throughout all the Oracle products and capabilities. But where do you see the monetizable value of GenAI on the app side? How long do you think it's going to take for GenAI to be a meaningful revenue, not just for Oracle, but software in general, on the app side, not on the training side? Thank you.
Lawrence Ellison: Well, let me -- I'm sorry, I'm monopolizing these answers. I apologize. But let me start with health care everything from us helping doctors diagnose different diseases. When someone goes in to get a sonogram, and I've seen the nurses and the technicians and the doctors actually measure the baby skull and measure the baby's spinal cord to see how -- it's utterly ridiculous. The computer should do all of that. And if there's an umbilical wrapped around the fetus the computers should discover all of that, and now it should all be recorded. The doctor could get assistance from a computer doing all of this stuff. Looking at the plaque and coronary arteries, all should be done that way. Already, we've delivered when a doctor visits a -- gets ready to visit a patient, we prepare a summary for the doctor. We use AI to look at the electronic health records, the latest labs that might've been just a few hours ago. And let the doctor know whether there's stability or disease progression or whatever the doctor needs to know prior to the consultation with the patient. That summary is created by AI, human readable summary. Then AI listens to the consultations between the doctor and the patient. This is already delivered. This is already out there. They'll deliver -- they'll listen to the consultation of doctors with the patient. If the doctor orders a prescription, the AI checks to make sure the prescription is accurate and enters the prescription. The AI updates the electronic health records. The AI transcribes and distributes the doctors' orders, all from listening to the conversation. The doctor then gets a draft at the end of the conversation that the doctor can quickly review and approve. And then the prescriptions are filled and the orders are executed and the electronic health records are updated. We're already doing all of that. But I can go on. In health care, we need so many things from reading of X-rays to just the user interface. Our user interface is so different than Epic's. I was at Stanford with my son at one time and it took three people, three different positions to actually be able to find his X-rays. This is how you find the X-rays for Larry Ellison. You say, Oracle, please show me Larry Ellison's latest X-ray. It's a voice interface. You just ask for them. How do you log on? Well, you look at the computer and it recognizes your face. It recognizes your voice, that knows you're the doctor and you're authorized to look at that, all the authorization is done with AI. When are we going to start monetizing it? Well, all of Cerner is the monetization. The fact that we can dramatically expand our health business is because it's based on AI. It is -- AI is just -- I don't know how to describe it. I mean the best way to describe it. It's not something you sell separately. It's the diagnostic system. It's the electronic health record system. It is -- the pharmacy system, this prescription system, the user authentication, the log-in system, it's all AI. And I know people think it's a separate thing that, "Oh my God." And I hear a bunch of applications come say, "Oh, we've now got AI agents we'll charge for separately. I mean -- it's -- our applications are going to be primarily AI applications, everything. How do you charge separately for everything I really don't -- I find it bewildering when I listen to them talk. I don't understand what they're saying. We wonder -- and I'll stop there.
Mark Moerdler: Larry, I think you are the first person to explain it that way. Thank you. It makes a lot of sense.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Derrick Wood with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Derrick Wood: Great. Thanks. And I will echo my Congratulations. Safra, Larry, you guys have had this big inflection in RPO growth over the last few quarters. Could you update us on how you're feeling about supply availability and your ability to stand up data center infrastructure in a time-efficient manner in order to move from contract signing to consumption and convert backlog into revenue? And I guess, are you doing anything different today than, say, a year ago to try and help accelerate these time lines?
Safra Catz: Okay. I'm going to start and Larry can finish. So we have enormous demand that is absolutely true. And I will say that demand is still outstripping supply. But I can live with that because we are laying out a lot of supply. As you can see, in the revenues and you're going to -- and you can see that in the guidance and my commitment for this next year, and we'll be talking about beyond on Thursday, Financial Analyst Day. We have made a number of changes, including what Larry mentioned earlier, which is the automation of the setting up and laying down our data centers. However, there are -- because demand is so large, we do have to get in different places. As I told you I don't know, a couple of quarters to grow. We made the decision instead of picking up small pieces to actually wait in some cases, to pick up larger locations. And that is really playing out very, very well for us. But we are really moving and growing in so many places because it's not only public cloud rollouts, but it is also private clouds, which are in immense demand, national security regions, immense demand. And really, we are moving as fast as we can, and automation is the thing that has helped us lay this out. And the fact that it is -- we have an everything everywhere means, nothing is unique. Everything is the same, and that cannot be set by our competitors, and that helps us in our rollout.
Lawrence Ellison: I just want to emphasize what Safra just said. Our private clouds are identical to our public clouds, except for the fact they might only have one tenant, and it might be in a building that you own. Besides that, they're identical. We own the hardware. We manage the hardware for you. It just happens to be in a building you own, and you're the only one that can get in. So that's a very different situation than all of our competitors, and it's fully automated. So we're prepared to manage thousands of data centers. By the way, I would compare that to Elon Musk, Starlink, where he's got, I think, close to 7,000 satellites in the sky now, 6,800. How do you manage -- these satellites constantly maneuver. They don't -- they're not geosynchronous satellites. Their low earth orbiting satellites. So they're constantly flying around and changing location. How do you manage 7,000 spacecraft flying around? Well, let me tell you, computers, it's got to be fully automated or it's not going to work. You can't have thousands even hundreds, I would say, data centers you can't have, but you certainly can have thousands of data centers unless they're fully automated. And the only way you could automate something is to make them all the same. You can't automate 25 different things. So that's one thing. The other thing I'll point out, and I think it's interesting about Oracle, that some of the most senior people in our management team are experts in building buildings, building electric power plants and electric transmission systems. Because building these data centers is just that. You can't just build a data center. You also have to account for the energy and the transmission of the energy from where it's generated to the data center. And of course, the most efficient way to do this is actually build the generation -- the power generation plant right next to the data center. So you transmit over the short -- over the shortest distance. And we actually have very senior people who are very -- actually come from the utilities industry, as strange as that sounds, that are expert in doing this and helping us build these gigantic projects. Again, I'll harken to Elon Musk. One of the hardest jobs he had in building Tesla was when he built the Austin plant, he had to build the largest building ever been built by human kind anywhere at any time. And you want to know the largest building ever built? It certainly is not the Pentagon. It's not the NASA building for the space shuttle. Largest building is the Tesla plant. And so you have to be the contractor of that plant. You have to be able to build those things and then fill it with robots that then build your cars. So you got to build the building, get the power, build all the automation systems, which is the hardest part about building the cloud or building automation system, build all the automation systems, so it works efficiently and reliably and cost effectively. That is -- and we have some really interesting people here with a very different experience base than we had even five years ago.
Q – Derrick Wood: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks so much for fitting me in. And I'll just start by saying I can't remember a Q1 ever being this exciting. Larry, we've talked about a lot of the reasons why you win in cloud infrastructure, especially by addressing areas of the market where your competitors can't even reach. But in light of many high-profile cyber incidents lately, can you talk about how being more secure, not just in being so highly automated as you've already discussed, but how is being more secure helping to win some of these very large OCI deals especially in the U.S. and other governments around the world? Thank you.
Lawrence Ellison: Well, I couldn't thank you more for the question because I have two things I'm talking about a Cloud World on Tuesday. One is multi-cloud and the other is security. And let me announce right here, we're done with passwords. The idea is utterly ridiculous. They're easily hacked. The more difficult they are to remember, the more likely you are to write them down, the more likely they are to be stolen. Everything done to make passwords better has made them worse. It's a terrible idea. So we're getting rid of passwords entirely. This is the way log on is going to work. I'm going to type in larry.ellisonoracle.com, the computer is going to look at me and say, okay, hi, Larry, we're done. Why would I type in? Safra can recognize me. My kids can recognize me. You're telling me a computer can't recognize me and log me in. This is ridiculous. So we're not -- no more passwords. Those have got to go. There are other things we can do to secure network communications and we have this new technology actually goes live in our cloud this week called Zipper, it's called Zero Trust Packet Routing, that I'll be talking about. And it guarantees the -- while biometric authentication will guarantee that you are who you say you are when you log in. So we'll know, so users -- fraudulent users will find it very difficult to infiltrate our systems with biometric authentication. And by the way, there are keys on the keyboard that will look at your fingerprint. It depends on how -- if you want face recognition plus fingerprints, all voluntary. You don't have to do it if you don't want to. But I certainly -- a whole bunch of people prefer biometric authentication. That's why Google Pay is popular and Apple Pay is popular. So it's from my convenience. I don't want to remember passwords. Look at me and recognize me and log me in. Don't ask me to type in some stupid 17 letter password that someone can steal. There is that. The Zero Trust packet routing actually authenticates you from the user all the way to the data. And we've greatly simplified network security by separating it from network configuration. That's another thing I'm going to talk about. But by the way, let me go back to automation. Automation is more of a security issue than it is an efficiency issue. Automated cars, self-driving cars will kill a lot fewer people every year than human drivers. They don't get drunk. They don't go 135 miles an hour. Automation is a safety issue and a security issue. All -- almost all cyberattacks begin the same way with human error. If there is no Oracle database administrator as there isn't with the autonomous database, the data -- the DBA cannot make a configuration mistake that exposes your data. You can't have a human being involved if you want to make your data secure. Autonomy is a huge portion of it. And the fourth piece of security that I'll talk about is code generation. When you generate a computer program rather than hand write it in Java, hey, we're the owners of Java or I don't know. Maybe this supreme court said, we're not the owners of Java. I'm not sure. I'm not sure what it even means. I'm not a lawyer. But if the computer generates the program rather than a human being writing it, the computer will not generate security vulnerabilities. They will not generate something called state which means your application can't fail over automatically in case your data center loses power or burns down or something like that. Code generation is a huge portion of next-generation security. Zero Trust packet routing is another important one, biometric authentication and automation are the four key attributes to winning the cyber war. It's going to be our defensive robots against their robots, and we have to have better technology on the defensive side than they currently have on the offensive side because they are winning. I mean every year, there are more -- there's more successful cyberattacks. And you know what the FBI says when you're attacked? Pay the ransom, there's something we can do about it. Well, that's not very encouraging. I have an idea. Let's keep the ransom money, but implement next-generation technology that makes it much harder for cyber criminals. And by the way -- and it's not so bad with cyber criminals now compared to what state actors have the ability to do. So we have to harden our computer systems. We have to make them more secure. The good news is there is a whole new generation of AI-based security systems like biometric authentication, like zero-trust packet routing that we can use to stop these attacks, but we have to actually deploy the technology.
Brad Zelnick: Amazing, Larry. Look forward to learning more this week in Vegas.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Brad. Thank you, Larry. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Sarah for closing.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-06-11 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you. Good day, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded, and now I would like to turn the conference over to Ken Bond. Please go ahead.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Krista. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from the Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison, and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q, and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements, in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz : Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. Clearly, we had an absolutely incredible quarter. As you know, Oracle's Q4 is known for customers purchasing large software license contracts to power their businesses. But because of the pivot to the cloud, this Q4 was powered by the enormous demand for our cloud services. And they showed up in RPO or Remaining Performance Obligations. In Q4, Oracle signed the largest sales contract in our history, led by huge demand for training large language models, as well as record levels of sales for OCI, autonomous, fusion, and net suite. RPO was $98 billion, up $18 billion from Q3, and up 44% year-over-year from $68 billion last year. And we are trading one-time non-recurring license revenue in return for much bigger strategic customer commitments for multi-year cloud revenue, from which we expect to further accelerate our revenue growth rates. This is exactly what we've been targeting, and it bolsters my confidence that our overall revenue, earnings, and cash flow performance, as well as our growth rates, will only get stronger and accelerate. In short, this Q4 marks the full emergence of our high growth cloud businesses. Now, I started talking about this tipping [0.4] (ph) years ago, and you've seen it continue to play out in our results since then. As a reminder, we accelerated our US dollar revenue growth rate from negative one in fiscal year [2020] (ph) to plus eight this past year if you exclude Cerner. In addition, EPS has grown at a 10% compounded annual growth rate over that same period. And both operating cash flow and free cash flow, which of course we report on a trailing 12 month basis, were each declining 10% four years ago. This year, they grew 9% and 39% respectively. Now customer conversations are now absolutely fully focused on our cloud services as the results clearly show. So let me give you just a couple of examples -- a few examples. First, as you saw, OpenAI selected Oracle to run deep learning and AI workloads on Oracle Cloud infrastructure. Like many others, OpenAI chose OCI because it is the world's fastest and most cost effective AI infrastructure. In total, we signed over 30 AI contracts for over $12 billion this quarter, and nearly $17 billion this year. Second, we continue to expand our work helping companies use our cloud applications portfolio to reinvent their businesses. As an example, a very large enterprise tech company signed a contract in Q4 for over $600 million where we will be helping them transform their operations with Fusion to enable them to become more agile, faster growing, and more profitable. May I say in the process, we will replace out many of our competitors product. These cross-pillar cloud deals or suite deals, focus on business process reengineering that incorporate multiple cloud applications that no one else can offer. And I want to point out, by the way that today is day 11 of our new fiscal year and we are once again, announcing our results not only for the quarter but the year and giving guidance, making us faster than any other public company by a launch. We are able to do this because of Fusion applications and that is why companies are choosing Fusion and our wonderful teams are showing them the way. And third, I'm pleased to announce that we've signed another multi-cloud partnership this time with Google. OCI and Google Cloud Network interconnect is available immediately in 10 regions, and we will be live with Oracle database at Google Cloud in September, where customers can get direct access to Oracle Database Services running on OCI, deployed in Google Cloud data centers. So what's driving this? Well, it is all about our comprehensive, highly differentiated and secure cloud offering. Customers have progressed from their initial curiosity about Oracle Cloud into full-blown rollout. We have the most secure, complete and cost-effective set of enterprise applications and infrastructure cloud technologies of any vendor. Not only are our cloud technologies vertically integrated to work together, but we offer flexible deployment models like public cloud, multi-cloud, sovereign clubs, dedicated cloud or any other way our customers ask us to deliver. And we also offer Oracle Alloy, where Oracle partners become cloud providers offering customized cloud services alongside the Oracle Cloud. Now I'm now going to dive into the details of Q4 and finish my prepared remarks with how this strength and momentum will impact fiscal year 2025 and beyond. Okay. So let's start. In Q4, the dollar strengthened from the time of my Q4 guidance, so we saw a 1% currency headwind to total revenue and a $0.01 currency headwind to EPS. As usual, I'll be discussing our financials using constant currency growth rate because this is how we manage the business. Total cloud revenue that is SaaS plus IaaS, excluding Cerner, was $4.7 billion up 23%, including Cerner, total cloud revenue was up 20% at $5.3 billion. And SaaS revenue of $3.3 billion, up 10% and IaaS revenue of $2 billion, up 42% on top of last year's 77% growth. Total cloud services and license support for the quarter was $10.2 billion, up 10%, driven again by our strategic Cloud Applications, Autonomous Database and OCI. Application subscription revenues which includes product support were $4.6 billion and up 6%. Our strategic back-office SaaS applications now have annualized revenue of $7.7 billion and were up 16%. Infrastructure subscription revenues, which includes license support were $5.6 billion up 13%. Infrastructure cloud services revenue was up 42%. Excluding legacy hosting, OCI Gen2 infrastructure cloud services grew 44%, with an annualized revenue of $7.4 billion. OCI consumption revenue was up 53% were it not for continuing supply constraints, consumption growth would have been even higher. Database subscriptions, which includes database license support, were up 6% and highlighted by cloud database services, which were up 26% and now have an annualized revenue of $2 billion. Very importantly, as on-premise databases migrate to the cloud, either to OCI directly or using database at Azure or database at Google Cloud. We expect these cloud database services will be that third leg of revenue growth alongside OCI and strategic [SaaS] (ph). Consistent with our strategic direction and reflecting customer preference for cloud services, software license revenues were down 14% and to $1.8 billion. So all in, total revenues for the quarter were $14.3 billion. That's up 4% if you include Cerner, up 5% excluding Cerner. Shifting to margins. The gross margin for cloud services and license support was 77%. This is a result of the mix between support and cloud, in which cloud is growing much faster than support. The gross margin percentages for software support and SaaS are consistent with last year, while IaaS gross margins improved substantially. Gross margins will go higher as more of our cloud regions fill up. We monitor our expenses carefully to ensure gross margin percentages expand as we scale. To that point, though the gross profit dollars of cloud services and license support grew 8% in Q4. Non-GAAP operating income was $6.7 billion, up 9% from last year. The operating margin was 47%, up from 44% last year, as we continue to drive more efficiencies in our business. Looking forward, as we continue to benefit from economies of scale in the cloud, we will not only continue to grow operating income, but we will also expand the operating margin percentages. The non-GAAP tax rate came out over 1% higher than my guidance at 20.1% and non-GAAP EPS was $1.63 and GAAP EPS was $1.11 in USD. As a reminder, the non-GAAP tax rate last year was 9.2%, and this had an adverse effect on this quarter's EPS growth. Non-GAAP pretax income grew 14% in constant currency. So you can figure out that had we had the same tax rate last year as this year, net income would have grown 14% and EPS would have been up 12% in CD, 11% in USD. For the full fiscal year, total company revenue was $53 billion up 6%. Total cloud services and license support revenue, which is entirely subscription-based and accounts for nearly [3/4] (ph) of total revenue was $39.4 billion, up 11%. Total application subscription revenues grew 9% and infrastructure subscription revenue grew 13%. Total cloud services, excluding Cerner, were up 26% to [$17.2 billion] (ph). SaaS revenue, excluding Cerner was up 13% to $10.4 billion for the year. IaaS and cloud infrastructure revenue was up 50% to $6.8 billion for the year, with consumption revenue up 66% from last year. Non-GAAP EPS for the full year was $5.56 in USD, up 9% in USD and the full year operating margin percentage was 44%, up from 42% last year. At quarter end, we had nearly $10.7 billion in cash and marketable securities, the short-term deferred revenue balance was $9.3 billion, up 4%. Over the last four quarters, operating cash flow was $18.7 billion, up 9% and free cash flow was $11.8 billion, up 39%. Capital expenditures were $6.9 billion. As I mentioned our remaining performance obligations, or RPO is now $98 billion, up 44% in constant currency and the portion excluding Cerner, if you're curious was up 60%. We signed several large deals in this quarter, and we have many more -- many, many more in the pipeline. Approximately 39% of total RPO is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. And this reflects the growing trend of customers wanting larger contracts as they see firsthand how Oracle Cloud services are benefiting their businesses. Now while we spent $3.5 billion on CapEx this quarter, the $2.8 billion shown in the cash flow statement is lower simply, as a result of timing of payments. We are working as quickly as we can to get cloud capacity built out given the enormity of our backlog and pipeline. At this moment, we have 76 customer-facing cloud regions live with 47 public cloud regions around the world and another 19 being built. We have 11 database at Azure sites live and more locations with Microsoft coming online soon. We will have 12 Oracle database at Google Cloud sites live this year. We also have 13 dedicated regions live and 15 more planned. We have several national security regions and EU sovereign regions live with increasing demand for more of each. And finally, we already have two alloy cloud regions live with 11 more plant. Of course, we also have many, many, many cloud customer installations as I mentioned earlier, the sizing and flexibility and -- the size and flexibility and deployment optionality of our cloud regions continues to be incredibly advantageous for us in the marketplace. This quarter, we purchased 1.25 million shares for a total of $150 million. In addition, we paid out dividends of $4.4 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors today declared a dividend of $0.40 per share. Before I discuss my guidance for Q1 and fiscal 2025, I do just want you to have a couple of notes. The first is that in Q4, we decided to exit the advertising business, which had declined to about $300 million in revenue in fiscal year 2024. Also, I will no longer breaking out the Cerner business in my results. And even though it will begin to grow modestly throughout the year in both revenue and operating margin, it's not necessary to break it out anymore and because it is now operating in a growth mode. Now to guidance. Throughout fiscal year 2025, I expect continued strong cloud demand to push Oracle sales and RPO even higher and result in double-digit revenue growth this fiscal year. I also expect that each successive quarter should grow faster than the previous quarter as OCI capacity increases to meet demand. We believe our momentum, our current momentum will continue as our pipeline is growing even faster than bookings and our win rates are going higher as well. I expect fiscal year 2025 cloud infrastructure services to grow faster than the 50% we reported this year. CapEx In fiscal year 2025 will probably be double what it is in fiscal year 2024 -- what it was in fiscal year 2024. Okay. Beyond this fiscal year, I remain firmly committed to our fiscal year 2026 financial goals for revenue, operating margins and EPS growth. However, given our strong bookings results, I believe some of these goals might prove to be too conservative given our momentum. We are going to provide you a more fulsome update on all of this at the Financial Analyst Meeting at Oracle Cloud World in Las Vegas in September. Okay. Let me now turn to my guidance for Q1, which I'll review on a non-GAAP basis. Now if currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have a negative 1% effect on my revenue and either $0.01 or $0.02 negative on EPS in Q1. However, as you all know, actual currency impact may be more or less, I just can't get that now. Total revenue for Q1 are expected to grow from 6% to 8% in constant currency and using the currency situation as it is now, they're expected to grow from 5% to 7% in USD. Total cloud revenue is expected to grow from 21% to 23% in constant currency and 20% to 22% in USD. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 11% to 15% and be between $1.33 and $1.37 in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 10% to 14% and be between $1.31 and $1.35, but this time in USD. My EPS guidance for Q1 assumes a base tax rate of 20%. And as always, one-time tax events could cause the actual tax rates to vary from my guidance. Okay. I know that was long. But with that, let me turn it to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. I'm going to start by repeating something Safra said. In Q4, Oracle's company-wide RPO increased 44% to $98 billion. In AI alone, we signed contracts with 30 different customers for $12.5 billion in new AI business. These astonishing RPO numbers 44% and $98 billion were driven by massive increases in sales of Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, OCI. So who are the companies choosing to use Oracle Cloud Services and Oracle data centers. Well, here are a few names: NVIDIA, Microsoft, Google, X AI, Open AI, coherent dozens more. In other words, the world's largest cloud companies and the world's most successful and accomplished AI companies choose to use Oracle cloud services and data centers. So can -- so why are they working with Oracle, because Oracle's Gen 2 cloud infrastructure is different. OCI's area network moves data much faster. And when you charge by the minute, faster also means less expensive. OCI trains large language models several times faster and at a fraction of the cost of other clouds. OCI’s Critical cloud software, the operating system and the database are fully Autonomous. At OCI, human beings do not run the operating system or the database, Autonomous software robots do. No one else has this level of autonomy in the cloud. Eliminating human labor eliminate human error. Almost all cloud security breaches begin with human error, eliminating the possibility of human error is the only way to make certain your cloud data is not stolen. That's it. The most important technology companies in the world are using OCI because it's faster, less expensive and more secure. Easy to say, not easy to do. Back to you, Ken.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Chris, if you could please poll the audience for questions, we'll begin the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect, thank you. Congrats from me. These are very impressive numbers. Safra, can you try to help us bridge the strong RPO number and how we need to think about feeding that into revenue? Is that just the capacity function? Or is there anything on the customer side that you need to deliver on the technology side you need to deliver. Just help us to bridge the gap on those. Thank you.
Safra Catz: It's all about capacity. It is -- as we bring the capacity online wherever it's going online around the world is when those workloads are coming over. A lot of the engineering work is done in advance so that those customers know how they can operate. They bring smaller workloads, but the bigger workloads, they are just waiting for us to go online and make it available to them. It is really that level. We are scheduling them on our availability. And as I mentioned, our pipeline to take more deals is all about us just getting the capacity up and live and moving forward.
Raimo Lenschow: So it's just a mechanical problem in a way.
Safra Catz: Yes. Well, it's not a problem. It's just the schedule. As things come online, as the data centers go live or as we deliver the computers, they are just getting -- it's just very straightforward. There's no magic here. These customers have done a lot of the analysis in the engineering in advance and have tested us or competed us against our competitors and have chosen us very -- already understanding how we work, and they're just waiting for us to give them more capacity.
Raimo Lenschow: Great. Very impressive. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thank you very much and congrats from me as well. Larry, it's great to see the amazing momentum in OCI, especially given it's a competitive market and the leading names in AI are coming to you, wanting to partner with Oracle. Can you talk about the innovation road map for OCI and your AI services in particular? And why we should expect Oracle to keep on winning not just today, but over the next several years to come in this market?
Larry Ellison: Okay. Well, I think in OCI, we've talked for a while about our ability to build very small data centers, one you could put in a shipper, a submarine or a full cloud, a full Oracle cloud, we will soon have in six standard half racks to go into a conventional data center. So virtually any one of our customers could choose to have the full Oracle Cloud in their data center with every service, every service in the cloud. And they could scale that up quite extraordinarily large. So we talk about the fact that we can start very small and that's a huge difference between us and our competitors. So we can actually put it again customer by customer, small countries, we can do. What we haven't talked so much about is we're also building the largest data centers in the world. We talked about -- I think we talked briefly about one last call, where we can park -- it's a 70-megawatt data center where we can park eight 747s nose to tail in the data center, the huge AI training data center. While we're also building a 200-megawatt data center. In fact, this past quarter, we sold about half of that data center for the -- for a period of time. So we're now bringing 200 megawatt data centers online. So we are literally building the smallest, most portable, most affordable cloud data centers, all the way up to 200 megawatt data centers ideal for training very large language models and keeping them up to-date. This AI race is going to go on for a long time. It's not a matter of getting ahead, just simply getting ahead in AI, but you also have to keep your model current. And that's going to take larger and larger data centers. And some of the data centers we have that we're planning are actually even bigger. There -- some are getting very close to our there, say a 1 gigawatt, which is a pretty good-sized city or one enormous AI cloud training data center. No one else can span this range. And in every case, we have unbelievably fast networks that are part of this, the data centers we are building include the power plants and the transmission of the power directly into the data center and liquid cooling. And because these modern data centers are moving from air cooled to liquid cooled, and you have to engineer them from scratch. And that's what we've been doing for some time. And that's what we'll continue to do. And currently, we are leading the pack and being able to deliver that quality and that scale of data center.
Brad Zelnick: Amazing, thank you so much Larry.
Operator: Next question comes from Siti Panigrahi with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Siti Panigrahi: Thank you. Larry and Safra, it's impressive to see how fast you ramped OCI as you're now available in 11 data centers. And then now with this Google partners, we'll have Oracle database at Google Cloud. So I have two questions: one is, as you embark on offering this multi-cloud flexibility to customer, when can we see a similar partnership with AWS? And second is, how should we think about these partners is helping your customers migrate their on-prem Oracle workloads to cloud?
Safra Catz: I don't know, Larry you wanted – started with that.
Larry Ellison: I guess I can start. Well, we believe in giving customers choice. And customers want choice. Customers are using multiple clouds, not only infrastructure cloud, but they might have sales force applications or Workday applications – or they use multiple cloud in their business right now. So it's very important, we think that these -- that all the clouds become interconnected. So we're thrilled to have the connection with Microsoft and be building OCI data centers inside of it -- right inside of Azure. So the computers are next to each other to minimize network costs and network latency, which is all good things. We're doing the same thing with Google. We would love to do the same thing with AWS. We think we should be interconnected to everybody. And that's what we're attempting to do in our multi-cloud strategy. I think, that's what customers want. So I'm optimistic that's the way the world will settle out. We'll get rid of these fees for moving data from cloud-to-cloud and all the clouds will be interconnected, and customers can pick their favorite service from their favorite cloud and mix and match whatever they want to use and do it easily and seamlessly.
Siti Panigrahi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Alex Zukin: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to dive a bit deeper on just precisely how many deployment models you guys are offering for OCI because it feels as though that is getting particularly differentiated as we start to think of sovereign cloud, GovCloud, more private cloud, given the conservative posture for AI and data privacy. So how do we think about how much of an advantage that is providing in sales cycles? And maybe in that massive $30-plus billion in the second half RPO, but also just comment on the magnitude of that opportunity going forward.
Larry Ellison: I'm going to take a swing at this one. We can -- every medium-sized on-premise customer that Oracle has could have a private -- full Oracle cloud where they have no neighbors. They are the only user of that Oracle Cloud, and we can install that in their existing data centers. Nobody else can do that. You have to move to the public cloud. Now we have public cloud, we have a lot of public cloud regions. We love the public cloud. But if you're very conservative and you want to absolutely maximize security and that's important to you. We can put in a cloud, a full Oracle Cloud, and we run it. We pay for the heart -- again, it's an Oracle region. We put in Oracle cloud region and let me just make up a name. Samsung, we could build a cloud region for Samsung. In fact, two cloud regions is for Samsung. We could do two cloud regions making up names, General Motors, Ford, any company. Those are pretty big companies, but much smaller companies as well. So we're the only ones that give you an option to have the full capability of a public cloud run by Oracle, all of our services, every single 1 of our services, you don't pay for the hardware, you just pay for what you use, put that model directly on your premises. And you can use it and no one else is in that cloud. We can do that. No one else can do it. We can put them on ships and on submarines, no one else can do it because we can start very, very small. All Oracle clouds are identical, except for scale. All Oracle clouds have all Oracle services. All Oracle clouds are fully automated because they're identical. They're fully automated. So one of the reasons we took a little bit longer to get our cloud out was because we built something quite different than what our competitors have. And that allows us to go from very small to very large, using the same automation software. I think some of our competitors, they're large data centers, some are quite different than other data centers. They might have different -- some services might be available on some data centers and not in others. They're not -- they did a very different approach to what we did. We had the advantage of seeing what all the other guys did and we took a different road. It took us a bit longer, but we think we're better off in terms of security. We're better off in terms of scalability. By the way, that means the ability to go down in size and up in size. It allows us to get to every corner of the globe, and provide a level of privacy for your data that other cloud providers cannot provide.
Safra Catz: Yes. And because as Larry said, because whatever the deployment model is you don't have to compromise. Some of our competitors may offer some level of sovereignty or some level of disconnected, but they don't actually have all the services for us, and the reason we've been so successful is whether it's disconnected or sovereign or whatever it is, the customer always gets everything. All services, not just some services and they get to deploy it any way they want, and they get the security or the regulatory requirements, sovereignty may be very critical. And for most governments, they don't want their data in the public cloud out and about. They want to have its sovereign to their country. And so no compromises, no compromises on the services and no compromises on security.
Alex Zukin: It also sounds like you guys have a better price in most cases. So thanks, again to [indiscernible] tough quarter.
Safra Catz: Much, because we are so much faster when you use our cloud, it is new. It's modern, but it also is technical advantages and so it runs your workload so much more quickly. And when you pay by the minute, the second, the hour, if your workload ends in [1/10] (ph) time, you pay a 1/10th the price. That's very hard to compete with.
Larry Ellison: One last comment -- maybe one last comment. The other thing is our cloud was designed not for hundreds of regions, but for thousands or possibly even tens of thousands of data centers and regions. That's why we had to put in a high degree of automation. There is no way we could run these data centers manually. There are too many of them, and we're building them to do fast. We couldn't hire people fast enough and train people fast enough. And the risk of them making a mistake, an error is the risk -- well, they start exposing our customers' data. So they are highly automated. It's a little bit like I apply to myself, and comparing it to the satellites that Elon Musk puts in the sky. StarLink has -- they're more -- he has more satellites than everyone else in the world combined because, again it is a very different – it is a satellite system, Starlink, that's designed for a very large number of satellites that are highly automated. And same model lots and lots of them, 100% or nearly 100% automation to run these clouds.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Kirk Materne: Yeah. Thanks very much. I'll echo the congrats on the cloud momentum. Larry, Safra, I was wondering if you could just expand a bit on the OpenAI announcement this afternoon. Just what that entails in terms of how you'll be working with them or Microsoft? Are there certain workloads they'll be working on with you directly. Can you just give us whatever additional color you can on that deal, obviously very excited. Thanks.
Safra Catz: Well. Go ahead. No, you can. Go ahead.
Larry Ellison: Okay. All right. Well, we are building a very, very large data center, very big about half of a huge data center. We're building for them lots of NVIDIA chips, the new NVIDIA chips, the new NVIDIA interconnect, liquid cooled and they are primarily for training. I mean not inference things. It's we're doing masses and masses of training. And I don't know, that's what we're doing and the training goes beyond languages because now these systems are -- even the call -- even though they are called large language models, they really -- part of the proper name is probably neural networks, they're neural networks, and they're trained not just with language, but masses of images as well. For example, Oracle is very involved with taking biopsy slides and using microscopes to read biopsy slides, recording those images and then using AI to diagnose cancer from these biopsies. It is one of the projects we're working on the medical side of our business. And these large language models, strangely enough, are also looking at biopsies. They're not just reading things language. They are also looking at images and interpreting images. So that is actually a bigger and more complicated problem than understanding language. That's what's so exciting about -- again second time I mentioned Elon and Elon company. Tesla is very close to getting full service driving authorized in China. I'm not speaking at it at school. I think the Chinese government is moving along the full self-driving, self-driving in China. In order to train a car to do full self-driving, you trained on vast amounts of images because the car has to look at these images and then decide what it's going to do next. That's what it does. It doesn't speak, it responds to what it sees. That's a very different problem than answering a question posed in any language. So everyone is going to be training their models on imaging. That's a huge amount of additional data. It is a huge amount of additional training, and we are right in the middle of it.
Kirk Materne: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question today comes from John DiFucci with Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead.
John DiFucci: Thank you for taking my question. My question, I think, is for Safra. Safra, the IaaS revenue growth has been really impressive and it has been for a while here, but perhaps even more so the last couple of quarters, especially is the backlog given its scale. And this may be somewhat of an obvious question for you, but it's based on my conversation with investors. There's two high-profile topics that I want to make sure we understand what the contribution has been today versus next year. And that's Oracle database at Azure and AI in general. We've heard a lot of conversation about the former when we speak to partners and customers in the field. And you've spoken a lot about the latter today. So beyond conversation volume, can you talk a little bit more about what the contribution of these two topics has been to that impressive IaaS revenue growth in this quarter versus what we should expect that contribution to be in fiscal 2025.
Safra Catz: Okay. I would tell you that both of them, both whether it's database at Azure or even the AI workloads as they come on board, they are all incremental to anything you saw so far in our revenues, okay? The database at Azure, those centers are just going live now. So even though we are selling quite a bit of ARR there, these are small and growing very, very fast. So the revenue in Q4 of, let's say, Azure was very small. Q1 will be 10 times as much. Q2 will be potentially 30 times as much. So it is extremely incremental to our current run rate. By the way, that is also true to -- we've already -- we have revenue -- AI revenue so far. Yes, we do, and we've been announcing those. These contracts that we are signing -- that we've signed at the end of Q3 and that are signed at the end of Q4 are so much larger in size that they will be incremental to everything you saw this past year, literally incremental added by quite a bit. So it is going to be -- this is a very exciting time, obviously. And everything is incremental to what you've seen so far because it dwarfed it in many ways.
John DiFucci: That is really clear, and it really speaks to, I think, what you started talking about a long time ago, especially a lot more publicly, I don't know in the fall of 2022, but thanks. That's really clear.
Ken Bond : Thank you, John. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on the Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Krista for closing.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-03-11 19:45:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Krista, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Oracle Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Bond, you may begin your conference.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Krista. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our investor relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from our Investor Relations website. On the call today, our Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will provide some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks, which may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. We had another excellent quarter with third-quarter revenue coming in as expected and EPS $0.02 above the high end of my guidance range. Now, before I get into the results of the quarter I wanted to touch on the strength of our infrastructure cloud business. OCI has emerged as the largest driver of our overall revenue acceleration growing much, much faster than our cloud competitors. Customers have figured out that by moving to OCI they can really get more while paying less, but it's not just the cost that matters to our customers. Beyond the superior price performance of OCI customers are choosing Oracle and Oracle services for multiple reasons. First, we know better than anyone what it takes to run the full stack of technology that goes into mission-critical workloads. I'm talking about running at enterprise scale with comprehensive security and unparalleled support and that's from decades of experience running the world's most important workloads and optimizing clustering technology, which is critical to artificial intelligence, workloads, and database services. Secondly, our AI capabilities are unique as they're built-in to help customers drive business outcomes. This is more than integrating generative AI across our Fusion and Industry Cloud applications and autonomous database, which we have done. It's also about enabling and refining these AI models with the customer's own data to better understand and serve their operations without them losing control of their own data. Third, we provide deployment flexibility for customers based on how they want to run in the cloud. In addition to offering public cloud services, we remain the only vendor which also offers a dedicated and complete cloud of customer, dedicated regions, sovereign clouds, and Alloy, our partner cloud so customers don't have to compromise the services they receive while meeting their deployment needs. And finally, we provide multi-cloud offerings so customers can consume our cloud services in the public cloud of their choice. We offer Oracle database at Azure with Microsoft as well as MySQL HeatWave through multiple clouds and you can expect more multi-cloud services to come. Now to Q3 results, which I'd like to point out I had the actual results on day five and signed off with my auditors days ago. So I'm just bragging a little bit but I couldn't help it, I know a lot of CFOs are pretty jealous. As I mentioned earlier, total revenue came in at the midpoint of my constant-currency guidance and EPS was above the high-end of guidance. As was the case when I gave guidance last quarter, currency had little effects in Q3. But I'll still discuss our results using constant currency growth rates in the few areas that the rates are slightly different. So here we go. Cloud revenue that's SaaS and IaaS excluding Cerner was $4.4 billion, up 26%. Including Cerner, total cloud revenue was up 24% at $5.1 billion with IaaS revenue of $1.8 billion, up 49%, and SaaS revenue of $3.3 billion, up 14%. This quarter marks the first time our total cloud revenue is more than our total license support revenue. So we have crossed over total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter with $10 billion, up 11% driven again by our Strategic Cloud Applications, Autonomous Database, and OCI. Application subscription revenues, which includes product support were $4.6 billion and up 10%. Our strategic back-office SaaS applications now have an annualized revenue of $7.4 billion and were up 18%. Infrastructure revenues which includes license support were $5.4 billion and up 13%. Infrastructure cloud services revenue was up 49%. Excluding Legacy Hosting Services, OCI Gen2 infrastructure cloud services revenue grew 52% with an annualized revenue of $6.7 billion. OCI consumption revenue was up 63%. Where if not for some continuing supply constraints, consumption growth would have been even higher. Database subscription revenues, which include database license support were up 5%. And highlighted by cloud database services, which were up 34% and now has annualized revenue of $1.9 billion. Very importantly, has on-premise databases migrate to the cloud, we expect these cloud database services will be the third leg of revenue growth alongside strategic SaaS and OCI. Software license revenues were $1.3 billion, down 3%. So all in, total revenues for the quarter was $13.3 billion, up 7% including Cerner and up 9% excluding Cerner. Now to margins, the gross margins for Cloud Services and License Support was 77%. This is as before a result of the mix between support and cloud in which cloud is growing much faster than support. Support and SaaS gross margin percentages are consistent with last year while IaaS gross margins improved substantially year-over-year. While we continue to build data center capacity, overall gross margins will go higher as more of our cloud regions fill up. We monitor these expenses carefully to ensure gross margin percentages expand as we scale. And to that point, gross profit dollars of Cloud Services and License Support grew 8% in Q3. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.8 billion, up 12% from last year. Operating margin was 44%, up from 42% last year as we continue to drive more efficiencies in our operating expenses, which continue to trend down as a percentage of revenue. Looking forward, as we continue to benefit from economies of scale in the cloud and drive Cerner profitability to Oracle standards, we will not only continue to grow operating income but we will also expand the operating margin percentages. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was very close to my guidance at 18.9%, and non-GAAP EPS was $1.41 in USD, up 16% in both USD and constant currency. GAAP EPS was $0.85. At quarter-end, we had nearly $9.9 billion in cash and marketable securities. And short term deferred revenue balance was $8.9 billion, up 4%. Over the last four quarters, operating cash flow was $18.2 billion, up 18% and free cash flow was $12.3 billion, up 68%. Capital expenditures were $6 billion over the same time period as we continue to see cash-flow benefits from our cloud transformation. Our remaining performance obligation or RPO is now over $8 billion with the portion excluding Cerner up 41% in constant currency. We signed several large deals this quarter and we have many more in the pipeline. Approximately 43% of our total RPO is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. And this reflects the growing trend of customers wanting larger contracts as they see first-hand how Oracle Cloud Services are benefiting their businesses. And we expect to have some very nice joint announcements with NVIDIA next week. Now while we spent $2.1 billion on CapEx this quarter, the $1.7 billion in the cash-flow statements is slightly lower just due to the timing of payments. So the $2.1 billion is actually what we spent and will pay for. We are working as quickly as we can to get the cloud capacity built out given the enormity of our backlog and pipeline. I expect the CapEx will be somewhere around $7 billion to $7.5 billion this fiscal year, meaning our Q4 CapEx should be considerably higher. To that point, we now have 68 customer-facing cloud regions live with 47 public cloud regions around the world and another eight being built. 12 of these public-cloud regions interconnect with Azure and more locations with Microsoft are coming online soon. We also have 11 dedicated region slots and 13 more planned. Several national security regions in EU sovereign regions live with increasing demand for more of each. And finally, we already have two Alloy cloud regions live with five more planned where Oracle Partners become cloud providers offering customized cloud services alongside Oracle Cloud. And of course, we have also many, many, many clouded customer installations. As I mentioned earlier the sizing, flexibility, and deployment optionality of our cloud regions continues to be incredible advantage for us in the marketplace. And as we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt, and a dividend. And this quarter, we repurchased 4 million shares for a total of $450 million. In addition, we paid out dividends of $4.4 billion over the last 12 months. And the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share today. Now, before I dive into Q4 guidance, I'd like to share some thoughts on what I see for the next 12 months or so. As demand for our Cloud Services continues getting stronger, our pipeline is growing even faster and our win rates are going higher as well. As our supply constraints ease revenue growth rates will accelerate higher as our capacity expands and we get into fiscal year '25. I should also say that we continue to expect the FY '24 of which we are now in the fourth quarter, total revenue excluding Cerner will accelerate from last year as it has for the past three years and will likely be significantly higher in FY '25. In addition, Cerner, which is a significant headwind this year, we expect to return to growth next year. And final - and I remain firmly committed to our FY '26 financial goals for revenue, operating margin, and EPS growth. However, some of these goals might prove to be too conservative given our momentum. Let me now turn to my guidance for Q4, which I'll review on a non-GAAP basis as always. And if currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have little effect on total revenue and EPS. However, of course, actual currency impact may be different. So, at least right now, all the numbers are the same for constant currency and USD. Total revenues including Cerner are expected to grow from 4% to 6%. Total revenue excluding Cerner are expected to grow 6% to 8%. The total cloud revenue excluding Cerner is expected to grow from 22% to 24% as more capacity comes online in Q4. The EPS growth rate will be affected by the compare as our Q4 tax rate last year was 9.2%, which I believe most of you have already accounted for in your models. And my EPS guidance for Q4 assumes a base tax rate of 19%. As always, one-time tax events could cause actual tax rates to vary from my guidance as stated last year. So with that, non-GAAP EPS is expected to be down 2% or to flat and be between a $1.62 and $1.66. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Well, Oracle signed another big Generation 2 cloud infrastructure contract with NVIDIA in Q3. Oracle's Gen2 AI infrastructure business is booming. That's become pretty clear to everybody. But in addition to selling infrastructure for training AI large language models, Oracle is also completely re-engineering its industry-specific applications to take full advantage of generative Artificial Intelligence. The best example of this is in Healthcare where Oracle did not just add a bit of AI around the edges of the existing applications. Instead, we developed completely new applications using our Apex Application Generator and our Autonomous Database. These all new applications use generative AI throughout the application. The best example is in Healthcare where our new Ambulatory Clinic System is being delivered to customers this Q4. This completely new application features a voice interface called the Clinical Digital Assistant. The Clinical Digital Assistant listens to a doctor's consultations with a patient and automatically generates prescriptions, Doctor's orders, doctor's notes, then automatically updates the patient's electronic health records. The Clinical Digital Assistant's voice interface makes our new healthcare systems dramatically easier to use and saves hours of doctors precious time every day which now can be spent with patients rather than typing into a computer. The delivery of our new AI-centric healthcare cloud applications, including the Ambulatory Clinic System, the Clinical Digital Assistant, and the Health Data Intelligence System will enable the rapid modernization of our customers' healthcare systems and transform Oracle Health and Cerner into a high-growth business for years to come. Ken, back to you.
Safra Catz: We don't hear you, Ken.
Ken Bond: Thank you. Thank you, Larry. Sorry about that. Krista, if you could please poll the audience for questions and if we can proceed from there? Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John DiFucci from Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead.
John DiFucci: Thank you. Safra, the infrastructure as a service growth of 49% implies a herculean increase in new business coming online, new ARR the way we model it anyway something I just thought you wouldn't be able to do this quarter given how much you had to do though we've realized we don't know the timing of when deals come online. But last quarter you said you were going to reallocate resources to focus on some of these very large OCI deals to get them implemented earlier so you start to get revenue earlier. Is that what happened this quarter? Is that what we're seeing or is that still to come?
Safra Catz: Honestly, John, that is still to come. So, this is just pretty much our regular way business. That's what you're seeing. We have enormous amounts of demand. I tried to make that clear last quarter, and we have more capacity coming online. But we have tried to - we're trying to focus on much larger chunks of data center capacities and electricity and all of that and that's just - that all to come. This is really our regular way business and our customers just growing and a whole bunch of new customers, by the way. I think there are many, many customers who have come on and that haven't gotten capacity yet. We've got at least 40 new AI bookings that are over $1 billion that hasn't come online yet.
Larry Ellison: Okay, let me add that Oracle has been building data centers at a record level and a lot of people I think are aware that we can build fairly small data centers to get started when we want to. But the unique thing about Oracle's data centers, they're all identical except for scale. We did not have custom data center. They all have all the Oracle services. They are all complete. One of the things that's unusual about them, they are all completely automated. They come up on their own and they kind of run their selves. I mean, look, we do have a bunch of people working on these data centers but they are extremely highly automated. Our operating system is Autonomous Linux. Our database is the Oracle Autonomous Database. Our new HeatWave database, Microsoft - MySQL HeatWave, it's highly automated. And therefore, we can build every time we build a data center, it's like the data center we've built before except for one thing, scale. We can go very small. We can get a full cloud data center with all the services in [10 racks]. But this is what I want to point out. We're also building the largest data centers in the world that we know of. We're building an AI data center in the United States where you could park eight Boeing 747s nose-to-tail in that one data center. So, we are building large numbers of data centers, and we were - and some of those data centers are smallish, but some of those data centers are the largest AI data centers in the world. So, we're bringing on enormous amounts of capacity over the next 24 months because the demand is so high, we need to do that to satisfy our existing set of customers. To give you an idea. One more thing, in terms of data centers we're building 20 data centers from Microsoft and Azure. They just ordered three more data centers this quarter. They're adding to that already. And there are other multi-cloud agreements that are being signed. There are multicloud - a number of multicloud agreements in Japan where computer manufacturers in Japan are adopting our cloud and will be reselling our cloud as partners. And we think NRI is already doing that, but there a number of other companies that are going to be doing that. So that's something we're seeing over demand for data centers or people who want to buy Alloy and then resell our cloud services with their proprietary cloud services on top of it. We're seeing that. So some of our largest customers all over the world want their own Oracle region. They don't want to share a public cloud, they want a cloud region dedicated or actually multiple cloud regions dedicated to that bank or that technology company or that telecom company. So they are building their own data centers which are - those are Oracle cloud data centers, they are that - yes, they're all identical. So we're able to automate and run those with not a lot of additional labor costs. It's a huge advantage for us.
John DiFucci: Well, thank you, Larry, and Safra. Listen, what you put up this quarter in Infrastructure as a Service, it just looks pretty impressive. But it sounds like there's a lot more to come. Thank you for taking my question.
Larry Ellison: John, my last comment will be - would be the growth in RPO is what's to come. And RPO is obviously growing faster than revenue because we can't meet the demand. That's the measure of demand, the $80 billion RPO is quite a - an acceleration of demand. So demand is not slowing down, it's actually increasing quite a bit.
John DiFucci: Well, there were lot of questions on that last quarter, and I guess there won't be any on this one. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Raimo Lenschow: Hi, thank you, and congrats from me as well. I wanted to talk a little bit about Cerner. In the announcements, you talked about that most of Cerner now it's - is running out of your OCI. Well, first of all, let a very quick turnaround here, so well done. What's kind of the implications for that both from running efficiency but also innovation on the platform? Thank you.
Larry Ellison: Well, two things. One is we save a huge amount of money moving them into our standard data center. Our OCI costs are much lower than the cost of the Cerner dedicated data center in Kansas City. Also, the big thing that we're excited about is OCI is highly secure, it's got a highly secure perimeter and therefore those applications are much less vulnerable to ransomware or other kinds of attacks than if they were in a different kind of data center. So we're very happy that these are now secured. The third thing is now that they're in our cloud, we're able to update those applications on our regular three months cadence. So, we're able to modernize those customers that are in the cloud on a regular basis and start delivering our brand new applications that completely rewritten Cerner application. First for ambulatory clinics and then eventually for acute-care hospitals. But ambulatory clinics system is coming out this quarter and we're able to automatically deliver that system to existing customers. It's not a reimplementation. It is literally an update to what they've already got running on the Oracle Cloud. Even though it's an all-new application, I'm not going to see much technical detail, but it uses the same underlying data schema. So, we literally can bring up the new application without the customer having to go through any implementation process. We can do it just as an update, like when we ship a new version of Fusion to an existing Fusion customer. We can now ship a new version of - an all-new version of the Cerner application to a Cerner customer in OCI. So it allows us to modernize their infrastructure very, very rapidly, deliver the Voice - Clinical Digital Assistant, make the system easier to use, save doctor's time, deliver a lot more value put it in the diagnostic imaging systems that help data intelligence system, deliver all of that automatically on a regular three-months cadence. So, it allows us to modernize the Cerner base very, very quickly while keeping them safe from ransomware.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes from Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Ben Reitzes: Yes, thanks. It's a pleasure to be speaking with you this afternoon. Larry and Safra, can you talk a little bit about CapEx? Your guidance implies almost doubling of CapEx in the fourth quarter and then what kind of trajectory is needed for the next fiscal year given this RPO growth? What kind of uptick is needed? And Larry, if you don't mind, what - if you can give some color on GPU availability and how that plays in versus data center requirements in terms of that spending? Thanks so much.
Safra Catz: So, for fiscal year '25, looking at about $10 billion in CapEx because it's also involves not only some big centers, but it also involves expansions of existing centers. So we've already got some areas that we will be filling out. So at least preliminarily, we're looking at $10 billion for next year. And then it's not too complicated to figure out the math here when I'm looking at somewhere between $7 billion and $7.5 billion for the full year and you've got all the numbers for one, two, and three at this point. And I would include for Q3 the one we just are announcing. I would add in the amount we haven't paid yet as the CapEx number for this quarter. Okay? And then I guess that would be and then Larry gets the second question. But anyway, so $2.1 billion for this quarter and you've got Q1 and Q2 and I'm going to be somewhere between $7 billion and $7.5 billion for the full year, which is actually a little bit lower than I thought. But we were able to do pretty well. You know-how we spend very carefully.
Ben Reitzes: Great, thanks. And Larry, the amount that - how is the GPU availability in terms of hitting your goals and vis-a-vis other bottlenecks that could be out there?
Safra Catz: Can I take at least part of this?
Ben Reitzes: Oh, yes, sure.
Safra Catz: The GPU we are good. We are actually very good in our GPU access and capability. So, building the computers and that it's much more making sure we've got the power on that.
Larry Ellison: Yes.
Ben Reitzes: Thank you.
Larry Ellison: And as Safra says, we have - so, as Safra says, we have a great relationship with NVIDIA. They're a customer of ours as well as us being a customer of theirs and we work very closely together. So, that's going pretty well. Building these let them is the scale of some of these data centers is breathtaking. Again the one we're building in Salt Lake. Again, you can park 8747s nose-to-tail. We can give you a video of this thing under construction, but it's hard, I mean, it's breathtaking. So, there is a tremendous amount of demand, the data centers take longer to build, and we would like that said, we are getting very good at building them quickly and getting the building the power and the communication links in, we're doing faster than we have ever happened in the past. And the thing is once we deliver the hardware, the hardware comes up very, very quickly because the process of bringing up the hardware is now automated. It's very different than it used to be. So, we're able to bring additional capacity online very quickly if we have that the electric power and the communication lines. So, is the long pole in the tent is actually building the structure, connecting the electricity, connecting the communication lines.
Ben Reitzes: Thanks, Larry. Appreciate it. Congrats something OCI growth.
Larry Ellison: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derrick Wood from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Derrick Wood: Great, thank you. Larry, just within the last few months you guys have enabled Oracle Database and OCI to be run on top of Azure, which seems like a fairly significant development. Can you talk about what the customer reception has been around this announcement? How you think it could change the arc of new investments on the Oracle Database platform? And what this means for potentially unlocking a stronger adoption cycle for Autonomous Database?
Larry Ellison: Well, I think it is the key to unlocking a stronger adoption cycle for a - moving Oracle in general to the cloud in general and specifically the migration to Autonomous Database. Oracle, we expect the multicloud initiatives to continue to expand. We're seeing it expand in Japan, but we expected to expand amongst other hyperscalers to adopt a similar multi-cloud approach where we built and we built OCI regions inside of the coexisting with their existing cloud infrastructure. We think the world - the era of walled gardens is coming to an end where it used to be okay, I'm going to move all my stuff to AWS, trying to move all my stuff to Azure. What customers really want is the ability to use multiple clouds and for those multiple clouds to talk to one another. And I think - I mean in the era of the Internet and now cloud computing, it's really called Cloud Computing. It's not called a bunch of separate clouds. So we expect that multi-cloud to become the norm and Oracle to be available everywhere. And we - and that's what you said, we think that will preserve our franchise and database where we've been the number-one database in the IT ecosystem for a very long-time. We think that's going to preserve that franchise and expand it because the Autonomous Database is a unique piece of technology and there is nothing like it in the world, and maybe the most interesting thing, no one else is working on anything like that. No one else even trying to duplicate the Autonomous Database. So, we think it will be - it will become a very successful product in every cloud.
Derrick Wood: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Kirk Materne: Yes, thanks very much for taking the questions and congrats on a incredible bookings this quarter. Larry, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the interest level on Alloy in international markets where there might be a bit of a premium on data sovereignty and maybe how that's impacting the growth opportunity for OCI when we look out towards the balance of calendar '24? Thanks.
Larry Ellison: Well, I think Japan is maybe the most interesting market where we had early success with NRI. They run the Tokyo Stock Exchange. No - what NRI has is just is an Oracle - a couple of Oracle Cloud regions which they resell in the financial services community inside of Japan. And one of their applications is a major stock exchange, the Tokyo Stock Exchange. So, think about how many clouds run stock exchanges, that would be ours. It's got to be highly secure, it can never go down, it's going to have extremely high transaction rates, we can do that. And the success of NRI is caused other - the other computer companies in Japan to become very, very interested and also reselling our cloud with - and we also have the ability that they can add on some of their own technology to our cloud so, our cloud is open so you can plug-in other things to the cloud. So, imagine a big computer company in Japan adopting the Oracle Cloud, reselling Autonomous Database, reselling all of our technologies because all we --we only make one kind of cloud, they're all the same and they have all of the services. But then that company can add their own services to there for their customers. We think all of the cloud companies in Japan are going to adopt OCI. Plus a lot of big companies, the big car companies in Japan. We want around their own, the phone companies in Japan will want their own, the technology companies in Japan will want their own Oracle regions. And because they are sovereign because they are highly secure and because they are highly cost-effective, so we think this allows us to enter a variety of new markets. Pretty much every government is going to want a sovereign cloud and a dedicated region for that government for not only to - so we see a number of countries. It's funny, we talked about winning business with companies. For the first time, we're beginning to win business country - per countries for sovereign cloud where the national government and the state governments are moving to that Oracle OCI region. And of course, it's got to be at least two of them for redundancy and disaster recovery. So, we have a number of countries where we're negotiating sovereign regions with the national government. We see that time and time again, major companies, governments, computer suppliers reselling our Alloy Cloud. The demand for our cloud regions is extraordinarily high. I believe we will end up - well, this is a funny prediction, but okay, we'll end up with more data centers and cloud regions than all the other hyperscalers combined.
Safra Catz: Yes. I think that's the story.
Larry Ellison: That's what I believe.
Safra Catz: So, just to make sure you have all the numbers between Alloy and dedicated regions, we've got 13 lives. We've got 18 under-construction. And we've signed five new ones just this past quarter. So for us, it's - they're just - there's just a list we're going through and trying to get them all because they are such a unique capability and in such high demand.
Larry Ellison: Yes. And let me just add one last thing. Microsoft does not compete for this business. AWS does not compete for this business. Google does not compete for this business. We're the only ones in this business.
Kirk Materne: Thank you, all.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Brad Zelnick from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brad Zelnick: Thanks very much for taking my question. Larry, my question actually follows on your answer to Kirk's question because I think it's so important. In talking to one of your GSI partners we heard about a global public sector solution that they referred to as government in a box where Oracle in partnership with likes Starlink, the Tony Blair Project, our building solutions on top of OCI including [Absence Check] and even Cerner. So, literally run the entire country's digital operations. So, hoping you can add even a little bit more color about what you're doing here. How big an opportunity it is because it just seems like it's such a powerful example of the entire Oracle Cloud Stack coming together in a very meaningful way?
Larry Ellison: All right. It is really, really - it is very interesting. And we've gone into the National Government and State Government applications in a very, very big way to give you an idea a little glimpse of what we're doing. Yes, because we can't deliver these cloud regions to medium-sized countries. So, for example, Serbia is standardizing on - or these Oracle Cloud regions for their National Government. We're automating their healthcare and people know that we're in the healthcare business. What they might not know is in cooperation with Starlink we're able to deliver an Internet service to - for the entire country. The rural part of the country, by the way, we can deliver the Internet and we have delivered the Internet. Let's say Kenya or Rwanda very inexpensively using Starlink and our sovereign cloud regions to backhaul the Internet traffic. So, you can bring every school in Serbia online the Internet connectivity even if they're rural doesn't matter. Every school, every hospital as is true of Rwanda, that's true of Kenya. We can do it very, very cost-effectively and one of the applications we have for agriculture, we actually do a national map of the country where we can show you each of the farms in the country, what they're growing - this farm is growing coffee, this farm is growing maze, this farm - what's part of the fields are getting enough nitrogen, which part of the fields are getting enough water? What corrective actions you need to take to increase your agricultural output? We're doing that again in concert with Elon Musk and SpaceX to do this kind of mapping to provide this AI-assisted and then these maps are AI-assisted help them plan their agricultural output and predict their agricultural output, predict markets, the logistics of the agricultural output during all of those things as next-generation national application. And it is one of the most exciting things we're doing, of course, we do procurement and accounting and human resources and recruiting for the government, we do all of those applications. But in some of the newer applications, regarding food security. Making sure all the schools are online. Rural growth schools are online. That rural hospitals are online. It's automating those rural hospitals. It's automating their vaccination program, their healthcare program across the board. These next-generation applications are very attractive. I'll tell you one other crazy thing that we do. It's another generative AI application. If you want to join the EU, it took Serbia eight years to harmonize their laws to be able to join the EU. Albania is facing the same thing. But with generative AI, we can read the entire corpus of the Albanian laws and actually harmonize their laws with the EU and probably more like 18-months to two years rather than the eight years it took Serbia. So, there are all sorts of interesting new AI applications out there that people you've probably never heard of before or at least I hadn't heard of before, until this last 12 months. Now that we've worked on and we're now in the process of delivering.
Brad Zelnick: Really amazing stuff. Larry, thank you and congrats. And Safra, really great to see the firm reiteration of your fiscal '26 targets. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Safra Catz: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Brad. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Krista for closing.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-12-11 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Emma, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Oracle Corporation's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Ken Bond, you may begin your conference.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Emma. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's second quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from our Investor Relations website. On the call today, our Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison, and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q, and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. We had another great quarter. When you look at the top of our financial results table, a few things are very clear. The largest number, cloud services and license support, is now 74% of the revenue, and it's recurring revenue, and it's the one growing by $1 billion this quarter. The smaller numbers, which are not recurring, now account for only 26%. This is exactly what we told you would happen, and it's happening. And as this continues, total revenue growth will accelerate every year. To that point, OCI is now one of the clear drivers of our acceleration. Imagine just three years ago, OCI was rarely, if ever, mentioned as a viable hyperscale alternative. Of course, we knew what we had built and we kept talking about it and we knew it was only a matter of time. And now, more industry analysts are catching on to what customers are choosing. For example, just last week, we were recognized as a leader in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Strategic Cloud Platform Services. Our financial results reflect that customers have figured out that by moving to OCI, they really can get more while paying less. On top of that, we are now the default choice for AI workloads given our unique differentiation and price performance capabilities. Why specifically are they coming to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure? Well, it's a combination of several things. Creating the second generation cloud enabled us to build a much better, more scalable, and more efficient cloud. We understood the limitations of the first generation and engineered very differently. Second, we know what it takes to run at enterprise scale, performance and security better than, I say, anyone else. Our 45-year history as the leading enterprise software company gives us unique knowledge of what exactly is required to run mission critical systems. Third, we recognize that customers need deployment flexibility rather than just offer public cloud services like our competitors, we are the only vendor which also offers dedicated cloud to customer, dedicated region, sovereign clouds, and Alloy, our partner clouds. And then finally, our belief in the importance of multi-cloud offerings will be industry changing as these collaborations roll out. With all this success and exploding demand, we are working as quickly as we can to get the cloud capacity built out. Now, to the Q2 results. With total revenue at the midpoint of my constant currency guidance and the EPS at the high end of guidance. Now, as a reminder, currency was 1 point less helpful than when we gave guidance three months ago. Total cloud revenue, that's SaaS plus IaaS, excluding Cerner, was $4.1 billion, up 25%. Including Cerner, total cloud revenue was up 24% at $4.8 billion, with IaaS revenue at $1.6 billion, up 50%, and SaaS revenue of $3.2 billion, up 14%. Total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter was $9.6 billion, up 11%, driven again by our strategic cloud applications, autonomous database, and our Gen 2 OCI. Application subscription revenues, which includes support, were $4.5 billion, up 9%. Our strategic back office SaaS applications now have an annualized revenue of $7.1 billion and we're up 19%. Infrastructure subscription revenues, which includes license support, were $5.2 billion, up 12%. Infrastructure cloud services revenue was up 50%. Excluding legacy hosting services, Gen 2 infrastructure cloud services revenue grew 55%, with an annualized revenue of $6 billion. OCI consumption revenue was up 71%. Database subscription revenues, which includes database license support, were up 4%, highlighted by Exadata database cloud services revenue, which was up 40%, and autonomous database up 26%. Very importantly, as on-premise databases migrate to the cloud, we expect these cloud database services will be the third leg of revenue growth alongside strategic SaaS and Gen 2 OCI. Software license revenues were $1.2 billion, down 19% in a tough comparison to last year where it was up 23%. So all in, total revenues for the quarter were $12.9 billion, up 4% including Cerner, actually up 6% excluding Cerner. Now shifting to margins, the gross margin for cloud services and license support was 78%. This is because of the mix between support and cloud in which cloud is growing much faster than support. Support and SaaS margins are consistent with last year, while IaaS gross margins improved substantially. While we continue to build data center capacity, gross margins go higher as these new cloud regions fill up. We monitor these expenses carefully to ensure gross margin percentages expand as we scale. To this point, the gross profit dollars of cloud services and license support grew 10% in Q2. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.5 billion, up 7% from last year. The operating margin was 43%, up from 41% last year. As we continue to benefit from economies of scale in the cloud and drive Cerner profitability to Oracle standards, we will not only continue to grow operating income, but we will also expand the operating margin. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19% and non-GAAP EPS was $1.34 in USD, up 11% in USD, and up 9% in constant currency. GAAP EPS was $0.89 in USD. At quarter-end, we had nearly $8.7 billion in cash and marketable securities and the short-term deferred revenue balance was $8.9 billion, up 1%. Over the last four quarters, operating cash flow was $17 billion, up 13%. And free cash flow was $10.1 billion, up 20%. Capital expenditures were $6.9 billion over the same period as we continue to seek cash flow benefit from our cloud transformation. Our remaining performance obligation, or RPO, is now over $65 billion, with the portion excluding Cerner up 11% in constant currency. We continue to sign large deals with many in the pipeline. Approximately 48% of total RPO is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. CapEx was $1.1 billion in Q2 as we continue to build capacity for bookings and our customers' growing needs. Given the enormity of our pipeline and backlog, I expect CapEx will be somewhere around $8 billion this fiscal year, meaning our second half CapEx will be considerably higher as we bring online more capacity. To that point, we now have 66 customer facing cloud regions live, with 45 public cloud regions around the world and another six being built. 12 of these public cloud regions interconnect with Azure and starting next year, customers will be able to run Oracle Database at Azure on OCI inside Azure. We also have 10 dedicated regions live and 13 more planned, nine national security regions, and two EU sovereign regions live with increasing demand for more of each. And finally, we have seven Alloy cloud regions planned where Oracle partners become cloud providers offering customized cloud services alongside the Oracle Cloud. And of course, we also have so many, many, many clouded customer installations. The sizing flexibility and deployment optionality of our cloud regions continues to be advantages for us in the marketplace. Finally, as we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisition, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt, and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 4 million shares for a total of $450 million. And in addition, we paid out dividends of $4.1 billion over the last 12 months. And the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share. Now let me turn to my guidance for Q3, which I will review, as always, on a non-GAAP basis. If currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have little effect on total revenue and EPS. However, the actual currency impact may be different. So because of that, all the numbers I give you are the same for constant currency and USD. Total revenues, including Cerner, are expected to grow from 6% to 8%. Total revenues excluding Cerner are expected to grow from 8% to 10%. Total cloud revenue excluding Cerner is expected to grow from 26% to 28%. Non-GAAP EPS growth is expected to grow between 10% and 14% and be between $1.35 and $1.39. My EPS guidance for Q3 assumes a base tax rate of 19%. However, one-time tax events could cause actual tax rates to vary. Finally, I remain firmly committed to our fiscal ‘26 financial goals for revenue, operating margins, and EPS growth. And with that, let me turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. The demand for Oracle's Cloud Infrastructure and Generative AI is consistently increasing quarter after quarter. Oracle's total remaining performance obligations, or RPO, has now reached $65 billion, slightly more than our annual revenue. In response to this sharply increasing demand, Oracle is in the process of expanding 66 of our existing cloud data centers and building 100 new cloud data centers. We have to build 100 additional cloud data centers because there are billions of dollars more in contracted demand than we currently can supply. Cloud Infrastructure demand is huge and growing at an unprecedented rate. In the next few weeks, we expect to sign a couple more billion dollar Cloud Infrastructure contracts. Gartner recently named Oracle OCI as a leader in cloud platform and infrastructure services. The demand for Cloud Infrastructure services and new Oracle cloud data centers is broad-based, driven not only by Generative AI customers, but also by nation states buying sovereign Oracle cloud data centers, plus large banks, telecommunications companies, and industrial companies, buying dedicated cloud data centers, dedicated Oracle cloud data centers, and perhaps most interestingly, demand from other hyperscalers and other cloud service providers, co-locating and connecting their clouds with Oracle cloud data centers. Customers don't want clouds to be walled gardens. In the next few months, we will turn on 20 new Oracle cloud data centers, co-located with and connected to Microsoft Azure as a part of our joint multi-cloud initiative. These 20 new multi-cloud data centers will house over 2,000 full racks of Exadata database machines designed to meet pent-up demand for the Oracle cloud database. We're able to build new data centers rapidly and operate them inexpensively because all of our data centers are architecturally identical, highly automated, with an identical high-performance RDMA network, autonomous services, and applications. Oracle cloud data centers vary only by scale. Again, several nation states have ordered multiple sovereign data centers to be built within their country so that they can move their government, healthcare, and commercial workloads to the Oracle cloud. These new countries include Japan, Italy, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh, New Zealand, and others. Some of the world's largest banks, telecommunications and industrial companies, have also contracted with us to build Oracle cloud data centers dedicated entirely to them so that they can migrate their workloads to an Oracle cloud data center. These companies include Nomura, Vodafone, Telecom Italia Mobile, Saudi Telecom, a huge Korean conglomerate, and a huge US defense contractor. These are but a few examples that demonstrate the diversity of the growing demand for Oracle's highly differentiated Gen2 cloud infrastructure and data center technology. Back to you, Ken.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Emma, if we could please poll the audience for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Ben Reitzes with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Ben Reitzes: Hey, thanks a lot. It's great to be speaking with you this afternoon. Do you mind going through your thoughts on the OCI trajectory from here and how you feel backlog will play out into revenue? And perhaps you can comment also, is the acceleration potential that you guided for due to getting more GPUs and more AI backlog moving into revenue? Thanks a lot.
Safra Catz: Larry, you want me to take it or you?
Larry Ellison: No, either one, Safra, you tell me.
Safra Catz: How about I get started? So, where do we expect OCI to go from here? Frankly, the only limiting factor is our ability to get the data centers handed over and filled up fast enough. This quarter alone, we're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars that we would have been able to recognize if our capacity was available. So the reality is, as we roll out and we've got just so many moving parts as you can hear from us, we have a lot of capacity coming online. And as you can see in my CapEx guidance, we expect OCI to just grow astronomically, frankly. It is the ideal infrastructure for so much use. And of course, also as more GPUs become available, and we can put those in, we have just a really unlimited amount of demand. Larry, I don't know if you want to say anything else?
Larry Ellison: Yeah, well again, in the next few weeks, I mentioned we're going to sign two additional contracts right around $1 billion each. I mean the backlog is growing astronomically. I think it's the word Safra used and that's accurate. There's no reason why -- OCI grew 50% this quarter. I think OCI is going to get much bigger and actually the growth rate will be above 50%, I believe, as these data centers come online. We think we can build a lot of these data centers very quickly. By the way, again, I emphasize it's not just GenAI demand. There is huge pent-up cloud database demand. There is huge demand overseas for sovereign clouds, where people -- governments haven't been able to move their workloads. A lot of those are government Oracle workloads. They haven't been able to move their workloads to the cloud. I mean, there are literally, I don't know, five, six, seven large companies in Japan that will be building at least two data centers, Oracle data centers each. So again, the demand is extraordinary. We can build the data centers relatively fast. And I expect the OCI growth rate to be over 50% for a few years.
Safra Catz: Yes, we're not demand limited in any way right now.
Ben Reitzes: Thanks a lot, Safra and Larry. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
John DiFucci: Thank you. Thanks for the question. Thanks Larry for the -- and Safra, for those comments on the future OCI growth. So since Ben asked about the growth, and maybe I'll take a step back on the other part of all this, and that's the profit side. Per Larry's comments, you're building out a lot of capacity and Safra's comments agree with that, with the CapEx growth. But Clay's also spoken about the time it takes to build out those AI super clusters and I know that's not the only AI workloads you're doing, but that sounds like some pretty exciting stuff. And it takes time before you get revenue. I realize you're also seeing ramp up of those what I'll call core OCI deals like Uber, and you actually get revenue from them over time. But how should we think about cloud gross margins over time in this context with both those things? There's a lot happening here.
Safra Catz: Yes, and I'm really glad you asked. I'm really glad you asked because one of the lines that we show you, even though I give you more detail, is I show you a number that is a mix of cloud and support. And obviously, support is extremely profitable because of the structure of the way it works, and because we are at such a large scale. But the reality is that our cloud businesses are also very profitable. Our SaaS cloud business is very profitable, and our IaaS, our OCI business, is improving profitability as it grows. And so the target gross margins for it are much higher than I think you expect because you're probably comparing it to some of the more pure play cloud folks who somehow don't end up making as much money in all of this. As we grow, our gross margin percentage goes up. So yes, we make a lot of investments and we'll be making a lot of investments, but our profitability continues to go up. Because once the day -- the worst moment is at the moment where the data center is full of computers and you don't have any tenants that first day, but that's not actually how we work. Yes, we have the floor space, but we grow in pieces. Unlike some of the others that they have to do a full out build out and put everything there before they have a penny of revenue, that's not how we work. We -- and more and more of our -- so we start small and build up and that allows us to match our spending with the revenues much better. And that's because we have that engineering deployment flexibility that the first generation folks don't have. I don't know, Larry, if you want to add anything to that?
Larry Ellison: Yeah I do. I think one thing is very important. We're much more highly automated than the older data centers. So to give you an idea, Oracle Cloud -- to run Oracle Cloud we have to keep track of all of our customers, how much they're using. We have to have a variety of databases and applications that run the cloud. Those databases are all the autonomous database. We have no labor associated with those databases. It's all completely automated. Our installations, when we bring up a new cloud, you plug it in and the process of bringing it up is largely automated. There aren't lots and lots of people in the data center to bring it up, and there certainly aren't lots and lots of people in the data center to run it every day. We focus on autonomous services. Our Linux, our operating system is fully autonomous. There's no labor associated with running it. There's certainly labor associated with building the software, but not running the software, it doesn't cost us more to run 100 data centers than it costs us to run 10 in terms of DBAs or people running Oracle Autonomous Linux. So we have a very different model than our old data centers or our competitors' data centers. We can run these things, we can bring them up relatively quickly and we can run them very inexpensively and efficiently. One last thing about being autonomous, the fact that it's automated, there are far fewer errors and there are far fewer security vulnerabilities because the system is completely self-driving.
John DiFucci: If I might, and Safra, go back to something you said, is it fair to assume that OCI gross margins have consistently grown over time, quarter to quarter?
Safra Catz: Yes.
John DiFucci: Okay, and then, and then, and then…
Larry Ellison: Grown a lot.
John DiFucci: Grown a lot, okay. And then finally, the -- what Larry just said about the database, Safra, I've heard you say at times, we're at the beginning of the beginning of the transition of the database to cloud. So I know you have database in cloud today but that migration of the on-prem that's still to come pretty much.
Safra Catz: Yeah, it is really still to come. It is -- we're talking about tens of billions of dollars when it comes over. So it's starting to come, but we haven't been in the place to receive it all en masse, and customers have to get comfortable with it. And also, multi-cloud has to really roll out, and that's going to be another piece of it. So customers are going to have so many excellent choices. They can go in the public cloud, they can go in OCI, they can go in their cloud to customer. They can go in OCI at Azure is one possibility. So there's just -- it is the absolute beginning. Because remember, the Oracle database is not a toy. It's a mission critical system. If it just disappeared at companies, the whole planet would come to a standstill. And so this is coming and it's just the beginning. So you see what's going on with OCI, no one believed us this was possible, now here we're at, and then right behind it is going to come the database, and that's going to be something.
John DiFucci: And per Larry's comments, and I'll stop talking, but for Larry's comments, the database gross margins, given the autonomous nature of it, we should expect that to be different than the OCI core Infrastructure as a Service gross margin?
Safra Catz: Yes, absolutely. Database…
Larry Ellison: I don't want to go into detail, but the autonomous database is, one, autonomous, there's no labor associated with it, but it's also the only database that's fully elastic. In other words, if you're not using it, no one's using it. I mean, there are no cores, there's no cores occupied. It goes back into the pool. So if you as a customer aren't doing something with the database, literally no cores are occupied. It's very different than an Amazon database where you allocate. I always need 64 cores or 64 processors to run my database and that's seven days a week, 24 hours a day. We only charge you for what you use when you're using it. We only consume what you use when you're using it. Otherwise, it goes to other customers. It's totally different. That allows us to have dramatically higher gross margins.
John DiFucci: Thank you very much. Sorry for the several part question, but thank you.
Safra Catz: Our pleasure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much for taking the question. I really appreciate it. I want to change gears a little bit and turn to Cerner, which people don't really focus on that much. Cerner license revenue has been down, likely in preparation for customer shifting to SaaS, but Oracle does not yet have a full multi-tenant scalable Cerner SaaS solution. So what I'd like to ask is couple parts. How should we think about the timing of, one, the availability of -- yep.
Larry Ellison: That's not correct. So Cerner has several pieces.
Mark Moerdler: Okay.
Larry Ellison: And I believe about half the customers will be moved, half of the Millennium customers. You can think that Cerner is just automating hospitals like Epic. And that's a product called Millennium. And about half of those customers will move to OCI by February. Half of all existing customers will be in Oracle OCI. But we've also developed something that began at Cerner. And we have finished now, completely rewritten it. Well, we're in the process. We will finish next calendar year. But it is largely rewritten and available right now, something called our Health and Data Intelligence platform and it was known as Cerner HealtheIntent. And that's for public health. That's for population scale, public health management. Again, it's sold to US states. It's sold to Australian states. It's sold to European countries. It's for managing population health. Remember during COVID when we didn't know, New York thought they were living out of hospital rooms, but they really weren't, but no one knew, because no one kept track of our inventory of hospital rooms. There was no national view. No one knew how many people contracted COVID yesterday. We didn't have that national view. We have that national view. It is fully staffed and it is available right now. So some of the pieces, some of the Cerner pieces are coming online, other Cerner pieces are moving more gradually, but they're all going into OCI. And they're all very quickly moving from a license basis to a subscription basis.
Mark Moerdler: So that's very helpful. So that starts to answer the question I was asking was how should we think about the timing of the transition, Millennium you're saying is going to be an OCI. Is that going to be a fully SaaS version? When will the rest of the solutions be fully SaaS? And how should we think about the revenue lift as the license and maintenance moves to the cloud -- to SaaS?
Larry Ellison: So it will be fully an OCI and SaaS, but it will not be the new, we are rewriting, we are replacing Millennium a piece at a time, not a big lift and shift, but we are upgrading and modernizing Millennium a piece at a time, and different pieces will be available starting next year. And so, Cerner customers will be getting new features and capabilities as a part of Millennium as Millennium moves to OCI. And again, half the customers will be in OCI by February. So we're making a lot of progress. At the same time, we're adding a lot of new products to Millennium, like the public health products. But we're also adding much of new products for pharmaceutical companies. We're adding additional products for hospitals to keep track of their inventory, for hospitals to manage their workforce, really what we think of is our health division in Oracle has products for the entire healthcare ecosystems. Payers, including governments, including insurance companies, providers, including ambulatory clinics and hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, research companies, and public health departments in national governments and state governments. So we have products for the entire healthcare ecosystem, which is a much larger footprint than Cerner ever had. So we are going after a much larger market than Cerner was. So we expect Cerner to be a growth story. I guess that's what I'm getting at.
Mark Moerdler: Right, that's where I'm going with the question.
Safra Catz: Yeah, so let me just tell you, I think for the year, for the full fiscal year, Cerner will be sort of negative 1 to 2 points. But that will be it. It'll end this fiscal year. And from then on, it will be a growth story. So it will no longer be a drag on Oracle growth. Okay?
Mark Moerdler: Perfect. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. It was very helpful.
Safra Catz: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Siti Panigrahi with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Siti Panigrahi: Thanks for taking my question, Larry and Safra. Many mission critical workloads still run on Oracle database, and you have a sticky [Indiscernible] team. And we expect Oracle will start migrating those database workloads to OCI, which will bring 3x revenue uplift, which you call even the third leg of cloud growth. You also have now OCI inside Azure data center. So my question is, how does this being multi-cloud change your outlook for Oracle database? And what are you hearing from your database customer in terms of their comfort and preparedness to move their Oracle database to the cloud, either OCI or Azure?
Safra Catz: Larry, why don't you start with this?
Larry Ellison: Safra, can you go first?
Safra Catz: No, yes, I do. You go.
Larry Ellison: Okay, thanks. Our customers are very happy with the idea. Remember Oracle started as one of the first databases that ran everywhere. We ran on IBM mainframes. We ran on personal computers. We ran on digital equipment, if you remember them, mini computers, [broadly] (ph) and HP mini computers. We ran on every operating system on every computer. Now, in cloud, they're very happy to see that they can not only get the Oracle database at OCI, they can also get the identical capability from Microsoft. Microsoft, we are building data centers for Microsoft inside Azure. And Microsoft, it wasn't us that decided 2000 was the right number of Exadata machines to install in those 20 data centers. That was Microsoft. The demand is enormous. They want the same flex -- our customers want the same flexibility they've always had with Oracle. They want to use Oracle. They want to transition. But if they're using the Microsoft Cloud, they want to run the best and latest and greatest version of Oracle in the Microsoft Cloud. They'd want to do that in other clouds as well. Some of them, it's very important to have it in Japan, for example. It's very important for some of that data remaining in Japan. One of the things the Oracle database does is it runs the Tokyo Stock Exchange. And it does that in a dedicated data center run by Nomura Research, who supplies financial services and Oracle Cloud, Oracle Gen2 Cloud services to the Japanese market. There are a number of other partners in Japan that are going that same direction. So they used to -- in Japan, they used to buy the Oracle database from Nomura or they used to buy it from Fujitsu, or they bought it from Hitachi, or they bought it from NEC. They wanted that Oracle database. It is quite natural for all of those companies to build their own, have their own dedicated regions of OCI and sell to their and support their customers out of those regions. That's the flexibility we allow that's something that nobody else can do. We can build these regions for our partners. We can build these regions for sovereign states. We can build these regions for large companies that want to have -- that don't want their data commingled with anyone else's data. They want a public cloud, they want a full OCI, they want every part of OCI. But they don't want anyone else in their region. They want it to be theirs and theirs alone. We can do that. Nobody else can.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
Siti Panigrahi: Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line…
Larry Ellison: Let me summarize. That means literally any way you want to get Oracle, any way you want to get Oracle, you'll be able to get it. It'll be a little bit back to the future. And we think the impact on demand -- on database demand, we're seeing it already. Let me close with 2,000 Exadata racks. That's a stunning number in terms of how many customers you can put on that. That's tens of thousands of customers you can put on that much hardware.
Siti Panigrahi: Thanks, Larry, for the color.
Larry Ellison: And that's Microsoft alone, okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Alex Zukin: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask around some of the GenAI functionality inside of the applications portfolio, specifically Fusion and NetSuite. Any update or uptick that you're seeing or can share around some of your partnerships around Cohere? Maybe any early feedback from the field that informs incremental value capture, whether or not it's starting to resonate either in the form of increased migration activity, increased market share gains, or increased monetization opportunities around the application portfolio?
Larry Ellison: Yeah, well, we're using it every place. Perhaps the most stunning is our new tele -- again, I mentioned it, and then it's Cerner that we're doing a lot of things that Cerner never did in what is now called Oracle Health. One of those things is our new telecommunication module summarizes a consultation between a doctor and a patient and writes the doctor's notes for the doctor automatically. In fact, for the first time we've done it, we now have our large language model generating the summary without a scribe that the doctor can edit in a couple of minutes. So, it's actually succeeded in doing one of the very hardest tasks we assigned it. And of course, we're using it in all in an -- everything from as simple as doing product descriptions or job descriptions, all of those, you've read about all of those, we've actually got those implemented and are delivering those to customers. But even in the most challenging areas, in drug design, we're having success with pharmaceutical companies. But actually writing the doctor's notes without a scribe has shocked a great many people and well, another area in terms of diagnosing cancer from biopsy, just biopsy images, being able to do that very, very quickly where the patient knows weeks sooner than they would otherwise, and then they get the news weeks sooner, from just the immediate AI processing of the biopsy image, they find out weeks sooner whether they have to go on chemotherapy or whether they're cancer-free. And we're doing that with an Israeli partner called Imaging. So, no, we're seeing a huge uptake of this technology, everything from complex healthcare and health science to more mundane tasks that you find throughout an enterprise, but still very important in making your employees in your company more efficient and more competitive.
Alex Zukin: Got it. And then from a monetization standpoint, do you -- is this monetizing in a copilot way similar to Microsoft, or how do you envision ultimately seeing some of the incremental value capture inside of the model?
Larry Ellison: Well, we think inside of our -- remember we're a little bit different than Microsoft. We have a lot more enterprise applications, for example, in healthcare. We run clinical trials. We run hospitals. We run ambulatory clinics. We run -- we have diagnostic databases for -- image processing databases, conventional blood testing databases, all of those. So our monetization is really at the highest end of the value chain, which is we actually supply the application with our partner that does cancer diagnosis, that does the doctor's notes, that does the doctor's orders, that actually automatically generates the prescriptions, that reminds the patient to take the subscription so you get compliance. Right now, without once again, I can't spend too much time on it. Right now, doctors don't know if patients have refilled their prescriptions. The doctors aren't notified and the patients aren't notified, reminding, we're doing all of that. We're doing a bunch of things with and that's the high end, that's the high value end of AI when you're preventing someone from being re-hospitalized, which has a huge cost in terms of human suffering and money.
Alex Zukin: Okay. Thank you very much.
Safra Catz: Now we have multiple ways, by the way, to monetize it, not only as part of our application, but also as part of our infrastructure. Because one of the unique capabilities we allow is for customers when they use our product to basically use their private data in some of these models for them to learn, but then to ultimately keep control of their data. And this is applicable in many, many different types of applications, and this is a service we provide in addition. So there's just a lot of…
Larry Ellison: Safra is making a very good point in that we have our own applications in healthcare, but we have partners and other companies that come to us to use our AI to enrich their applications. And we keep their data private and allow them to enrich their applications. That company I mentioned earlier, Imaging, that's not our application that does the cancer diagnosis. That's an Israeli company that's doing that, but they're using our AI to develop their healthcare application. So, we monetize through imaging, enabling them to build their AI application. And we also build a lot of our own. So of course, Safra is right. It's a combination of the two.
Safra Catz: Okay.
Alex Zukin: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Safra Catz: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question today comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks so much. Larry, it's taken Oracle several years to reach 66 cloud data centers. And you're now talking about plans to build 100 new ones, which frankly seems very ambitious. What is it that you're seeing that maybe we don't see? And then related, perhaps, Safra, if you could speak to the capital requirements and time frame for that, especially in light of CapEx this quarter, that was a bit less than we had expected? Thank you.
Larry Ellison: Well, okay, how about Microsoft puts an order -- in an order for 20 cloud data centers? That's what we're saying. When one company, as you say, we have 60, by the way, that's a little bit misplaced. That's not quite right. I mean, we have 66 cloud regions and we sometimes use those synonymously. They're not always -- they don't, data center and regions don't necessarily translate one to one. But the -- when someone comes along and orders 20, then that creates a lot of opportunity for us to build more data centers and get more OCI customers because we're building OCI data centers inside of the Azure cloud. So those are the kinds of things we're seeing. We're building our own public regions based on direct customer demand and then we're building partner regions like the 20 data centers from Microsoft. The combination of the two adds up to 100.
Safra Catz: Yeah, and also one of the things is in that number, it doesn't include the many, many clouded customers, which started small, and now companies have decided they want their own region. So they had a clouded customer, which is smaller, and they decide, no, no, no, now I want a dedicated region of my own. I get it. This is working. I've saved millions, tens of millions, sometimes hundreds of millions. Now I want my own. Also really, it is absolutely true, we did not bring up as much capacity as we could have used this past quarter because we had to make some audible calls on the field to decide how to allocate, whether to build something small which was available, which I could have recognized revenue in right in the quarter, or instead to go much bigger and to wait until some larger capacity was going to be available to hand over to me. So as I think I've hinted and we're talking about demand, had we had capacity this quarter in the hundreds of millions of dollars more that was just sitting there waiting to take it, and we had made some deployment choices because we need more and we need it bigger, instead of taking small pieces or smaller pieces, we decided to focus on the bigger parts and try to also treat our customers fairly and work with them to meet their needs.
Larry Ellison: Let me give you one example of that, what Safra is describing, is we got enough Nvidia GPUs for Elon Musk's company xAI to bring up the first version, the first available version of their large language model called Grok. They got that up and running. But boy did they want a lot more. Boy did they want a lot more GPUs than we gave them. We gave them quite a few, but they wanted more and we are in the process of getting them more. So, the demand, we got that up pretty quickly. They were able to use it, but they want dramatically more. There's this gold rush towards building the world's greatest large language model. And we are doing our best to give our customers what we can this quarter, and then dramatically increase our ability to give them more and more capacity each succeeding quarter.
Brad Zelnick: Thanks very much.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Brad. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Emma for closing.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-09-11 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. And now, I would like to turn the conference over to Ken Bond. Please go ahead.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's first quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from our investor relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison, and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. As you know, 22 years ago today was a traumatic day for our country. Like many of you, it feels like yesterday when the country lost nearly 3,000 souls. And we at Oracle, we lost 11 employees. I remember exactly where I was when the tragedy unfolded, and it is still so hard speaking about it even all these years later. Today, we honor and remember each one of the victims and heroes and we hope that their memories are a blessing to all of us. Now before I go to our Q1 numbers, I thought it would help to start with some of the things that are going on at Oracle that you'll be hearing about over the next couple of weeks. Next week, we have Oracle CloudWorld, which will showcase the latest innovations, including AI on OCI, the progress of Oracle Autonomous Database, our multi-cloud strategy, the use of Oracle Analytics throughout our portfolio to drive better decision-making and the use of generative AI to differentiate Fusion, NetSuite and our industry application. Now, CloudWorld is our marquee event each year where current and prospective customers take time out of their busy calendars to join us in person and share their experiences. We know that there are no better spokespeople for our products and services than our existing customers. Our innovation results directly from our development teams interacting with customers to anticipate and build the next generation of products and services. Some of the customers you will hear from next week include NVIDIA, Uber, Ascension Health, Cohere and many, many, many, many more. You'll also hear from our expanding set of strategic partners that are driving the Oracle ecosystem and this includes Amdocs, VMware, Microsoft. Overall, it's remarkable the interest we are getting from the ISV community to work with Oracle. There are a lot of discussions going on and you will see more announcements shortly. From a financial standpoint, we see this customer and partner ecosystem as a leading indicator of our income statement. I've been talking with you about our revenue acceleration for some time now. In Q1, our remaining performance obligations or RPO, climbed to nearly $65 billion, with the portion excluding Cerner, up 11%. We have now signed several deals for OCI greater than $1 billion in total value. In the first week of Q2, we booked an additional $1.5 billion in business, which isn't even included in the Q1 numbers. Approximately 49% of total RPO is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. My point here is that customer momentum is continuing to build. This momentum is turning into bookings and that gives me the confidence that our annual revenue growth will continue to accelerate moving forward. Now to the Q1 results, which I remind you, I am announcing on day 11, only because day eight when we were ready was a Friday and I know none of you like that. So this quarter we saw a modest currency tailwind, but as always, I'll discuss our financials using constant currency growth rates. Clearly, Q1 was another great quarter with total revenue at the midpoint of guidance and earnings per share $0.02 above the high-end of guidance and our cloud growth was 29%. Total cloud revenue, SaaS and IaaS, excluding Cerner, was $4 billion, up 29%. Now including Cerner, total cloud revenue was up 29% also at $4.6 billion, and with our IaaS revenue at $1.5 billion, up 64%, and SaaS revenue of $3.1 billion, up 17%. Total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter was $9.5 billion, up 12%, driven again by our strategic cloud applications, Autonomous Database and our Gen2 OCI. Application subscription revenues, which includes product support, were $4.5 billion, up 11%. Our strategic back-office SaaS applications now have annualized revenue of $6.9 billion, and they grew 20%. Infrastructure subscription revenues, which includes license support, were $5.1 billion, up 14%. Infrastructure cloud services revenue was up 64%. Excluding legacy hosting services, Gen2 Infrastructure cloud services revenue grew 72% with an annualized revenue of $5.6 billion. OCI consumption revenue was up 91%. Exadata Cloud Services revenue was up 46% and Autonomous Database was up 42%. Database subscription services, which includes license support, were up 6% highlighted by cloud database services which were up 44%. Very importantly, as on-premise databases migrate to the cloud, we expect these cloud of database services will be the third leg of revenue growth alongside strategic SaaS and Gen2 OCI cloud services. Software license revenues were $0.8 billion, down 11% following an amazing Q1 last year of 19% growth, which made it a tough compare this year. So in all, total revenue for the quarter were $12.4 billion, up 8% including Cerner, up 9% excluding Cerner. Shifting to margins. The gross margin for cloud services and license support was 78%, with IaaS gross margins improving substantially from last year. And while we’ve continued to build data center capacity, we've also seen our IaaS margins go higher as these new cloud regions fill up. We monitor our expenses very carefully to ensure our gross margin percentages expand as we scale up. To this point, gross profit dollars of cloud services and license support grew 9% in Q1. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.1 billion, up 12% from last year. The operating margin was 41%, up from 39% last year. As we continue to benefit from economies of scale in the cloud and drive Cerner profitability to Oracle standards, we will not only continue to grow operating income, but we will also grow the operating margin percentage. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 18.8%, and non-GAAP EPS was $1.19 in US dollars, up 16% in USD, up 14% in constant currency. The GAAP EPS was $0.86 in USD. At quarter end, we had nearly $12.1 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance was $11.1 billion, up 5%. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was up 9% to $7 billion, while free cash flow was up 21% to $5.7 billion and I expect that we will see a very good result in our free cash flow for the rest of the year. Over the last four quarters, operating cash flow was $17.7 billion, up 68% and free cash flow was $9.5 billion, up 76%. Capital expenditures were $8.3 billion over the last four quarters and we are clearly beginning to see the cash flow benefits stemming from our cloud transformation. CapEx was $1.3 billion in Q1 as we continue to build capacity for bookings and our customers’ growing needs. Given the demand we have and see in the pipeline, I expect that fiscal year 2024 CapEx will be similar to this past year's CapEx. As always, we remain careful to pace our investments appropriately and in line with booking trends, which is why our gross margins are up in our cloud business. We now have 64 cloud regions live with 44 public cloud regions around the world and another six being built, 12 of these public cloud regions interconnect with Microsoft Azure. We also have nine dedicated regions live and 11 more planned, nine security regions and 12 EU sovereign regions live with increasing demand for more of each. And of course, we have many, many clouded customer implementations. The cost advantages, sizing flexibility and deployment optionality of our cloud regions continue to make us so compelling in the marketplace to customers. As we've said many, many times before, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividends. This quarter we repurchased 1.3 million shares for a total of $150 million. In addition, we paid out dividends of $3.9 billion over the last 12 months and the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share. Now before I dive into Q2 guidance, I'd like to share some thoughts on what I see longer-term. Per my earlier remarks, we have a great line of sight into the trajectory of the business, given the bookings momentum. We are extremely confident about our revenue acceleration for the year, even though in any quarter there may be small fluctuations. Because we have far more demand than we can supply, our biggest challenge is building data centers as quickly as possible. In addition, we are in an accelerated transition of Cerner to the cloud. This transition is resulting in some near-term headwinds to the Cerner growth rate as customers move from license purchases, which are recognized upfront to cloud subscriptions, which are recognized ratably. Again, excluding Cerner, I remain committed to accelerating our total revenue growth rate this fiscal year as well as maintaining our current high cloud growth rate for the year. And as you will hear at our financial analyst meeting next week, we remain firmly committed to our fiscal '26 financial goals. Let me now turn to my guidance for Q2, which I'll review on a non-GAAP basis. If currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have a 2% positive effect on total revenue and a $0.03 positive effect on EPS in Q2. However, the actual currency impact may be different. Here we go, total revenues including Cerner are expected to grow from 3% to 5% in constant currency, and are expected to grow 5% to 7% in USD at today's rates. Total revenue excluding Cerner are expected to grow from 6% to 8% in constant currency and expected to grow 8% to 10% in USD. Total cloud revenue excluding Cerner, again, I give you these numbers, so you can see the mainline business, is expected to grow from 27% to 29% in constant currency and is expected to grow 29% to 31% in USD. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 5% to 9%, and be between $1.27 and $1.31 in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 7% to 11% and be between $1.30 and $1.34 in USD. My EPS guidance for Q2 assumes a tax rate of 19%. However, one-time tax events could cause actual tax rates to vary. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. So, is generative AI is the most important new computer technology ever? Maybe, and we are about to find out. Self-driving cars, computer-designed antiviral drugs, voice user interfaces. Generative AI is changing the automobile industry, the pharmaceutical industry, how people communicate with their computers. Generative AI is changing everything. As of today, AI development companies have signed contracts to purchase more than $4 billion of AI training capacity in Oracle's Generation 2 cloud. That's twice as much AI training as we had booked at the end of the last Q4. I'm also very pleased to announce that Exai has signed the contract to do training in Oracle's Gen 2 Cloud. The largest AI technology companies and the leading AI startups continue to expand their business with Oracle for one simple reason, Oracle's RDMA interconnected NVIDIA superclusters train AI models at twice the speed and much less than half the cost of other clouds but growth in our AI cloud infrastructure business is not the only exciting news we have to report at Oracle. Our cloud applications business is doing quite well and it's about to get even better. In the current quarter we expect our Cerner Health business to be awarded two large new contracts with a total value of over $1 billion. And I’m now able to announce that all nine utility companies owned by Berkshire Hathaway are in the process of replacing all their existing ERP systems, and standardizing on Oracle's Fusion Cloud applications. Let me conclude with a few words about our database business and our upcoming announcement with Microsoft later this week. We will be substantially expanding our existing multi-cloud partnership with Microsoft by making it easier for Microsoft Azure customers to buy and use the latest Oracle cloud database technology in combination with Microsoft Azure cloud services. Satya and I will discuss the details of our expanding partnership at Microsoft headquarters in Redmond on the 14th. Please tune in, and thank you. Back to you, Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Larry. And maybe, Ken, we could start taking questions at this point.
Ken Bond: Absolutely. Before we do that, Lisa, just one quick clarification, that we currently have two EU sovereign regions live with more to come. Lisa, please poll the audience for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks very much, and congrats on the strong start to the year. Larry, I think it's fair to say that you understand the laws of data gravity better than anyone and you have monetized this fundamental concept as well as anyone over the years. And I recently heard someone say, we are moving from a world of data gravity to one of AI gravity, and I'm not sure exactly what that means, or they even knew what that meant, but with AI and other use cases attracting more and more data to central clouds, with many vendors preaching data sharing instead of what used to be making multiple copies of things and keeping them synchronized, does AI plus cloud in any way break what we've always understood about data gravity? And what does that mean for Oracle?
Larry Ellison: Well, you can't build any of these AI models without enormous amounts of training data. So if anything, what AI -- generative AI has shown that the big issue about training one of these models is just getting that -- this vast amount of data ingested into your GPU supercluster. It is a huge data problem in the sense you need so much data. To train -- OpenAI to train ChatGPT 3.5, they read the entire public Internet, they read all of Wikipedia, they read everything, they ingested everything. And to specialize, and you take something like ChatGPT 4.0 and you want to specialize it, you need specialized training data from electronic health records to help doctors diagnose and treat cancer, let's say, and we are partners. Imaging for example, that is ingesting huge amounts of image data to train their AI models. We have our own -- another partner of ours in AI, ingesting huge amounts of electronic health records to train their models. AI doesn't work without getting access to and ingesting enormous amounts of data. So in terms of a shift away from data or a change in gravities at AI, AI is utterly dependent upon vast amounts of training data. Trillions of elements went into building ChatGPT 3.5, multiple times that for ChatGPT 4.0 because you have to deal with all the image data and ingest all of that to train image recognition. So we think this is very good for our database business, and Oracle's new Vector database will contain highly-specialized training data like electronic health records, while keeping that data anonymized and private, yet still training the specialized models that can help doctors improve their diagnostic capability and their treatment prescriptions for cancer and heart disease and all sorts of other diseases. So we think it's a boon to our business, and we are now getting into the deepwater of the information age. Nothing has changed about that. The demands on data are getting stronger and more important.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you so much for your perspective, Larry.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Thank you so much. So Larry, companies are starting to understand that OCI has a very fundamentally different architecture than anything else out there in the market because of the non-blocking, low-latency network design. I'm wondering, if you think it's possible to actually pull further ahead through some of your other initiatives. For instance, the Azure Interconnect, it sounds like you're going to expand that. Having more regions, running a stronger database, providing greater isolation, just wondering if you think there is a possibility of extending the lead?
Larry Ellison: Well, again, our -- we have -- we are on our second generation of data center, and our second generation of cloud. Now a lot of people notice that we were a little bit late to the party, but that's because we moved from a generation which we were not very happy with to a second generation, which we think solved a lot of problems the other cloud companies have not yet solved. So the non-blocking ultrafast RDMA network is not only useful for AI -- training AI models, it's useful for almost everything. It's certainly useful for building a much faster database. It's useful for, in terms of the automation level we have in our data centers, our data centers are 100% automated. They configure themselves. They run themselves. We don't have a lot of labor. Now that saves us a huge amount of money, a lot of labor cost is saved. But the biggest advantage is, if you don't have human beings involved, you don't have human labor, you don't have human errors. You don't have mistakes. You can ensure security. Most security problems are caused by people that make mistakes or people that engage in mischief. We don't have that in our data center. That's another huge advantage. Our data centers are -- because they're all identical, the only way we could automate them was to make them all the same and they vary only by scale. There are big ones and small ones, but they are identical, they all have the same hardware pieces and the same software pieces. They all have the same automation and that automation allows us to put these data centers in very small countries. We expect to have many, many more data centers than any other cloud provider. But we also put those data centers at customers. Nomura Research, NRI, which resells Oracle Cloud capacity in Japan has two dedicated regions and are building two more. They run the Tokyo Stock Exchange. I don't know of any clouds that are running stock exchanges other than ours. And, again, it's because of the extreme reliability and security that we get with all of the automation that's included with our data center. So we have cost advantages, we have performance advantages, we have security advantages. And that's why we are growing much faster than any of the other hyperscalers.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays Capital.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you. Larry, you mentioned Berkshire, and them moving over to Fusion. I just wanted to talk in -- more bigger picture on the back-office systems, like, in the olden days, back-office, you wouldn't touch, in kind of tougher times because they are big complex project. But you guys are still kind of growing this nicely with over 20%. Like what are you seeing there? And do you see a change in pipelines, change in customer interest of doing something there? Thank you.
Larry Ellison: Yeah, well the back-office in the cloud is very different than the back-office on-premise. And we have a big advantage that we are by far and away the biggest. I don't know, 95% of the cloud ERP market in terms of actual live customers using it. And we have an important partnership with JPMorgan Chase and we'll be announcing some more partnerships in the financial community at the upcoming CloudWorld, where we automate a lot of e-commerce, B2B e-commerce right in the cloud. So what is B2B big e-commerce between two Oracle Cloud customers, two Oracle ERP cloud customers? It's one Oracle procurement system talking to another Oracle order management system and financing the transaction through their bank. We automate that entirely in the cloud. If your bank is JPMorgan Chase, they originate the loan right along with your purchase. It’s e-commerce for B2B, with banking and shipping and insurance, all included and rolled together. No one -- we've done a great job as an industry, automating e-commerce for B2C. I mean, Amazon, Walmart, others have done a brilliant job in that. We've been doing that for a long time. We have not got the equivalent in B2B commerce because B2B transactions are much more complex. In the cloud, you can get all the parties together, the shippers, the insurance company, the manufacturers, the purchasers and we can automate that entirely within the Oracle Cloud. One ERP system talking to another, talking to their bank, talking to their insurance, doing a loan origination, getting it shipped and insured. So we make doing business much easier for our customers when they move to a modern cloud ERP system versus the on-premise ERP system that came before.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you so much for taking my question. The top-of-mind questions I'm getting are related to AI in general as you'd expect and were specifically as it relates to Oracle, what the impact of AI will be on OCI Gen 2. Two related parts to the question. The first is the profitability of AI supercomputers and whether if some clients try to tell me, it's low-calorie, empty-calorie revenue or can you maintain margins as this business grows? And the second part is about the Oracle ecosystem, and is it strong enough that its workloads transition from model training to inferencing and grounding, could AI compute create a revenue air pocket or [is the ecosystem] (ph) strong enough so you don't have that. Thank you.
Larry Ellison: Well, if you're -- you're constantly training these models. Keep in mind, you have to bring in new data if you're in -- obviously in the healthcare field, in the legal field, new cases are being judged, new researches being published all the time and for your AI models to be relevant they have to be up-to-date. So it's not that you train and then do nothing but inferencing thereafter. So you're training and your inferencing sit right next to each other. As long as we can do this stuff twice as fast as everybody else that's on the -- not just on the training side, that's also on the inferencing side, then we are going to be half the cost or better. So we think we are going to be very, very competitive across the board whether it's training or an inferencing. So we don't -- so we are pretty confident that we've got a cost-performance advantages. Again, if you run twice as fast in the cloud, you cost half as much because you pay by the hour. So the performance advantage is really an enormous cost advantage for us. We don't see that going away anytime soon, and it applies to inferencing as well as well as training. Now as far as GPUs, are GPUs a low-margin business? Not for a 100% automated cloud with very, very low cost. We think, in some cases, our prices for GPU training, which are very profitable by the way, for us, but are often lower -- our prices are lower than the cost of other hyperscalers doing the training.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you, guys, and thank you for taking the question. I wanted to drill in on Cerner, basically, the one-year anniversary of that acquisition. And maybe from Larry, get an update on where we are with modernizing that solution and modernizing that product? And basically then whether Cerner has kind of lived up to your expectations thus far? And then maybe for Safra. If we could dig into the expense synergy side of the equation, you guys have done a great job increasing margins on a year-on-year basis in this quarter, how much is left to go within Cerner and getting that margin profile to match the broader Oracle margin profile?
Larry Ellison: Okay. I'll talk about the progress on taking the existing Millennium’s Cerner software and moving it to new Millennium. We basically rewriting that software piece at a time by the way. It's not going to be a big rip and replace it all. There's a two-phase process with Cerner. The first thing is to get the lift and shift and get the existing system hardened, which we've done and moving the customers to the cloud, which we are in the process of moving everybody to the cloud. That will give them better performance, better security and new features will then start showing up with the system. And so there's a two-phase shift to the cloud, we are well on our way. The next is replace feature after feature after feature of the older Cerner system with a new Cerner system, new Millennium, which we are not coding in Java, like we usually do. The new Cerner system is being generated, as you know, generative AI generates code. We have an application generator called APEX. And we are not writing code for the new Cerner. We are generating that code in APEX, and it's going extremely well. Again, one of the great things about code generators is they don't make mistakes. Well, either they make the same mistake over and over again or once you fix the mistake, you fix it everywhere. So the code gen -- we are using a code generator, and to write the new features in Cerner and it's coming along very, very nicely. Also on the business side of things, we -- again, we think that Cerner business is going to get stronger and stronger again, Safra made the point. The old Cerner business you'd sell licenses. You sell a big contract and you get a big chunk of revenue in that quarter. Our new business model, as you know is cloud, so we get a big Cerner award and we get that money now over time rather than all upfront. So that's, if you will, a bit of a revenue headwind, but the Cerner business is doing extraordinarily well.
Safra Catz: And on the expense side, we still have a ways to go, but I think it will become more obvious to you next quarter the changes we've made, as they play out through the income statement more clearly. And so you'll have a better comparison, Q2 to Q2, which will be a full non-deal quarter for you to look at. But you know us, we are always looking to save as much as we can, and to spend as little while still really transforming Cerner into a modern system in its entirety.
Larry Ellison: Let me let me just reinforce what Safra just said. We love to save money. One of the things we did with our data centers is we automated them. We -- what we saved labor costs and we saved -- we have better security and better reliability because we eliminated human error. With Cerner, the rewrite of Cerner, it's not armies of programmers that are going be rewriting this. We are generating the new Millennium software using APEX. And that's also going to save us a lot of human labor and generate higher quality code and higher quality user interfaces and better security all at once.
Keith Weiss: Helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We will take our last question from John DiFucci with Guggenheim.
John DiFucci: Thank you. My question is for Safra, I think. Safra, if the organic constant currency cloud growth was in line with what you did last year and what you want to do for this year at 29%, while license, though it was a difficult comp it was a bit weaker, at least than the street was expecting. And I also -- we also realize that cloud revenue for the same amount of business booked will be a lot less than the equivalent license revenue in the quarter. But does this mean we are seeing a move with stronger momentum to the cloud this quarter than we have seen? And I guess just to clarify, given your guidance for the second quarter, you said you're maintaining your longer-term. Safra, I just wanted to clarify. Are you maintaining your constant currency organic cloud guidance for the year?
Safra Catz: Yes, okay. Let me start with yes. And as I want to remind you of course, I want to remind you 29% of bigger numbers is more. Okay. So, you know, last year we were smaller, and this year we continue to plan on doing the 29% may be better, all of it is dependent on us getting our data centers filled up and built out as fast as possible. The level of demand we have is stunning. Stunning is the only word I can use, and I don't want to get over overly exuberant simply because we do have to continue to build out our systems, et cetera. And so yes, a very strong momentum to the cloud, and again with the focus we told you. We are bringing our customers to the cloud and that's going to have us focusing on growing that and stronger momentum there.
John DiFucci: Okay, great. Very clear. Yes and yes. Got it. Thanks.
Ken Bond: All right. Thank you, John, and thank you, Lisa. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Lisa for closing.
Operator: And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-06-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Oracle Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. Today’s call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ken Bond. Please go ahead.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Lisa. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be cause actual results to differ from what we are talking about today. Throughout today’s discussion we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. As you can see, Q4 was another fantastic quarter and the end of a great year. But before I get to the numbers, I'd like to go over our journey to get here. Three years ago, I shared with you that our own business transformation had reached a crossover point as our fast growing businesses had eclipsed the size of our declining businesses. And as a result, this would inevitably drive revenue growth acceleration going forward. Now, I don't blame you for not believing me at the time. Fiscal year 2020 growth was zero. Well, as you can see, this has played out with organic revenue growth accelerating significantly. And that's despite the closure of our nearly half a billion dollar Russia business. Since fiscal year 2020, our strategic back office SaaS business has more than doubled in size. And consumption of our Gen 2 cloud infrastructure service is now seven times larger. And while competitors have seen their growth rates drop precipitously over the last year, our cloud infrastructure growth rate has essentially doubled from last year to 77% this quarter and with Gen 2 OCI growth even higher. And we're far from done. In fact, I just told my team, I think we're at about the middle of the beginning. Looking ahead, I see even more growth opportunities that should help power future growth acceleration in the future. We remain committed to the fiscal year 2026 targets that we shared with you last fall at our financial analyst meeting. And our exploding AI demand leaves us significant upside. Our momentum has been driven by two fundamental differences from our competition. One, highly differentiated technology. And two, a much better customer experience. Firstly, our cloud applications are very popular with a growing base of customers in part because we are the most modern, comprehensive, and innovative set of apps across back office, CX, and industry applications. We implemented AI machine learning capabilities years before anyone was talking about it. And it helps our customers run their businesses every day. To complete the picture, we can serve customers of any size around the world from small businesses on NetSuite to global enterprise on Fusion in all industries. Having the best cloud application technology has helped us grow the business to $11 billion in SaaS revenue while expanding gross margins. On the infrastructure side, we're seeing more and more media articles reporting on the unique capabilities of OCI and our database technologies. Larry will explain our unique differentiation in a moment. But the result is that customers are choosing to run on Oracle infrastructure for all their requirements, be they new services like AI training or services we're known for, like database and Java. To complement the technology, we've changed our culture such that we are totally focused on our customers' success. That partnership spirit starts with engineering as we work hand-in-hand with companies as they try out our technology and continues all the way through their success with us. There's no question that this close partnership with our customers has led to our success. As part of that, we've also created an organization called Customer Success Services, or CSS. This group ensures that customers get the most value from their Oracle purchases, from planning to activation to implementation to support to anything else they need to succeed. We think this unique approach, which customers already tell us they love, ultimately drives overall customer satisfaction, and that results in higher renewal rates, expansion rates, and referencing. Now, I'll turn to Q4. As always, I'll discuss financials using constant currency growth rates, and also provide a full picture. I'm going to share with you results, including and some excluding Cerner, so that you have it all. Total cloud revenues, SaaS plus IaaS, was $4.4 billion, up 55%, with IaaS revenue of $1.4 billion, up 77%, and SaaS revenue of $3 billion, up 47%. Excluding Cerner, total cloud revenue, SaaS plus IaaS, was up more than 33%, at $3.8 billion. Total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter was $9.4 billion, up 25%, driven again by our strategic cloud applications, autonomous database, and our Gen 2 OCI. Application subscription revenues, which include product support, were $4.4 billion, up 37%. Application-specific revenues, including support, but excluding Cerner, were $3.4 billion, up 11%. SaaS cloud revenue, again, excluding Cerner, was $2.4 billion, was up 17%. Our strategic back office SaaS applications now have an annualized revenue of $6.6 billion, and grew 24%, including Fusion ERP, up 28%, and NetSuite ERP, up 24%. Together, our strategic back office businesses are now larger and have grown faster than our local competitor for four straight years. Infrastructure subscription revenues, which also include support, were $5 billion, up 15%. As mentioned already, infrastructure cloud services revenue was up 77%, excluding legacy hosting services. Infrastructure cloud services revenue grew 89%, with an annualized revenue of $5.2 billion, including OCI consumption revenue, which was up 112%. Cloud at customer consumption revenue was up 60%, and autonomous database was up 47%. Database subscription revenues, which include database support, were up 6%, highlighted by cloud database services, which were up 41%. As on-premise databases migrate to the cloud and cloud at customer, we expect these cloud database services will be a third leg of revenue growth and revenue growth acceleration, alongside back office SaaS and Gen2 OCI cloud services. Software license revenues were $2.2 billion, down 14%, following the 25% growth we saw a year ago in Q4. So, all-in total revenues for the quarter, including Cerner's revenue contribution of $1.5 billion, were $13.8 billion, up 18%. Shifting to margins, the gross margin percentage for cloud services and license support was 78%, as a result of the mix between support and cloud. Last year, Oracle license support revenues, with its mid-90s gross margins, represented about 62% of cloud services and license support revenue, and now it's down to 53%. But this is happening because our cloud services are growing much, much faster than license support, even as license support continues to grow. Most importantly, gross profit dollars of cloud services and license support grew 19% with Cerner, 10% excluding Cerner in Q4. Additionally, I would note that IaaS gross margins improved substantially from last year, and I expect IaaS gross margins will continue to improve. While we have continued to build data center capacity, we've also seen our margins go higher as these new cloud regions fill up. Non-GAAP operating income was $6.2 billion, up 12% from last year. The operating margin was 44% as we continued to integrate Cerner. As we drive Cerner profitability to Oracle standards and continue to benefit from economies of scale in the cloud, we will not only continue to grow operating income, but we will also grow the operating margin percentages. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 9.2%, and the non-GAAP EPS was $1.47 in U.S. dollars, up 8% in USD, 10% in constant currency. The GAAP EPS was $1.19. For the full fiscal year, total company revenue was $50 billion, up 22%. And excluding revenue, total revenue grew 7%. Total application subscriptions were 35%, and 10%, excluding Cerner, compared to 8% last year. And total infrastructure grew 10%, compared with 5% growth last year. Clearly, our revenue growth continued to accelerate again this year as investments into our cloud businesses are paying off. Total cloud services and license support revenue was $35.3 billion, up 21%. Total cloud services by itself were up 50%, to $15.9 billion. And excluding Cerner, total cloud services were up 29%, to $13.6 billion. And with revenue growth acceleration in both strategic back office cloud applications, which were up 27% for the year, and cloud infrastructure services, which were up 63% for the year. Non-GAAP EPS was $5.12 in USD, up 4% in USD, and up 10% in constant currency. The full year operating margin percentage was 42%. At quarter end, we had nearly $10.2 billion in cash and marketable securities. And the short-term deferred revenue balance was $9 billion, up 9%. Operating cash flow for the quarter was up 42%, at $5.6 billion. While free cash flow was up 46%, at $3.7 billion. Now over the last four quarters, operating cash flow was $17.2 billion, up 80% from last year, as we're now seeing cash flow benefits from our cloud transformation. With capital expenditures of $8.7 billion this year, free cash flow was $8.5 billion, up from $5 billion last year. And I expect that we will see very good results in our fiscal 24 free cash flow. The remaining performance obligation, or RPO balance, is $67.9 billion, up 47% in constant currency, due to strong cloud bookings as well as Cerner. I would also note that organic RPO was 15% in constant currency, as a result of our customers burning through their commitments at a heightened rate. I expect that you'll see this number run up as customers reload and new customers sign up. Approximately 49% of total RPO is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. CapEx was $1.9 billion in Q4 and $8.7 billion for fiscal year 2023, as we continue to build capacity for existing bookings and our customers' growing needs. Our investment strategy for adding capacity remains to build many, many identical cloud regions. Our starting point is smaller, which allows us to go where competitors cannot. And this continues to be an advantage for us. Given the demand we have and see in our pipeline, I've increased our CapEx projection and I now expect the fiscal 2024 will be similar to this year's CapEx. I also expect our Gen 2 OCI business will have another excellent year of revenue growth as existing centers fill up and new centers come online. As always, we remain careful to pace our investments appropriately and in line with booking trends, which is why our gross margins are up in our cloud. We now have 42 public cloud regions around the world with another 7 being built. 12 of these public regions interconnect with Microsoft Azure, giving customers true multi-cloud capabilities. We have many, many clouded customer implementations, 10 dedicated regions, and 9 more planned. And lastly, we have 9 national security regions live with immense demand for more. As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovations, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt, and a dividend. This year, this fiscal year, we repurchased 17 million shares for a total of $1.3 billion. In addition, we paid out dividends of $3.7 billion over the last 12 months as the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share. Now to guidance. And as I've said before, our fundamental principle is to grow EPS while substantially increasing cloud revenue growth. Let me turn to my guidance for Q1, which I'll review on a non-GAAP basis like everything else. If currency exchange rates remain as they are now, currency should have a 0 to 1% positive effect on total revenue and a $0.01 positive effect on EPS in Q1. However, actual currency impact may be different. Total revenues for Q1, including Cerner, are expected to grow from 7% to 9% in constant currency and are expected to grow from 8% to 10% in USD at today's exchange rate. Additional upside depends on how fast we can put out even more capacity to our customers. Total cloud revenue, again, excluding Cerner, is expected to grow from 28% to 30% in constant currency and 29% to 31% in USD. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 8% to 12% and be between $1.11 and $1.15 in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 9% to 13% and be between $1.12 and $1.16 in USD. My EPS guidance assumes a base tax rate of 19.5. However, as you see nearly every quarter, one-time tax events could cause actual tax rates to vary. Now, before I finish, let me also give you some initial thoughts on fiscal year 2024. As I described, and Larry will elaborate in depth, we are seeing unprecedented demand for our cloud services and especially our AI services. As a result, I expect cloud revenue, excluding Cerner, will continue growing at at least similar rates to what we experienced in fiscal 2023, even though our base is much bigger and may be higher. As our high-growth cloud revenues are becoming a larger, larger portion of total revenue, we are seeing an acceleration of our total revenue growth. I expect this trend will continue in fiscal 2024. And of course, we also expect to deliver a higher non-GAAP operating margin percentage this coming year as well. Okay. Before I hand off to Larry, I want to take a moment to thank our customers for making fiscal year 2023 such an enormous success. You've been wonderful partners, and we thank you for your trust in us. And I want to thank our employees for being focused on advancing our customers' missions so spectacularly. Some of you are new, and many of you have been with us for years, in fact, even decades. And I think you all see that our best days are, in fact, ahead of us. Thank you for your loyalty and for your incredibly hard work. And thank you, Larry, our CTO, our Chairman, and our founder for leading with brilliance, determination, and vision, and allowing us to all be part of this incredible journey, which is just getting started. So thanks, Larry. And with that, I'll turn it over to you for your comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. The hardware and software in Oracle's Gen2 Cloud is fundamentally different than other hyperscalers' clouds. The CPUs and GPUs we rent to customers are interconnected using an ultra-high-performance RDMA network, plus a dedicated set of cloud-controlled computers that manage security and data privacy. Oracle's unique set of hardware and software building blocks enable our Gen2 Cloud to deliver much higher performance than any of our cloud competitors. And in the cloud, since you pay by the minute, if you run twice as fast, and we do, you pay half as much. What is especially interesting in today's world is that all of Oracle's cloud data centers have a high-bandwidth, low-latency RDMA network that is perfectly optimized for building the large-scale GPU clusters that are used to train generative large-language models. NVIDIA themselves are doing AI development in the Oracle Gen2 Cloud. And we are partnering with NVIDIA to build the world's largest high-performance computer, an AI computer, with 16,000 GPUs. The extreme high performance and related cost savings of running generative AI workloads in our Gen2 Cloud has made Oracle the number one choice among cutting-edge AI development companies, including Mosaic ML, Adept AI, Fouhear [Ph], Modal Labs, Character, HyperReal, SliceX, Vector Space Bio, Falconry, Respeacher, Altair, InfoWorld, 12 Labs, Layton Space, plus many, many others. In the aggregate, our generative AI cloud customers have recently signed contracts to purchase more than $2 billion of capacity in Oracle's Gen2 Cloud. One last thing. In partnership with Cohere Oracle is launching a generative AI cloud service for enterprise customers. This new service protects the privacy of our enterprise customers' training data, enabling those customers to safely use their own private data to train their own private specialized large language models. Oracle's application development teams were early adopters of this new AI cloud service. We used our own private data to improve and extend the training of existing Cohere large language models. This supplementary training resulted in two new specialized large language models, one for medical professionals and one for first responders. Specialized large language models will be instrumental in helping highly trained professionals use their precious time more efficiently. As I said, Cohere and Oracle are working together to make it very, very easy for enterprise customers to train their own specialized large language models while protecting the privacy of their training data. Over the next few years, lots of companies are going to train their own specialized large language models. Our partner, Cohere, is also using the Oracle Gen2 Cloud for training their own large language models. In health care alone, specialized large language models will speed the discovery of new life-saving drugs, improve the quality of patient care, and increase access to health care by lowering costs. A technology revolution is dawning. Back to you, Safra.
Safra Catz: I think we're going to take some questions. Ken?
Ken Bond: Yes, thank you, Safra. Thank you, Larry. Lisa, if we could please prepare the audience for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from John DiFucci with Guggenheim.
John DiFucci: Thank you. My question's for, I think, mainly for Safra, but maybe Larry has some thoughts, too. It's somewhat surprising to see the acceleration across all your cloud businesses when others, whether it's the other hyperscalers or even other cloud-based vendors, are seeing just the opposite effects in this environment today, in today's environment. And that's important. We get the better performance at a lower price. That makes a lot of sense, at least in, I've been around quite a while, I guess. And usually, in tough environments, we see people just freeze. But that's not what's happening here. So the question, in addition to what I just said, better performance at lower price, why? Is there anything else, outside of like Oracle, even, that would show your cloud business accelerating when other pretty good companies are doing just the opposite?
Safra Catz: Let me take a start at it. And Larry, you add in here. First of all, the fact that OCI is just growing and accelerating is because customers want to spend less. And they also need to do more. They need to stay competitive. They need to stay agile. And so our technology, whether it's our applications, which allow them to spend a lot less and make better decisions running their business, so that's very, very natural. So our Fusion, and there's just so many things about Fusion that are so compelling. It costs less, it just helps them run their business. But then you go to OCI, where some of these customers are coming from our competitors. And as Larry said, imagine, Larry talked about the workload being twice as fast on OCI. But imagine it's 10 times as fast, or 100 times faster, or as is common in some cases, 1,000 times faster. So imagine what that bill looks like. So we have compelling technology at a much lower price. And that's without a doubt causing our customers to move to us more quickly. I don't know, Larry, if you want to add into that.
Larry Ellison: Well, I'm just going to be a little more specific, because Safra says, I said, if we run twice as fast, we cost twice as much. No, we cost half as much, half as much. We run twice as fast, we cost half as much. But sometimes we do run a lot more than twice as fast. And we cost a lot less than half as much. We announced a new database, a new version of MySQL with a fast query processor called HeatWave. And we have customers moving from Amazon Aurora, where they're experiencing 1,000 times speedup, versus Aurora, we're 1,000 times faster in query processing than Amazon's version of MySQL. It's an open source database that we added a fast query processor to. We're much, much cheaper. And that's one example. In a lot of cases, it's much more than two to one. We can build GPUs that other people can't build because we have a fast network. We use this very fast RDMA network, and we started with that. In our Gen2 cloud, we had nothing but our entire network was a super-fast network, which means most of the applications, most of the things you run in the Oracle cloud are going to be much faster than our competitors' clouds because they don't use that kind of network. So we have huge cost advantages, huge cost advantages across a broad portfolio of applications. Let me throw in one thing. It cost one-tenth, one-tenth to implement Fusion ERP versus SAP's new ERP system with HANA. So the cost of implementing our applications are dramatically lower than our competitors. So we have a lot of people moving from AWS to our cloud for infrastructure services, a lot of people continuing to move from SAP to Fusion. We're seeing that migration, and we're taking a lot of market share from our competitors. That's why we're doing better, and they're not doing quite as well.
John DiFucci: Okay. Well, thank you, and really nice job. Thanks.
Larry Ellison: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank.
Brad Zelnick: Great, thank you so much. Congrats on a strong finish to the year. Larry, Oracle is somewhat unique in being a leader in both infrastructure and applications. And when we look back, I don't know, maybe five years from now, how much of the generative AI opportunity will have been captured on the infrastructure side of your business versus within apps? And I'm not just thinking strategic back office apps. I'm thinking front office, Cerner, and all the other verticals as well.
Larry Ellison: Yes, absolutely. It's very hard to answer that question. A long time ago, I said the biggest difference between - the biggest strategic difference between Oracle's cloud and everyone else's cloud is actually not the RDMA network. That's a technical difference. The biggest strategic difference is that we do both that we use our infrastructure and build applications with it. So we learn a lot about how we can improve our infrastructure by building lots of applications, enterprise-scale applications, on top of our infrastructure. So we have this continuous feedback loop. We're building applications, obtaining insights, making improvements in our productivity. We have a new programming language. We have Java, and we love Java. We use it a lot for building applications. But we have this other low-code application development tool called APEX. And we're now building a lot of our applications in APEX. And our productivity gains are, again, a factor of 10. And we build the applications in one tenth the time, or one tenth the amount of people, or at one tenth the cost. But these are not typical low-code applications. These are applications that can scale to millions of users and all over the world. So most low-code applications are for small projects. We use them for applications we've rolled out globally. And we've made our underlying infrastructure, the APEX development environment, the underlying APEX database, which is the Oracle Autonomous Database, has made our application developers dramatically more productive. It's one of the reasons why we bought into the idea that we could rewrite a whole suite of medical applications in a very, very short period of time, that we could redo Cerner very, very quickly because of these underlying tools. Let me close with one last thing. Again, we use AI technology to make our database better. And it's an autonomous database. You don't need DBAs. It recovers itself. It updates itself. It adds more space. It really is a self-driving database. We've used AI technology to do that. We've used AI technology throughout our cloud, where our cloud is self-healing. We repair bugs while the cloud is running. We have an autonomous Linux operating system that's different than all of the other Linuxes. You can patch it online. It patches itself online. It repairs itself online. So again, by being in those two businesses, applications and underlying infrastructure, we again, use our infrastructure and make it better to make our applications better and we gain insights as what we need to do with our, what we need to add to our infrastructure to make the applications better. So, infrastructures make the applications better, applications make the infrastructure better. We're the only company with that continuous feedback loop and I think it gives us a huge competitive advantage in technology. It's why we have technologies that other people don't have.
Brad Zelnick: Very helpful, color. Thank you, Larry.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Siti Panigrahi with Mizuho.
Siti Panigrahi: Thank you and congrats on a great quarter. I want to dig into the application part of the business. Very impressive SaaS growth, especially in Fusion Apps and Cloud ERP in this macro environment. So, what are you hearing from your customer in terms of migrating to the SaaS application and what's driving that? And also, the CloudWorld last year, you talked about the opportunity in combining horizontal application with vertical offering. So, how is that helping SaaS growth?
Safra Catz: Okay. Well, I will tell you that there's no question. Our secret weapon is the fact that we have vertical applications also. Many of our customers end up wanting to buy a vertical application and Fusion together and it's industry by industry. We will be posting online probably some of our wins for the quarter, but what you'll see is when we have existing customers in a segment and a vertical application in that, we truly are, without a doubt, the most popular. Whether it's healthcare with all of our existing customers, whether they be Cerner customers, the fact that we have ERP and HCM, SCM, all of our horizontal applications, CX, as well as the vertical applications, it makes us very tough to beat. New healthcare wins are going to be listed many, many, many go-lives, the same in financial services, retail, hospitality, these whole segments end up wanting to buy their entire solution from us. And that really makes us also very sensitive to their needs and we can fill them much better. So, that's been a big winner for us. And I will tell you that our customers also, when they move from on-premise, they realize that they're moving into the 21st century with a much better system, but also a much lower cost system that also is kept current every 90 days. New capabilities become available. They'll never have to do that big implementation every five years like some of the older companies who say they're cloud, but aren't actually cloud. They're just hosted. So, our products are just so differentiated all around that we're just building momentum around the world. Go ahead.
Larry Ellison: Let me just add one example to Safra's comments, which I think are right on. But there's an interesting example. Everyone knows we compete with Workday in HCM or HR, whatever. When we bought Cerner, we decided that we were going to take our HCM system, our HR system, and specialize it, add features specifically for the healthcare industry. Now, it turns out managing a workforce in a hospital is very complex because the nurses might have private patients at home that they're seeing. They might work for two or three different hospitals. They might do some work in clinics as well. So, scheduling these people who have multiple jobs, doctors may have teaching assignments in universities. Obviously, they travel and they also have their own office hours. They may have a private practice in addition to working at the hospital. Scheduling these professionals is very, very tricky. Recruiting the professionals is very, very tricky. Paying them when you're working three days a week, one week, two days the next week, six days the following week, paying them can be very complex. So we have had a major effort in our HCM system, the Oracle Fusion HCM system, and adding all the features that hospitals need to manage their professional staff. Now, there's no way, there's no way we would have done that unless we had a focus in the healthcare industry. So we not only have all the Cerner healthcare apps for hospitals, we've specialized our ERP system for hospitals, we've specialized our HCM for managing the hospital workforce. We've done a bunch of things around the healthcare industry. One of the things we want to do is, we're the largest provider of clinical trial software. But the clinical, the results of the clinical trial goes to a government regulator. And we're now working with the government regulators to develop the software that allows them to take the clinical trial output in digital form and get it through the regulatory process much faster at a much lower cost. So we're looking at the entire healthcare ecosystem and trying to automate both sides of the transaction. The pharmaceutical company that's designing the drug, the hospitals that are testing the drug, and the regulators that are approving the drug should all be digitized. And we are well on our way to doing that because of our investment in Cerner. And now what has blossomed into an investment across the entire healthcare ecosystem.
Siti Panigrahi: That's a perfect example, Larry. Thank you both for the color.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thank you. Could I switch gear a little bit? A question for Safra. Safra, we now have Cerner in as part of Oracle. Where are we on the cost, on the synergy capture and cost takeout? And so are we, do you see we are done there or are we kind of still at the beginning of a journey? Thank you. And congrats for me as well.
Safra Catz: Thank you. I actually feel like we're still at the beginning if you want to know the truth. We wanted to stabilize the operation. We definitely didn't want to risk breaking anything. You will be seeing some more significant changes and we have legal entity combination imminently and that actually gives us a lot more flexibility regarding the way we operate the business. We are just at the very beginning of it. Their margins are nowhere close to the way we run our company and we are right at the, I'd say we're at the beginning-ish, sort of at the beginning of the middle at most. We've got a long way to go on just operationally and we've got a lot of work going on on the development side as we bring our technical capabilities into the product and move them into the Oracle Cloud. There are a lot of savings as we do that also.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Safra Catz: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much for taking my question. Congratulations on the quarter and frankly on the guidance. I'd like to get a better understanding about the underpinning of the OCI Gen 2 business. Specifically, can you give us some color on the customer concentration, industry concentration, both in the existing customer base as well as the pipeline and how you think that's going to change over time? Thanks.
Safra Catz: I don't know, Larry, if you want to take a stab at it. The reality is that our customers run from very small to very large. As a general matter, we're a small percentage of their IT costs when they get started and sometimes a small percentage of their cloud spending. As they try us out, they move larger percentages of their business off of other clouds or from on-premise. We're at the very beginning of this movement, especially on the database side as more and more of our customers, our big customers often have cloud a customer or dedicated regions is sort of their ultimate goal for their most critical database workloads. We're at the absolute beginning of that with most of our customers. It's basically what we find is if you give us a chance, it is so much better, so much more cost effective, of course, so much more secure that customers very quickly realize how advantageous it is to move. It's all industries. As some of you know, auto companies are doing their simulations with us. It's really across industries, across sizes. It's very, very diversified. Larry, I don't know if you have additional comments.
Larry Ellison: Yes, maybe the most interesting industry that's adopting the Oracle Cloud are people who are in the technology business. So a lot of our customers are, I mean, their business, I mean, Zoom, in the early days of Oracle, it wasn't long ago we were talking about Zoom and still very excited about Zoom. And they came to us, one of our earliest, very, very large customers. And a lot of their business is just running an app, if you will, an application on the cloud. And a huge amount of their expense is running that application in the cloud and doing it efficiently. And where we're most obvious, I mean, NVIDIA is an extraordinary company, but Cohere is a great company. But a lot of their expense is running AI training in the cloud. And when it's that much of your expense, if we're a lot faster, they do a lot of due diligence about the technology. And it became very apparent, a lot of the early adopters, if you will, and we're still in the early stages, a lot of the early adopters at scale of the Oracle Cloud were highly technical companies like a Zoom or an NVIDIA, I can name a bunch of others, or a highly technical industry like phone companies, telecommunication companies, where they see the advantages, not only, by the way, the performance and cost advantages. Another thing that we're very proud of is because of our network, we're highly reliable. And because of the autonomy, we're highly reliable. If, for example, the Oracle Autonomous Database doesn't lose your data, because you can't make a pilot. Usually a lot of the data loss is caused by pilot error. Well, with the Oracle Autonomous Database, the driver is the system. It's a self-driving database. So you can't make a human error that causes you to lose data. So it's very, where a phone company has to be up 24 hours a day, where a bank really is not supposed to lose your data, where a huge percentage of your expenses are your own cloud expenses, and your technology company delivering technology services from somebody else's cloud. In those areas is where we've seen adoption of Oracle at scale. And the less technical companies are now beginning their journey of looking more closely at the Oracle cloud. And when they do look closely, we compare very favorably with the other clouds.
Mark Moerdler: That's very helpful. I really appreciate it.
Operator: And we'll take the last question from Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Hi, thanks very much. Just a quick one for Safra, if I could. Safra, obviously, a very strong free cash flow quarter. We've gotten some questions from investors wondering about the CapEx this quarter, where you saw some efficiencies, how you're able to keep CapEx flat going into next year, given the fact that you're going to seeing this great demand for OCI. So could you double click on that a little bit for us? Thanks.
Safra Catz: Yes. I mean, this past year was a big CapEx number as compared to usual. And we put out a lot of capacity. It is getting filled up, and getting used up. And I think we're getting real economies. In addition, one of the things you don't realize is that our underlying infrastructure, for example, I'll give you one example, our underlying infrastructure becomes more and more efficient, even under the best example actually is under Fusion. As we move, as we've moved to OCI, we are also moving to Autonomous Database Serverless, which again gives us added capacity. So we're constantly, constantly becoming more efficient. Our original landing was 12 racks. We're moving to 10 racks to have all the services. We're just continuing to sort of miniaturize our capabilities and it's giving us enormous efficiencies and cost savings. So staying the same as this year, again, if it just becomes overwhelming, it may go up higher, but I think we've got it very much in hand. We've laid out a lot this past year and I think if we stay where we're at, we're going to be able to fit a lot more workloads within that envelope, straightforwardly.
Kirk Materne: Great, thanks and congrats on the order.
Safra Catz: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Safra. Thank you, Kirk. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us on the call today and with that, I'll turn the call back to Lisa for closing.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-03-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Emma, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Oracle Corporation's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]  Ken Bond, Senior VP of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Emma. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from the Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks.  And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz : Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. Q3 represented another great quarter with continued momentum on the top and bottom line. But before I get to the numbers, I want to share with you a few thoughts that explain what's behind our continued financial success. First, our cloud offerings drive operational efficiency. In fact, one of our competitors recently coined the term, the Oracle playbook, which I absolutely love, because the Oracle playbook is all about doing more while spending less. As you all know, we started this ourselves over 20 years ago and have kept it up over all these years, resulting in the highest margins in the software business for decades. Using our own products and services enables us to increase our investments for growth, while also growing profitability, including through acquisitions as well as during our move to the cloud. We are constantly talking with our customers about leveraging Oracle technology to accelerate their speed to market and reduce cost, all the while improving the experience they deliver to their customers. The combination of Oracle's infrastructure and apps, which is unique in the cloud market, increases the intensity of business transformation. Cloud is no longer about just renting commodity white boxes. It's about velocity and value. We have become the enterprise technology vendor of choice because we have products and services that help our customers drive cost efficiencies and modernize their businesses. Second, while AI has been dominating the recent news cycle, the truth is that our Fusion and Infrastructure customers have been using AI as an integral part of their business for some time. Oracle Fusion, with embedded AI, enables customers to close their books in days, not weeks. Oracle AI provides more relevant sales leads. Oracle AI increases infrastructure performance and security with no human intervention. And customers using OCI get AI as a service to help drive their own business transformation. Given our scale and our information advantage across industries and technologies, we are constantly training our applications to do more for our customers, whether it's further what our customers get when they use our platform. And on our Gen 2 OCI platform, the architecture and unique network capability has fast become the platform of choice for many AI companies because OCI runs workloads faster. And time is money in the cloud. So coming to us saves our customers money. Third, customers are putting Oracle's comprehensive and powerful ways to accelerate their businesses. The Uber win was notable because we have yet another example of an industry-transforming company concluding that Oracle's cloud, performance and security exceeds that of our competitors and at a price point that represents a sustainable long-term partnership. Uber will use more of our technology to drive value in their own business. And you're going to see a rising list of these types of strategic wins pile up in the quarters to come. Finally, before I move to the numbers, and hopefully, no one missed this fact, that we're announcing our earnings nine days after the close of the quarter, and we expect to file the Q right away. We continue to set the standard in operating efficiency which helps customers see what's possible when they are working with us.  Okay. Now to the Q3 results. As always, I'll discuss them using constant currency growth rate to provide a full picture both organically and otherwise, I'm going to go over the revenue results, including Cerner, and then some revenue results excluding Cerner. Total cloud revenue, that's SaaS plus IaaS, including Cerner, was $4.1 billion, up 48% in constant currency, with IaaS revenue of $1.2 billion, up 57% and SaaS revenue of $2.9 billion, up 44%. Now excluding Cerner, total cloud revenue was up 28% in constant currency at $3.5 billion. Total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter, including Cerner, was $8.9 billion, up 20% in constant currency, driven again by our strategic cloud applications, autonomous database and our Gen 2 OCI. Application subscription revenues, which includes support, were $4.2 billion and up 33% in constant currency. Infrastructure subscription revenues, also including support, were $4.8 billion, up 10% in constant currency. Application subscription revenues, including support but excluding Cerner, were $3.4 billion, up 8% in constant currency. SaaS cloud revenue, again, excluding Cerner, was $2.3 billion and was up 16%. Our strategic back-office SaaS applications now have an annualized revenue of $6.2 billion and grew 25% in constant currency, including Fusion ERP, up against 28% and NetSuite ERP, up 26% this quarter. As mentioned already, infrastructure cloud services revenue was up 57% in constant currency. And when you exclude our legacy hosting services, infrastructure cloud services revenue grew 65%, with an annualized revenue of $4.4 billion, including OCI consumption revenue, which was up 86%, cloud customer consumption revenue, up 73%, and autonomous database, up 50%. Database subscription revenues, which include database support, were up 3% in constant currency, highlighted by cloud database services, which were up 40%. Database's subscription revenue is largely made up of on-premise database support. But as these databases migrate from on-premise to the cloud and cloud customer, we expect these cloud database services will be the third leg of revenue growth alongside back-office SaaS and Gen 2 OCI cloud services. Software license revenue, including Cerner, were $1.3 billion, up 4% in constant currency. So all in, total revenues for the quarter were $12.4 billion, up 21% in constant currency. Excluding Cerner's contribution of $1.5 billion, organic revenue was up 7% in constant currency. As a reminder, we no longer operate in Russia, causing organic revenue growth to be negatively affected by 1% of growth over last year. Shifting to margins. The gross margin for cloud services and license support was 79% as a result of the mix between support and cloud. Last year, Oracle license support revenue with its mid-90s gross margins represented about 63% of cloud services and license support revenue. Now because our cloud services are growing so fast, it's down to 55%. Additionally, I would note that IaaS gross margins improved substantially from last year, and I expect IaaS gross margins will continue to improve. While we have continued to build data center capacity, we've also seen our margins go higher as these new cloud regions fill up. Most importantly, gross profit dollars of cloud services and license support grew 13% with Cerner and 6% excluding Cerner. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.2 billion, up 11% from last year. The operating margin, including Cerner, was 42% as we continue to integrate Cerner in the quarter As we drive Cerner profitability to Oracle standards and continue to benefit from economies of scale in the cloud, we will not only continue to grow operating income, but we will also grow the operating margin percentages. For example, while we have only owned Cerner for three quarters, we have already improved its operating margin by over 5 percentage points compared to before the acquisition. And by the way, I actually expect this year, FY 2023, the one we are closing out in one more quarter, will be the trough year for operating margins and percentages as our margin improvement initiatives play out. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 18.4% and non-GAAP EPS was $1.22 in U.S. dollars, up 8% in USD, up 13% in constant currency. GAAP EPS was $0.68 in U.S. dollars. At quarter end, we had nearly $8.8 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance was $8.6 billion, up 14% in constant currency. Over the last four quarters, operating cash flow was $15.5 billion, and free cash flow was $7.3 billion with capital expenditures of $8.2 billion. Operating cash flow for the quarter was up 11% at $4.3 billion. The remaining performance obligation or RPO balance is $62.3 billion, up 66% in constant currency due to strong cloud bookings as well as Cerner, which Larry will discuss in a moment. I will also note that the organic RPO growth rate was 26% in constant currency. Approximately 48% of total RPO is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. CapEx this quarter was $2.6 billion as we continue to build capacity for existing bookings and our customers' growing needs. Given the demand you see reflected in the RPO as well as what we see in our pipeline, I expect that our CapEx investments will be about where it is right now for the foreseeable future. As always, we remain careful to pace our investments appropriately and in line with booking trends. We now have 41 public cloud regions around the world with another 8 being built. In addition, 12 of these public cloud regions interconnect with Azure, giving customers true multi-cloud capabilities. We have many cloud customer implementations, 10 dedicated regions and another 9 national security regions with increasing demand for more.  As we've said before, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares for a total of $150 million. In addition, we paid out dividends of $863 million in the quarter. And the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 25% from $0.32 to $0.40 per share. Our financial strategy remains focused on growing non-GAAP operating and pre-tax income while substantially increasing cloud revenue growth. And given increasing customer interest in our cloud technologies, we will continue to prudently invest to meet this demand. As a reminder, because now we're going to talk about Q4, last Q4, we had a spectacular double-digit revenue growth rate, highlighted by 25% constant currency growth in software license. With our continued migration to the cloud, we expect that we will continue to win big deals that are more subscription driven than license driven. These big subscription wins add to the backlog and are recognized over time rather than upfront. That is exactly what we want to see as our cloud business continues to see excellent growth. So now let me turn to my guidance for Q4, which I'll provide on a non-GAAP basis. Now assuming the currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency would have a 2% negative effect on total revenue and at least 3% plus negative effect on EPS in Q4. But as I say every quarter, the actual currency impact may be very different by quarter end. Okay. Here we go. Total revenues for Q4, including Cerner, are expected to grow from 17% to 19% in constant currency, and thus are expected to grow 15 to 17 in USD. Total cloud growth, including Cerner, is expected to grow from 51% to 53% in constant currency, 49 to 51 in USD. I expect total cloud growth for Q4, excluding Cerner, will be above 30% in constant currency. I expect growth in operating profit to be double digits. As you all know, my non-GAAP tax rate guidance is typically 20.5. However, our tax rates over the last two years and Q4 have averaged around 11%, and I anticipate that in Q4, the most likely outcome is a non-GAAP tax rate of around 14.5%. And we've used this rate in determining our EPS guidance for Q4. Now mind you, that's comparing it to 11 or 10.5, I think, last year. Regardless, like past quarters, the actual tax rate for Q4 could be higher or lower and affect our actual EPS. With that, non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 3% and 5% and between $1.59 and $1.63 in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 1% and 3% and be between $1.56 and $1.60 in USD.  What have I got here? Anyway, as I've said before, Cerner will be accretive to earnings this year, including Q4. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison : Thank you, Safra. Since June of last year, when we acquired Cerner, that business has increased its health care contract base by approximately $5 billion. We have signed a diverse set of new and expanding domestic and international customers, including the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, hospital groups in a dozen U.S. states, multiple hospitals in the United Kingdom, multiple provinces in Canada, the Australian Defence Forces, multiple hospitals in Puerto Rico and multiple countries in the Middle East. While we are pleased with this early success of the Cerner business, we expect the signing of new health care contracts to accelerate over the next few quarters. Well, the Cerner business has been booking billions of dollars in Millennium Clinical and electronic health record systems for hundreds of hospitals and ambulatory clinics. The overall Oracle Healthcare application portfolio is actually much broader, covering virtually the entire health care ecosystem. Hospitals are also buying the Oracle Fusion ERP system to manage their revenue cycle and from reimbursements -- from insurance companies to patient billing, plus their medical supply chain from ordering to inventory. Hospitals are buying Fusion HCM to manage their complex high-value workforce of doctors, nurses and technicians. Pharmaceutical companies are buying Oracle Clinical One to manage clinical trials. Government health organizations, public health organizations are using aggregated EHR data to monitor infectious disease and respond to outbreaks quickly and efficiently. Now I'd like to take a couple of minutes and go over a little more specifically some of the Cerner wins since we bought the company. One was a huge win at Labcorp and Ascension Health to deploy a single lab information system domain for 96 separate hospital-based labs across 10 states. Another one in Puerto Rico, Auxilio Mutuo, is an all-new electronic health record footprint to deploy in a 600-plus bed academic private hospital, replacing Altera, Paragon with Cerner Millennium. Vandalia Health, formerly Charleston Area Medical Center, consolidated all their EMRs into a single unified domain and added four new hospitals. UHS modernized their revenue cycle, migrated to CareAware with the CareAware Cloud and -- for their hospitals and ambulatory clinics. Banner Health implemented a complete revenue cycle management for their health business. The VA deployed our unified electronic health record system to 19 additional sites. The Department of Defense deployed Oracle Cerner EHR to all the OCONUS locations in the Department of Defense, the U.S. Department of Defense. In the UK, at the National Health Service, Sheffield Teaching Hospital deployed the full suite of Cerner applications across three additional sites and the Sheffield Teaching Hospitals. The Princess Alexandra Hospital, also in the NHS, is a 430-bed hospital that added the full Cerner suite. Mubadala Health was the first Cerner Millennium client to move from the Cerner data center directly now to the OCI Cloud. As we move our Cerner patients from the Cerner data centers into the Oracle OCI Cloud, we expect to get much better security, much better reliability, much better performance and dramatically lower our costs of providing that cloud service. OCI is just much more efficient than the Cerner data centers that we acquired. We've deployed the full EHR footprint, Cerner footprint to four Sheikh Khalifa Hospitals in the U.A.E. with a capacity of 1,200 beds, serving a population of 1.4 million citizens, again, in the U.A.E. The Australian Department of Defense, we delivered acute care capabilities and deployed an environment for all of the Australian Defence hospitals and field hospitals. In Canada, starting in Nova Scotia, we deployed a one-patient, one-record EHR system across the province for the citizens of Nova Scotia. One-patient, one-record, as you know, I've discussed a long time the fact that patient electronic health records are scattered across every provider they visit. That problem is now being solved in Nova Scotia by having a single unified patient record for every patient regardless of which provider they visit. Their records are still all in one place. Same thing in Niagara Health, a new HR footprint to support delivery of care for 450,000 citizens, again, in Canada. Okay. I'm going to stop with that. I mean those are direct Cerner wins since we acquired Cerner. But on top of that, we have all of the -- all of -- if you will, the rest of the health care suite, which is made up of Oracle ERP, Oracle HCM, Oracle Clinical One for clinical trials. Oracle ERP for managing everything from procurement and inventory, the entire supply chain or HCM from managing the enormously complicated scheduling and paying of their professional workforce and doctors, nurses, technicians, et cetera. We're very strong in this part of the business. Our customers include the Cleveland Clinic, who use our ERP system in their hospitals and our supply chain systems; the Mayo Clinic, also ERP, supply chain and HCM to manage the workforce; Mount Sinai Hospital, ERP, SCM and HCM; then Providence St. Joseph Health, ERP, SCM, HCM and actually -- and CX customer engagement; Adventist Health, Adventist Health uses Oracle ERP, SCM, HCM and CX; Kaiser Permanente, a huge Oracle HCM user, to manage their workforce; the NHS in the UK, ERP and SCM; UnitedHealthcare, ERP and HCM; BlueCross BlueShield, ERP, HCM, HCM and CX; Humana, ERP and SCM; Highmark Health, ERP, SCM, all Fusion products or HCM; Health Care Service Corporation, you see a pattern here, ERP, HCM and CX; Independence Blue Cross, ERP and HCM; Bright Health Care, ERP. Now in this past quarter, we had major wins at Ascension Health buying ERP, HCM, SCM and HCM, where the primary competitor in HCM was Workday. As we add specific features to manage the health care workforce to our HCM product, Oracle becomes more and more successful in selling our HCM products within the health care ecosystem. So our win rates are going up dramatically. Our sales cycles are going down. University of Texas Health in San Antonio was a big HCM win there. Labcorp bought ERP and HCM, where the competitor in ERP was SAP. And the -- we won BlueRock Therapeutics, where they bought ERP, SCM and Fusion Analytic Warehouse. Again, the competitor there was SAP. And this, by the way, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bayer AG. So it was nice to win in a German company, German-owned company, ICU -- against SAP. ICU Medical expanded their HCM for vascular therapy and oncology. Dexcom, ERP, EPM, SCM; Sitel, ERP, EPM, SCM, a winner over SAP. We had some huge go-lives in the quarter. Providence Health, huge SCM customer, rolled out to 12 additional ministries. The National Healthcare in the UK, supply -- I have all the trust -- all the trust hospitals are all now live with ERP. Baptist Healthcare has now 10,000 employees live on HCM; Texas Children's Hospital, 21,000 employees live on HCM. Kelsey-Seybold Clinics are now completely live in HCM. I can go on and on, but rather than doing that, I'm just going to turn it over -- back over to Safra.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Emma, if you could please poll the audience for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: With the slowdown we're seeing across so many IaaS PaaS vendors over the last couple of quarters and especially this quarter, why has OCI Gen 2 held up so well? You have born in the cloud customers, which you're seeing weakness elsewhere, you have enterprises. Is it simply low price? Is it performance? Is it you're at the right time in the economic cycle to be capturing new customers? Is there some dynamics around expiry credits that you're -- that are driving this? The difference is too stark. I think it's really important. So the more color you can give, the better.
Larry Ellison : All right. I'd like to take a crack at that. So I'll start by check with Jensen over at NVIDIA. He and I had a very interesting conversation. Oracle's Gen 2 Cloud is quite different than the other hyperscalers. We have an RDMA network, a non-blocking RDMA network. Our network is very much faster than the other guys' network. What this means is if you're running a large group of NVIDIA GPUs in a cluster doing a large AI problem at Oracle, we can build these AI clusters, these NVIDIA GPU clusters and run them. We can build those things dynamically because we use -- our standard network supports the clustering, the large clustering of GPUs and allows them to communicate very quickly. So we can create these groups of GPUs. We can marshal them together. The other guys can't do that. They can build clusters, but they actually literally are physically building a new cluster. They're building new hardware. Our existing hardware, standard network, allows us to group these things together dynamically, these GPUs together dynamically, to attack AI problems. No one else can do that. So we have a lot of business, a lot of new AI companies coming to Oracle because we're the only ones who can run their workloads. And by the way -- and we are cheaper. But so we're faster and we're cheaper. Let me give you an example where we use it ourselves. We have a partnership in health care -- back to this health care thing. We have a partnership with health care with MD Anderson Hospital, and one of our independent software vendors called Ronan, where we built these AI -- disease-specific AI modules that make recommendations to doctors about care. And then what they really say at MD Anderson, if we see a patient with these symptoms, this is how we respond. And that's a big AI model that's built by MD Anderson working with Ronan running in the Oracle Cloud. And we've actually shown or I should say MD Anderson has actually shown, if you use the system, you reduce hospital admissions and readmissions by 30%. That's a stunning number. People talk about ChatGPT being really cool because they can write my high school essay for me. Well, how about reducing the hospital readmissions at MD Anderson by 30%? You decide which is more important. But AI is fabulous stuff, yes. And ChatGPT is very cool. There are other applications other than generative language in these large language models. We've really focused on on health care in the last year or so since the acquisition of Cerner and are working diligently with others to apply AI to health care and especially the management of the complex diseases like cancer. This is a cancer AI system. But we're also doing wellness, heart disease, et cetera, down the road. We think -- so our platform runs AI very, very well because we create these clusters of GPUs that we -- that can attack big problems very quickly. We do it economically, then we build the applications on top of that. We provide the service to a lot of the startups in the AI world. This is one example of where we're just way ahead of the other hyperscalers in terms of our network and our ability to do AI. Let me point out one last AI thing. The Oracle Autonomous Database doesn't have any database administrators. It's completely self-driving. The Oracle Autonomous Database is self-driving because it is driven by -- it is an AI module that is the DBA. We've replaced the DBAs with AI inside of our own cloud. The Oracle Autonomous Database actually it runs all the databases inside of the administrative part of our cloud, keeps track of all of our users, our billing, all of those things, recovery data sets, all of that stuff is now done using AI and our autonomous database. So we're a huge consumer of AI. We're a huge vendor of AI, GPU capacity, clustered capacity is -- we build AI modules in health care. And people are coming to us. NVIDIA is often recommending us as the best cloud for AI, and this is a good time to be there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy : Thank you, Larry. My question was very much related to that, but maybe from a slightly different angle. I'm wondering if you could drill into the opportunity that you do see on the generative AI side? We're repeatedly hearing that companies are running those kinds of models on OCI. NVIDIA is moving some of those workloads to the Oracle Cloud. And the other concept being that these AI models are so data hungry and that you have all the data already contained in the Fusion applications. I am curious if that piece of it, the generative AI piece, is something that you see lining up as a growth driver that is material overall on the entire business.
Larry Ellison : The answer is absolutely yes. There's actually more demand for AI processing than there is available capacity. So -- and we're the only ones, again, that can dynamically -- and by the way -- and we're short. We are expanding as fast as we can. It's really -- it's an exciting opportunity, but it's challenging when there's more demand than supply. But the great -- the difference with us is our standard network allows us to group together these GPUs and have them attack these problems. Whether it's a medical diagnostic problem or it's a generative language problem, a la ChatGPT. So we have a lot of ISVs seeking us out because we have the -- not only do we have the most cost-effective solution, we can make the solution available to them very quickly because it runs on our standard network. So they can -- we can create a cluster for them, they run their workload. And the moment their workload is through running, we can reallocate that cluster or break that cluster up and allocate it to other users. The other guys can't do that, they can't do it dynamically.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derrick Wood with TD Cowen.
Derrick Wood : Thanks for taking my question and I'll echo my congratulations, especially on sustaining very high OCI growth. Larry, one area we've been doing more work on is how cloud vendors can help transform the telco market, including migrating their IT infrastructure and their network operations to the public cloud, which should lead to greater efficiencies and also give them a more effective platform to roll out new 5G and edge application services. I know you guys touched on this a bit at last year's Analyst Day, but I was just hoping to get an update on how you're thinking about that telco opportunity with the Oracle Stack, especially with OCI? Who's some of the telco operators you're partnering with? And how you see this playing out over the next couple of years? Yes. This is an exciting business for us. I mean, we're actually creating dedicated data centers for Vodafone. I'm not sure how many we've already built as yet. But if you will, Vodafone is moving a substantial part of their business into the Oracle Cloud. And again, we have this ability to build data centers for customers. And those data centers are OCI data centers that we run for them, but they are dedicated to workloads at a particular customer. Nomura, the first of them we built a few years ago in Japan for Nomura. And they have a primary and now they have a backup, they run the Tokyo Stock Exchange on that, and they sell it into financial services in Japan. But that's an OCI data center that we built for Nomura, where they're reselling the capabilities. Vodafone is again another example of someone who were building dedicated data -- these are OCI data centers that we run there. In our constellation of data centers, they look like all the other OCI data centers. They're automated like all the other OCI data centers. So we take advantage of those economies of scale and that skilled labor that runs them. And a lot -- again, a lot of it is AI, but a lot of it we still have human beings. We've done that for Vodafone. Same thing with DISH Network's entry into telephony is enabled by similar architectural approach using OCI. I can go on and on. But we have -- but it's one of our industries of emphasis. And I think you'll see us -- and that's going to be a huge area of growth for us. As telcos, we've always been very strong in telcos. And now they're beginning to move to the cloud. And we're seeing some major commitments from some of our largest customers around the world. We're also seeing financial services companies take a slightly different point of view, but where they want to keep things, if you will, "on-premise." But since we can build an OCI region and dedicate it to a bank, there we're doing more, if you will, call it, clouded customer where we built a dedicated region for a financial service. Nomura was an example, Nomura in Japan, but there are other examples. We build these clouds for banks.  So I mean, huge industries moving to the cloud in a slightly different way than other industries, not moving to public cloud, but rather preferring to have these dedicated regions. So it's just their application, just their applications in this cloud. We have the ability to do that. Again, the Amazon does not, and Microsoft does not, and Google does not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Guggenheim.
John DiFucci : I think this question is for Safra. We've heard a lot about your committed cloud mega deals, but you sometimes have talked about pure consumption or pay-as-you-go deals. Other vendors that employ the pay-as-you-go model, such as Mongo and even Snowflake, to some extent, who had been getting a ton of traction in the market, have either seen or they anticipate dramatic slowdowns. We haven't seen anything like that in your results at all and certainly not in your guidance. But can you talk about your exposure to such deals and how they're progressing?
Safra Catz : So as Larry was touching on it, we have many, many enterprise customers, phone companies, banks, governments who make commitments to us as part of their move to cloud. So we do have some pay-as-you-go customers, but the bulk of our revenue, first of all, our SaaS revenue, as you know, you implement an accounting system, you're not going to pay less tomorrow. You still have to run your accounting system. So the SaaS side of the business, again, is fully committed. And then because we have so many important enterprise customers who are bringing basically their crown jewels into our cloud and had been waiting really for us to be in the position to receive those, they want to have a two-way commitment. They want to know that we have the capacity for them, and they want to get a slightly better price. So first of all, those that go into the public cloud, whether it's Telecom Italia or Verizon or some of these others, they obviously would like a better price, so they make commitments to come in, usually committing less than they expect to use, and almost always, over using more than they expected. However, other customers have cloud customers, as Larry mentioned, or other different arrangements, the alloy arrangement where we have a combination with the telco or a data center provider, those are all committed. And so we're very -- we're very strong in the commitments from our customers. And by the way, they want to make sure we have available capacity back for them because many of them get rid of their data centers when they're finished. And that's the ultimate goal for them. They don't want to be running back and forth. These aren't toy workloads. These are critical workloads for their business, and they want to know that they've got a place to put those.
John DiFucci : So the commitment is these -- a lot of these, it sounds like these people are committed to ramping up to the full capacity of their data center and not until they do that, do they shut down for the most part their -- the data centers they're replacing?
Safra Catz : Yes. 
John DiFucci : Okay.
Safra Catz: Yes. Just so that we're clear here. Pay-as-you-go at Oracle is less than 5% of our business. Okay?
John DiFucci : Okay.
Safra Catz : Okay. Is that helpful?
John DiFucci : That's very clear. Thank you very much, Safra.
Operator: Your last question today comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank.
Brad Zelnick : Larry, as I think about the strong momentum in Cerner, expanding the contract base by $5 billion and your expectations for the business to accelerate, can you parse through the drivers in terms of new logo win rates versus the expansion in cross-sell you're doing with Fusion, for example? And then also, Larry, you touched on the idea of a single medical record. People have been talking about this for decades. When does it become clear that Oracle is helping improve the quality of care and saving lives? And I've got a quick follow-up for Safra if Ken will allow.
Larry Ellison : Well, I think there are two things. One is the system we're putting in for the DoD and for the VA is one patient, one record. So that's a model of it. The one going in, in Nova Scotia is the same. We are bidding on a huge contract for the NHS. Again, some of these contracts are enormous and the responsibility to go along with the contracts is also enormous. But our system, that's how our system works. Our standard system that we have built is one patient, one record in the database. So if you visit Stanford and UCLA and Mayo Clinic and Cleveland Clinic, even if you go to these four different providers for a variety of different issues, all of your data will be in one database. All your patient data will be in one place immediately accessible in a time of emergency or just a routine visit to the doctor. That's how our system is architected. That's how we're delivering it to us to customers right now. It's attracted a lot of attention. Actually, it's not only much better for the patient, helps deliver better -- gives doctors better information, deliver better outcomes, but it's also less expensive to do it that way than every hospital maintaining their own system to -- rather -- it's better that they should share a system in the cloud and integrate their data for the benefit of the patient. Saving lives is exactly what it's doing -- what's happening with our partner at Ronan and our partner at MD Anderson and other partnerships I could go into in more detail, and I'm happy to but not on this call, is these disease-specific AI modules where -- and the telemedicine modules that we're delivering, allows a patient in a community hospital in Montana to get the benefits of the wisdom of the best specialty cancer specialists at MD Anderson Hospital in Texas or a Memorial Sloan Kettering doc in New York or a Mass General doctor who's on faculty at Harvard Medical School. The fact that we're now using AI and telemedicine and instrumenting these diagnostic devices so the docs -- so -- in the community hospital, we have diagnostic devices that the Harvard faculty, then there at Mass General can look at and then they inspect the AI module to, a, gather much better information. And with that better information, have the best minds and AI -- real minds and artificial intelligence processing that information and prescribing, hopefully, the best procedure or the best medication for that particular patient, which translates into reducing readmission to the hospital as they did at MD Anderson and ultimately saving lives.
Brad Zelnick : The mission is so important. If I could just sneak in a quick one for Safra to follow up. Safra, 30% organic cloud growth for the year implies significant acceleration in Q4. What supports your confidence in delivering that?
Safra Catz : Well, remember, as I told you, we have dropped a large number of data centers. And as they become available, we have customers waiting to get started and use them. So we have commitments from customers to quite an enormous amount of consumption. And so they've basically been waiting for us. We've -- it's taken a while in all these different countries to open these data centers and to make them available to our customers. And so we know they are actually very impatient to use the capacity as it becomes available. And we just have a lot of momentum and a lot of commitment from our customers and a lot of enthusiasm around our offerings. And so this is -- that's how the math works.
Ken Bond : Thank you, Brad and Safra. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Emma for closing.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-12-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Oracle Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And please be advised that this call is being recorded. After the speakers’ prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And at this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Bond, Head of Investor Relations at Oracle. Please go ahead.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Bo. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from our Investor Relations website as well. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we’ll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. Well, simply put, we had an outstanding quarter. Total revenue for the quarter was more than $200 million above the high end of our guidance range and grew 25% in constant currency. Even excluding Cerner, total revenue grew 9% in constant currency that’s higher than Q1 and on top of a revenue beat this time last year. The strength of the quarter is even more amazing, given that the currency headwind was higher than what it was when I gave guidance with 6% for revenue and a $0.095 headwind for earnings per share. And yet, we still exceeded the high end of my USD guidance for both, total revenue and earnings per share. And as you can see from the numbers, we continue to experience clear company-specific and product-specific momentum. The reasons are many, but it boils down to a few key points of differentiation. First, more and more customers are recognizing our second-generation infrastructure cloud as being fundamentally better architected for higher performance, better security and unmatched reliability versus the older first-generation hyperscale cloud providers. Second, customers appreciate the flexibility of our service and business model that enables them to deploy our technologies where it serves them best, whether that be in the public cloud, in dedicated regions around the world or in a true clouded customer implementation. And third, customers recognize the value of an end-to-end integrated stack of applications, both horizontal, like ERP and HCM and supply chain, and industry-specific applications that focus on their industries. And all of it is on our Gen 2 infrastructure, which is designed perfectly for them as they move through. As customers increasingly look to better value out of their technology investments, many discover that Oracle is much better compared to other alternatives. Gartner formerly recognized OCI by moving us to Visionary status in its cloud infrastructure and platform services report for the first time. In addition, last week, we were awarded a JWCC award at the U.S. Department of Defense as they also recognized our capabilities. As all of these differentiators come together and our business continues to accelerate, we expect organic growth for our fiscal year 2023 cloud revenues will be over 30% in constant currency. Now to the numbers. As always, I’ll discuss our results using constant currency growth rate. To provide a full picture, both organically and otherwise, I’m going to go over the revenue results, including Cerner, and then some of the revenue results excluding Cerner, so you can see what’s going on. Total cloud revenue, now that’s SaaS and IaaS, including Cerner, was $3.8 billion, up 48% in constant currency with IaaS revenue, $1.1 billion, up 59% and SaaS revenue of $2.8 billion, up 45%. Now, excluding Cerner, total cloud revenue, SaaS plus IaaS was up 27% in constant currency at $3.3 billion. Total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter, including Cerner, was $8.6 billion, up 20% in constant currency, driven again by our strategic cloud applications, autonomous database and, of course, our Generation 2 OCI. Application subscription revenues, which include support, were $4.1 billion, up 35% in constant currency. Infrastructure subscription revenues, which also include support, were $4.5 billion, up 9% in constant currency. Application subscription revenues, including support but excluding Cerner, were $3.3 billion, up 9% in constant currency. SaaS cloud revenue, again, excluding Cerner, was $2.2 billion and was up 16%. Now, our strategic back-office SaaS applications now have an annualized revenue of $5.9 billion and grew 26% in constant currency, including Fusion ERP, up 28% and NetSuite ERP, up 29%. As mentioned already, infrastructure cloud services revenue was up 59% in constant currency. Now excluding legacy hosting services, infrastructure cloud services revenue grew 69% with an annualized revenue of $3.8 billion, including OCI consumption revenue, which was up 88% and cloud and customer consumption revenue, up 83% and autonomous database up 50%. Software license revenues, including Cerner, were $1.4 billion, up 23% in constant currency and up 9% without Cerner. What is increasingly resonating with customers is that in an environment where IT investments need to have a fast and tangible return on investment, only Oracle offers customers the flexibility to manage their technology estate, so they can deploy incremental investments where it brings them the most immediate value. It also helps that the purchase of technology licenses from Oracle enables them to move to the cloud as they are ready, effectively providing an on-ramp to Oracle Cloud services. So, all in, total revenues for the quarter were $12.3 billion, up 25% in constant currency. Excluding Cerner’s revenue contribution of $1.5 billion, organic revenue was up over 9% in constant currency. As a reminder, we no longer operate in Russia, causing total revenue growth to be negatively affected by over 1% of growth over last year. Shifting to margins. The gross margin for cloud services and license support was 79% as a result of the mix between support and cloud. Last year, Oracle license support revenue with its mid-90s gross margins represented about 65% of the total number of cloud services and license support revenue. Now, it’s down to 53%, and this is happening because our cloud services are growing much, much faster than license support. By the way, license support grew 4% this year. Additionally, I would note that IaaS gross margins improved again this quarter, and I expect IaaS gross margins will continue to improve in response to accelerating demand we have continued to build data center capacity. We have seen that as those centers fill up, margins go up like they did this quarter. Most importantly, gross profit dollars of cloud services and license support grew 13% with Cerner and 6%, excluding Cerner in Q2. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.1 billion, up 12% from last year. Operating margin, including Cerner, was 41% as we continue to integrate Cerner in the quarter. As we drive Cerner profitability to Oracle levels and continue to benefit from economies of scale in the cloud, we will not only continue to grow operating income, but we will also grow the operating margin percentage. Further, I expect that this year, will be the trough year for operating margin percentages. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 20.4. I think I guided to 20.5. So basically, it worked out where we thought. And non-GAAP EPS was $1.21 in U.S. dollars, down 1% in USD, up 7% in constant currency. The GAAP EPS was $0.63. At quarter end, we had nearly $7.4 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance was $8.7 billion, up 14% in constant currency. Over the last four quarters, operating cash flow was $15.1 billion and free cash flow was $8.4 billion with capital expenditures of $6.7 billion. In addition, we now have 40 public cloud regions around the world with another 9 being built. In addition, 12 of these public regions interconnect with Azure, giving customers true multi-cloud capabilities. We also have many cloud customer implementations, dedicated regions in another 9 national security regions with increasing demand for more as customers want to have their data protected in their country. We are careful to pace our investments appropriately, but need to continue to build to meet our accelerating demand. CapEx this quarter was $2.4 billion as we continued to invest in our cloud to meet this accelerating demand. With triple-digit IaaS bookings growth the last couple of quarters we now expect to spend about this amount per quarter for the next few quarters as we build capacity for our customers’ needs. This level of spend though will not negatively impact our operating margins as we scale. When I talk about accelerating demand, that demand is reflected in the remaining performance obligation or RPO balance, which is now at $61.2 billion, up 68% in constant currency due to strong cloud bookings as well as to Cerner. I will also note that the organic RPO growth rate in constant currency accelerated to 28% in Q2, up from 22% last quarter and approximately 48% of the total RPO is to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. Now, as we’ve said before, I know you’re tired of me saying it, but I will, we are continuing -- we’re committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 6.1 million shares for a total of $448 million. In addition, we paid out dividends of $863 million in the quarter, and the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. Our fundamental principle is to grow non-GAAP EPS while substantially increasing cloud revenue growth. And given our increasing confidence, we will continue to prudently invest as there is strong demand for our cloud services. So now, let me turn to my guidance for Q3, which I’ll provide on a non-GAAP basis. Using currency exchange rates as they are right now, currency should have a 4% negative effect on total revenue and at least a $0.06 negative effect on EPS in Q3. As I say every quarter, the actual currency impact may be different by quarter end, but we’ve got to use a number, so we’re using the number right now. Total revenues for Q3, including Cerner, are expected to grow from 21% to 23% in constant currency and are expected to grow from 17% to 19% in USD. Total cloud growth, including Cerner, is expected to grow from 46% to 50% in constant currency and 43% to 47% in USD. I expect the total cloud growth for the fiscal year, excluding Cerner will be above 30% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 9% and 13% and be between $1.23 and $1.27 in constant currency. Again, due to currency headwinds, non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 4% and 8% and be between $1.17 and $1.21 in USD. And as I’ve said before, Cerner will be accretive to earnings this year, including in Q3. My EPS guidance for Q3 assumes our base tax rate of 20.5%, which is up from 19% last year. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Okay. I’m going to go over -- primarily, I’m going to go over customers and new wins in infrastructure and then customers and wins and go-lives in applications. But I’m going to start with infrastructure. So, during Q2, we signed multiple customers to contracts exceeding $1 billion, infrastructure contracts exceeding $1 billion. Let me be clear, multiple customers signed contracts for $1 billion worth of infrastructure. So, given -- that’s been added to our backlog, we expect our infrastructure business to continue to grow very, very strongly into the future. We now have 22,000 infrastructure customers. We have a total of 55 regions. That’s public regions plus national security regions and the other kinds of regions and that’s more than AWS or Microsoft or anybody, which may surprise some people. Gartner, as Safra mentioned, moved us into the Visionary Quadrant for the first time. So, let me just start naming specific customers and give you a flavor. I’m going to name large customers, small customers. I’m going to focus a little bit on a bunch of international customers to let you know that our investment in data centers all over the world is really paying off. So, our customers include -- big customers include, FedEx, Deutsche Bank, Tokyo Stock Exchange. Let me take a moment to emphasize Tokyo Stock Exchange. We’re the only ones running a major stock exchange. And this is -- Tokyo is not the only one because our cloud is very secure and extremely reliable. It doesn’t go down. In fact, my favorite quote from a big phone company in the United States was the difference between Oracle’s Cloud and the other clouds are simply that Oracle Cloud doesn’t go down. I think that’s a very important issue when you have enterprise applications like a stock exchange where you can’t ever go down. Fujitsu is another big customer; Vodafone that’s phone company has similar problems. If you’re a phone company, the phone system can’t go down. Vodafone, Deutsche Telekom, Enbridge; Kaiser, a huge health care company in the -- primarily in the United States. NVIDIA has moved and a bunch of others have moved, lots of AI, artificial intelligence and machine learning workloads to the Oracle Cloud because it turns out we’re really good at that. We’re better than that than any of the other clouds, which may surprise some people. Schneider Electric, Telecom Italia, Verizon and lots, lots more. I’m not just going to list them all. We publish a big list at oracle.com and every quarter, we add new customers to that. So, in the quarter, we added United Airlines -- database wins in the quarter, United Airlines, migrating all flight operations to the Oracle Exadata cloud. Albertsons, again, moving to the Exadata cloud service database. Mitsui in Japan, again, moving their databases to Oracle. Again, this is the beginning of a very major, very large business for us as our database franchise moves primarily from on-premise into the Oracle Cloud. Persol Career, a big professional services company in Japan, migrating to -- or moving their Oracle databases to the cloud. Unimed, LAD Healthcare, once again moving their databases to the Oracle Cloud. Penske Truck Leasing, doing using -- moving to autonomous database. HomeServe plc in the UK, government agency is moving the autonomous transaction processing system. So, they’re not just moving an existing Oracle database to the cloud, they’re upgrading from our on-premise Oracle database to our autonomous database, which is only available in the cloud. Iberia Express, a big telco, same thing moving to autonomous data warehouse. They just -- the idea is the autonomous data warehouse makes database administration very simple. In fact, it’s entirely automated. There is no database administration. Delgado [ph] Auto Taxi, again, in APAC, a smaller company, again, moving their databases to autonomous system. MaxiTRANS, big transportation company in Australia, same thing, autonomous transaction processing. The Scroll, [ph] a big Japanese wholesale company, autonomous -- moving to autonomous database. Banco Safra, this is -- by the way, this is not -- our CEO does not own a bank. This is not an internal -- she didn’t not buy our database. But there’s a big bank in Latin America called Banco Safra and they’re moving all their mission-critical apps to OCI, as is Bradesco, same thing. Yorkshire Building Society in the UK, again, autonomous data warehouse. And Nestlé, a food giant in EMEA is moving their analytics systems to autonomous data warehouse and that’s a huge customer. Okay. I mentioned a couple of calls ago that we have a new version of our MySQL open source database, and we added a new ultrafast query processor called HeatWave to MySQL and that’s doing extremely well. We have a number of companies doing that migration. Medallia, Infonow [ph] Credit Club. It’s a long list of people that are moving to MySQL to take advantage of the fact that our query processor in our version of MySQL is 100 times faster. I really mean that. And we have all the benchmarks. We publish all the benchmarks, and we publish the source code of the benchmarks, so you can duplicate those results, 100 times faster than queries than the Amazon equivalent called Aurora; Aurora, Amazon’s version of MySQL. As Safra mentioned earlier, our partnership with Microsoft Azure is going extremely well. We have a number of companies running applications in Azure. And then Azure is connected to OCI, so the database is in OCI and the application is in Azure. The Belgium Railways is one. Honeywell in the United States, Petronas [ph] the big energy and utility company, Telecom Italia Mobile A [ph], but that multi-cloud system is doing extremely well. And we think that is the future of cloud. We think the future of cloud is not 4-walled gardens, AWS, Microsoft, Google and Oracle. We think those clouds are all going to interconnect. And then customers will pick the most appropriate service for their particular needs and mix and match between the clouds. Okay. A lot more -- a major city in the southwest, which I’m not allowed to mention is literally migrating everything to OCI. Lambda, which is a big AI machine learning specialist company is moving the bulk of their workloads to OCI using NVIDIA GPUs and our fast -- our very, very fast network to interconnect them. And this is a pattern. Lambda is doing that, Latent Space is doing that. NVIDIA themselves are doing that. So we’re seeing a lot of machine learning and artificial intelligence workloads moving from other clouds to OCI because we’re faster. And again, in the cloud business faster -- when you charge by the minute, faster means cheaper. Give me 1 second. Alexa, be quite. Sorry about that. I think Jeff Bezos did that. Okay. So, Minnesota State Colleges and Universities, National Institute of Health. These are all new cloud customers, new infrastructure cloud customers -- again from very large to medium-sized companies are moving to OCI and lots of them. Twist Biosciences is moving healthcare -- again, AI workloads to OCI using NVIDIA GPUs. AIA Life Insurance Company, a big financial services company, again, is moving to OCI and databases to OCI. In India, Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation, a giant utility, is moving all of their metering and billing applications to OCI. Win Win [ph] Intelligent Information Technology is moving their IoT platform from AWS to OCI, and they’re also using MySQL HeatWave. Algar Telecom, Brazilian Stock Exchange, Claro, again, big media telco, moving to OCI; Ncell. Unimed Curitiba, a large health care company in Latin America moving to OCI; Vivo, again, moving to OCI. Banco de Chile, E-Banks [ph] another financial services company; Rabobank. DP World, the transportation and logistics company in the Middle East, Austin TranSit Partnership, a municipality in Texas they’re perfect -- an interesting customer because they’ve been using Oracle ERP and EPM and our applications for a long time. Now they’re moving their infrastructure to OCI. Oman Telecommunications. A huge French telecommunication company, I’m not allowed to mention. They’re moving to OCI. Oxford Nanopore, a big -- a gene sequencing company is moving from AWS to OCI where they are going to store gene sequencing, but not only just store gene sequences in OCI, they also do analytics to figure out if -- what they’ve sequenced is a new version of COVID-19 or another pathogen, if the pathogen they’ve never seen before, extremely important application for world health. Reed Exhibitions, Saudi Ministry of Media, Ecobank, financial services in EMEA, GlobeMed Limited, Morrisons, a big retail operation, again, all moving to on OCI. HDFC Bank and Waafi Bank, I’m going to stop there, but we published a long list, but there’s tremendous momentum, tremendous momentum and a large number of customers from all over the world, very large and medium-sized companies moving to OCI, and the business is growing very strongly, as Safra pointed out in the numbers. Okay. In the back -- in applications, I’ll try to do this quickly. We’re just winning in the back office. We have 22,000 customers in infrastructure and the cloud. We have 11,000 Fusion ERP and HCM customers alone in applications, just Fusion customers. We have 11,000 now. We have probably close to 30,000, 30,000 NetSuite customers on top of that. So, we have a lot of customers and applications. We’ve been in the Applications Cloud business for longer than we’ve been in the infrastructure cloud business. We’re extremely strong in healthcare, Cleveland Clinic, Mayo Clinic, Mount Sinai, Providence Saint Joseph, Adventist Health, Kaiser Permanente, National Health Service in the UK, long list of providers, that’s a partial list, are using Oracle ERP, supply chain and HCM applications. But it’s not just the clinical providers that are using our systems, the payers, the healthcare payers. So again, as we tackle healthcare with -- in conjunction with our Cerner acquisition, we’re not just automating providers, we’re also automating payers. We’re also automating pharmaceutical companies as they do clinical trials. We’re trying, to automate the entire ecosystem, not just a fraction of it. So I mentioned a list of providers and payers, UnitedHealthcare, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Humana, Highmark Health, Health Care Service Corporations, Independence Blue Cross, Bright Health, so payers as well as providers. We’re extremely strong in that. I mean, we -- again, I’ll just leave it with extremely strong. Healthcare wins in the quarter in Q2, Cigna, a huge payer win; Emirates Health Services, big provider where we beat SAP; Cross Country Health Services where we beat Workday and SAP. Henry Schein is a provider of healthcare products for -- and there -- we won there. But again, it is the entire healthcare infrastructure that we are focusing on as we try to automate healthcare systems around the world. Go-lives, go-lives in the quarter, Tenet Health, 65 hospitals, 235,000 employees, they went live on HR payroll and recruiting. Cleveland Clinic, is going live. I know it’s called Cleveland Clinic, but they also -- they own hospitals all over the place. They’ve gone live in a bunch of regional hospitals in Florida. University of Chicago Medical Center has gone live. Baptist Health Care has gone live, 12 hospitals with 26,000 employees. Lakeview Center has gone live in the quarter. So, we’re just getting stronger and stronger in health care. And so, let me move on to financial services, our other -- another industry that we deem very, very strategic and key to Oracle’s future is financial services, specifically banking. And we’re very, very strong there, Bank of -- in terms of ERP, HCM, supply chain, our customers include Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of New York Mellon, Vanguard, Santander, TD Bank in Canada, HSBC in the UK, UBS, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Credit Suisse, Sumitomo Mitsui. It’s a partial list. We are extremely strong in the banking sector. And what you’re going to see in Oracle ERP with our strength in the banking sector is we will be offering loan origination for B2B commerce. One of the things we’re doing with the new version of Oracle ERP is if you’re a customer that’s buying something and you have Oracle ERP, and we -- and you are a company that’s selling something and you have Oracle ERP, the way that B2B transaction will occur, it will be entirely automated within the cloud. So you’ll submit a purchase order, the buying ERP system will submit a purchase order to the selling ERP system. And if you need to borrow money, we will originate a loan with one of our banking partners. If the product has to be shipped, we will schedule the shipping and track the shipment with one of our logistic partners. And our ambition here is to completely automate B2B commerce between buying and selling companies that are running Oracle Cloud ERP and manage all of the financing and insurance and logistics associated with that transaction. We do a really good job, I think, of automating B2C transactions. Amazon does that extremely well. Walmart does that extremely well. But we don’t do a great job of automating B2B transactions. And that’s what Oracle’s ambition is to do that. And we’re in a great position because we are so strong in cloud ERP. So, it’s an Oracle system that’s -- an Oracle procurement system on one end of that transaction. It’s an Oracle order management system on the other end of that transaction. We have very strong partners in finance, insurance and logistics so we can completely automate the entire transaction, where B2B transactions begin to look like B2C transactions. They’re fully end-to-end automated. And that’s a huge new business for us and our partners. Okay. Let’s see. Financial Services wins in the quarter. We’ve added M&T Bank, TD Bank, Daiwa Securities -- Farmers Insurance. Nexi, which is where we replaced SAP at Nexi, it’s an Italian bank. We replaced SAP at TD Bank. Let’s see what else. Financial services go lives. AmTrust, BlackRock, a big go live. They are -- they have $10 trillion of managed assets. Oracle now has 9 of the top 10 asset management firms, running on the Oracle Cloud ERP. FirstRand Bank, a bunch of other banks. I don’t want to take up all the time. So, I’m going to stop there. We have a lot more data on our website that will tell you -- that will enumerate still more customers that we acquired in this very strong second quarter and that went live in the second quarter. With that, I’m going to turn it back over to Safra.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Bo, if you could prepare the audience for Q&A. Appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question today from Brad Zelnick of Deutsche Bank.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks very much for taking my question. And congrats on the solid results. Larry, Oracle has a rich history of being a price performance leader in just about everything it does. But technically speaking, why exactly does OCI have an inherent cost advantage? And how sustainable is that advantage? Thanks.
Larry Ellison: Well, maybe the most interesting thing is we have a much faster network than anybody else. We have a fundamentally different network than any of the other cloud providers. We have what’s called an RDMA network that we had to build because our Exadata machines and our database -- actually glued together a lot of computers. And when you had a single database application, that could run on one computer or it could run on a cluster of computers, the 2 computers, 4 computers, 8 computers, whatever, so that there was no single point of failure. One of the beauties of the Oracle database, one of the big differences between the Oracle database and other databases is that the Oracle database, a single application could run on multiple computers. If one of those computers would fail, the application would keep running. It was fall tolerant. It would tolerate a failure of a machine. Other people don’t have that. But in order to do that, we had to make our network, if we’re going to have a cluster of 4 machines running a single database app, we have to make that network between those 4 machines very fast. And that’s called an RDMA network. It means that one computer can immediately access the memory of another computer without going through an interrupt. It’s a very fast way to interconnect computers and have them act as a group. We built that for our entire cloud, so we can run our database, our Oracle real application cluster database on any of the computers in our cloud. Now because we’ve built this hyper-fast network, it turns out it has more utility than just running the Oracle database. So, if you’re running a cluster of computers doing a simulation, a car crash simulation, that was one of the first applications people noticed, ran much faster on Oracle. Now, a much bigger application they noticed ran much faster on Oracle was on neural networks and machine learning workloads run much faster on Oracle. So, because our network is just intrinsically much faster and -- by the way, also there are security and reliability advantages to go along with that. So, our network configured. We actually have -- all of our computers actually have two networks. I’m not going to go into all the details. But our computers are fundamentally different than any other cloud company. We have two networks, one of which is on the Internet -- I’d say, one of which interconnects all of our customers’ computers. And the other, which is our -- if you will, our control network where our -- and computers that run our cloud control software, which is isolated from the customer software. So, the customer can’t tamper with our cloud control software. They can’t get control of it. And we can’t see the customers’ data. That is unique to Oracle. But the -- because we have the two networks and because one of the networks is RDMA, we just run much, much faster, much more reliably than they do. And it’s a fundamental advantage that they can’t compete with unless they rebuild their cloud from scratch.
Operator: We’ll take that question now from Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow: Congrats on another strong quarter. And really two metrics jumped out to me this quarter. First was IaaS revenue accelerated at 59% from 58% and 39% in the prior two quarters. And organic ERP growth also accelerated to 28%, which is pretty phenomenal this quarter from 22% and 17% in the prior two quarters. Can you just give us sort of a breakdown of what’s driving this continued strength compared to some of your cloud competitors in the past in IaaS world that have experienced decelerating growth in recent months? Are there any workloads in particular that are driving the relative strength of OCI?
Safra Catz: I don’t know, Larry, if you want to take it or I take it
Larry Ellison: You can take it. I mean the workloads, I’ll just say on the workloads. AI and machine learning is a huge -- is exploding NVIDIA. NVIDIA, the people who provide the GPUs for most AI workloads are -- they’re moving a huge amount of stuff to the Oracle Cloud and a bunch of other companies that are doing that. But that’s one new one. I mean, obviously, database, but I’ll let that question really go onto Safra.
Safra Catz: Well, it’s really across the board, to be fair. We’ve got high-performance computing. We’ve got most of the auto companies doing their simulations on us. And then, we have Oracle workloads, autonomous database and other workloads. We have extremely broad, just extremely broad moves. I think I told you in previous quarters that, of course, our growth rates are higher because we’re smaller, but yet as we grow, we’re actually accelerating because of exactly the features that Larry covered in the last question, customers are coming to us, often not expecting the phenomenal results. And remember, time is money on the cloud. So, if you’re more performant, it is much less expensive, whether it’s Oracle workloads or straight compute or storage or other workloads. The other thing is you have to understand that our cloud of customers, our national security regions, all of those are being contracted, and we are clearly the choice for governments to maintain their sovereignty over their data. We can land a center very quickly, and they have -- and they fill up very quickly. So, we really have it coming from all areas. And then, of course, our applications business, Larry basically said it. I mean, we’re in it. And we’re winning consistently deal after deal, both as our e-business suite and PeopleSoft and JD Edwards customers moved to us but also SAP installations choosing us over what they had before. So, it’s just on all fronts, frankly.
Phil Winslow: Great. Well, it’s awesome to see everything that you’ve been talking about the past couple of years playing out. So keep up a great work.
Operator: We go next now to John DeFucci of Guggenheim.
John DiFucci: Larry, to the answer to the first question, that’s actually something we’ve been thinking about. That’s going to help as we dig in to better understand the benefits of OCI. But it’s amazing to hear the core differentiation of RAC continues to drive differentiation even 20 years later. My question is actually for Safra. Safra, you mentioned your flexible business model in your prepared remarks and which is unique. BYOL, you were a pioneer in doing that. And license was surprisingly strong again. Can you talk in a little more detail about what’s really driving that license strength?
Safra Catz: So contrary to, I think, the fears the people always have, the Oracle database is still the biggest part of license by far. So most important part, the database remains strong because customers understand that they can BYOL, bring your own license, and they can have coverage whether they’re on-premise in the cloud or moving in between the two, so again, really always the big number. But we’ve got growth rates that are very strong in analytics. We have growth rates that are super strong in Java, we have growth rates that are strong in the industry’s areas, some of our industry’s applications. And then -- so I want to make sure I gave you the numbers both ways. With Cerner, we have a growth rate of 23% because, of course, you add the Cerner license. Without Cerner, it’s 9% growth. So, even without Cerner, we have license growth after a very strong growth rate a full year ago in license. So, again, big dog is, of course, technology. That’s the bulk of it. But we’ve got a few industry apps and a little bit of Cerner. And it just remains just super strong.
John DiFucci: Okay. That makes sense. It sounds like a lot of things are working together here. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Safra Catz: Absolutely.
Operator: And we’ll go next now to Mark Moerdler at Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much for taking question. I really appreciate the ability to ask the question, and congratulations on the quarter. Two related questions on Cerner. Safra, where are we on the Cerna integration process as well as taking out the cost? And where do you think you can drive those long-term costs over time. And Larry, we heard a lot of great features at Oracle World about Cerner and what you going to do in healthcare. It’d be interesting to hear what progress you’ve made recently. Thanks.
Safra Catz: Sure. So Mark, we’ve owned Cerner for about five months. And I will tell you that they continue to do better than we had projected internally. So, we’re very, very happy. But we are still at the beginning. We don’t want to do anything that will damage the business. And of course, we’re very, very focused on those customers. But we are already having some level of savings. But ultimately, just so that you understand, our expectation is we will run them at typical Oracle margins. So, we’ve got quite a way to go. And I think over the next couple of quarters, you’ll see continued improvement as we’ve done some of our operational integration. And simultaneously, I think they continue to over perform for us. So, we are doing this in a very careful way. So, it’s not to put any issues for our customers and making sure they’re successful. On the technical side, Larry, that’s for you.
Larry Ellison: Yes. Well, actually, on the technical side, of course, what we’re trying to do is build -- not just provider systems. In other words, what Cerner did primarily in competition with EPIC is the automated hospitals. And yes, we want to automate hospitals and clinics and doctors’ offices and do that. We certainly want to automate providers. But we’re layering on top of that is we want to do national public health. We are doing national public health systems. I mentioned Oxford Nanopore that’s an early warning system to detect the next pathogen that could lead to a pandemic. These global public health systems need to be built. And we are in discussions. We are in discussions with not companies, but countries about building and deploying a global early warning system so we can detect the next pathogen that threatens to turn into a pandemic, we can catch it early enough that we can prevent it from being a pandemic. God forbid, if there is another pandemic that we have up to the minute, up to the second data about how that country’s infrastructure is managing the hospitalization rates and vaccination rates and all of those things, so we can better deploy and manage our resources during a pandemic. So, we don’t have a repeat of the things that went on during COVID-19. So, I expect -- Safra just gone back from visiting some prospective customers that are countries that we will be signing contracts with a number of countries to build these national systems. And these contracts are enormous, I mean, absolutely enormous. And there will be several of them. So, as I said in my note in the press release, the scale of this healthcare opportunity is unprecedented but so are the responsibilities that go along with it. We have to -- we, as humanity has to do a better job of delivering healthcare to people than we have done historically. And we can never have a repeat of the COVID-19 pandemic. And I think there is this worldwide sense of urgency and national consciousness about getting a new generation of systems out there that help us at first prevent and then manage our healthcare -- prevent a pandemic and better manager healthcare systems. As far as I know, Oracle is the only company in the world that’s trying to address this issue. And we’re about to sign up a number of countries that will work with us on doing just that.
Operator: And we’ll take our final question this afternoon from Raimo Lenschow at Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey. Thanks for squeezing me in. One quick question. If you think about the global environment, usually, it’s not the time to look at or in the olden days, I remember when I was at PwC, it wasn’t the time to kind of look at your back office systems, but you’re kind of growing really nicely. NetSuite is actually kind of outgoing now Fusion a little bit. Can you talk a little bit about the drivers and what you’re seeing out there? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Yes. Let me start that, and Larry can add if you want. So I want to remind you that we are global, right, which includes whether we’re in Europe and in the United States, but we’re also in the Gulf states and really in Asia, different parts, Latin America. And there are always companies that get to the point where their business, they cannot afford to keep using their older systems. They spend too much using them. They spend too much running them. And they are actually holding them back, and they know that. And I think one of the things many companies learned during COVID was those companies that did not get on some sort of a track to get a digital connection with their customers, employees and suppliers that were at a huge disadvantage. And so that momentum continues. And it is possible that any individual country or location there could be some little slowdown here or there. And yet there are other countries and industries that are doing incredibly well and they view this as critical. When customers move to SaaS they end up spending less but also have much better capabilities to sell more to work with their employees and their suppliers, and of course, as I said, their customers. So that momentum has started, has started, and it just continues very, very strongly. And again, we are global. So, even when there are some issues in some regions, we’re in other regions that are doing phenomenally well right now.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Safra. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Bo to close the call.
Operator: Thank you very much, Mr. Bond. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude Oracle’s Q2 2023 earnings conference call. Again, we’d like to thank you so much for joining us and wish you all a great remainder of your day. Goodbye.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-09-12 21:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Oracle's First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. It's now my pleasure to hand today's conference over to Oracle's Senior Vice President, Ken Bond.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Josh. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's first quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from the Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we will begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. We had an excellent quarter with total revenue growing 23% in constant currency and beating the high-end of our guidance. We also had a great organic quarter with total revenue growing 8% in constant currency. This was on top of a fantastic Q4 last quarter. And as you can see from the numbers, we continue to get excellent returns on the investments we've been making over the last few years in products, infrastructure and our sales organization. We are seeing company-specific and product-specific momentum. We continue to expect organic revenue growth and our cloud business will accelerate substantially in FY '23. The currency headwind this quarter was much higher than the 3% headwind that was present when we gave guidance. It was actually 6 points, even though due to rounding, it may look like 5%. And that's a currency headwind to total revenue, it was in fact 6 points. And yet we still exceeded our forecasts on a reported basis and we beat our constant currency revenue forecast by $200 million. We saw similar currency headwinds in EPS which had an $0.08 negative effect much worse than the $0.05 headwind present at the time of guidance in June. It's because of the significant and volatile swings in currencies, that I always discuss our results using constant currency growth rate, and so that you have a clear view of the business as we manage it. Now to the numbers and there's a lot here. I'm going to go over the revenue results, including Cerner, and then some of the results, excluding Cerner, which many of you are focused on. I hope you're pleased with our expanded disclosure this year. So total cloud revenue that’s SaaS and IaaS including Cerner, was $3.6 billion, up 45% in USD and up 50% in constant currency with IaaS revenue, a smidge under $900 million and SaaS revenue at $2.7 billion. Total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter was $8.4 billion, up 20% in constant currency driven again by fusion autonomous database and our Gen2 OCI. Application subscription revenues, which includes support were $4 billion, up 37% in constant currency. Again, Q1 cloud application revenue that’s SaaS was $2.7 billion, up 43% in USD, up 48% in constant currency. Infrastructure subscription revenues, including support were $4.4 billion, up 7% in constant currency. And to be clear, that's actually 7% organic growth with no contribution from Cerner. Q1 cloud infrastructure or IaaS revenue was $0.9 billion, up 52% in USD, up 58% in constant currency, again, with no contribution from Cerner. Now, the revenue results, excluding Cerner. Total cloud revenue that's IaaS plus SaaS, excluding Cerner was up 29% in constant currency at $3.1 billion. Organic revenue growth for both IaaS and SaaS was significantly higher than last quarter. Application subscription revenues, excluding Cerner were up 12% in constant currency. Our strategic back office cloud applications now have annualized revenue of $5.8 billion and grew 33% in constant currency, including fusion ERP, which was up 38%. NetSuite ERP up 30% and Fusion HCM up 26%. That means that SaaS revenues, excluding Cerner were $2.2 billion, up 20%. Infrastructure cloud service revenue was up 58% in constant currency. Excluding legacy hosting services, infrastructure cloud services grew 70% with an annualized revenue of $3.2 billion, including OCI consumption revenue, which was up 103%. Cloud@Customer consumption revenue, which was up 92%, and Autonomous Database, which was up 56%. And it's not only that our growth rates are higher than our hyperscale competitors, maybe you'd expect that because we're the newest and thus the smallest, but our growth rates are increasing as we get bigger. Our second generation cloud launched after our competitors first generation cloud, and so we've been able to architect it more performantly, more securely and more sustainably. As a result, as more companies test our cloud, they discover how much better it is on price, security, performance and sustainability. In addition, we now have cloud regions in more countries and cities than AWS and Azure, giving our customers more choices for their sovereign data. And finally, many of our customers appreciate how flexible our service and business model is. All of this is amazing our customers, and I can't wait to share the stage with some of them at Oracle CloudWorld in October. Now, to license revenues, including Cerner, were $904 million, up 19% in constant currency led by database options and Java. Total database revenues were up 3% in constant currency. So all in, total revenues for the quarter were $11.4 billion, up 23% in constant currency, excluding Cerner revenue of $1.4 billion, organic revenue was up 8% in constant currency. In addition, I want to point out that since we no longer operate in Russia, this negatively affected revenue by over 1 point of growth. Had we still, had we not left, actually, our growth rate would be over 9% this quarter. Operating expenses were up 34%, mainly due to adding in Cerner's expenses, and the mix of our business. The gross margin for cloud services and license support was 81% and the associated gross profit dollars grew 15% with Cerner and 7% excluding Cerner. In fact, the gross margin percentage on IaaS increased dramatically in the quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.5 billion, up 10% from last year. And I expect that we'll see strong operating income growth again in Q2. The operating margin, including Cerner was 39%, which is lower than in the past, since we only just began to integrate Cerner in the quarter. As we drive Cerner and its profitability to Oracle standards, and continue to benefit from economies of scale in the cloud, we will not only continue to grow margin dollars, but also grow margin percentages significantly. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.4%, slightly above the guidance rate and non-GAAP EPS was $1.03, unchanged in USD and up 8% in constant currency. GAAP EPS was $0.56, down 34% and down 26% in constant currency, that's our GAAP EPS. Over the last four quarters, operating cash flow was $10.5 billion and free cash flow was $5.4 billion with capital expenditures of $5.2 billion. For the quarter, operating cash flow was $6.4 billion and free cash flow was $4.7 billion with capital expenditures of $1.7 billion. At quarter end, we had $11.2 billion in cash and marketable securities. In the short-term, deferred revenue balance was $10.5 billion, up 11% in constant currency. The remaining performance obligation or RPO balance is $16.7 billion, up 62% in constant currency due to strong bookings as well as the addition of Cerner. However, I would note for you all that the organic RPO growth accelerated to 22% in Q1 from 17% in Q4, approximately 49% of total RPO is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases and prudent use of debt and our dividend. This quarter we repurchased 7.5 million shares for a total of 559 million. In addition, we paid out dividends of $3.4 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors today declared a quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. Our fundamental principle is to grow non-GAAP EPS, while substantially increasing cloud revenue. And given our increasing confidence, we will continue to prudently invest as their strong demand for our cloud services. Now, let me turn to my guidance for Q2, which I will provide on a non-GAAP basis. Now we are assuming the currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now. That's not a prediction, that's just giving it to you as a translation as it currently is. In that case, currency should have a 5% to 6% negative effect on total revenue, and at least a $0.07 negative effect on EPs in Q2. As I say every quarter, the actual currency impact may be different by quarter end. My EPS guidance for Q2 assumes a tax rate of 20.5, which is up from 19.2 last year. However, one-time tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary. So now to guidance. Total revenues for Q2, including Cerner are expected to grow from 21% to 23% in constant currency, and are expected to grow from 15% to 17% in USD. Total cloud growth, again including Cerner, is expected to grow from 46% to 50% in constant currency, 42% to 46% in USD. I expect that total cloud growth for the fiscal year excluding Cerner will be above 30% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS growth is expected to grow between 1% to 5% and be between $1.23 and $1.27 in constant currency, again due to currency headwinds, non-GAAP EPS is expected to decline 1% to 5% and be between $1.16 and $1.20 in USD. As I've said before, Cerner will be accretive to earnings this year, including in Q2. And with that, I turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Last quarter, Microsoft and Oracle announced that we had built a high speed interconnect between Microsoft Azure Cloud and the Oracle Cloud. The purpose of this Multi-cloud interconnect is to enable Azure customers to directly use the very latest Oracle Database technology, even if their application is running in Azure. In other words, customers can now use any combination of Microsoft and Oracle Cloud services together as if they were in one cloud. That was last quarter. This quarter, Oracle is making the latest version of our mice MySQL HeatWave database available in Amazon's AWS cloud. Multiple published customer benchmarks have shown that MySQL HeatWave delivers 7x better performance than Amazon Redshift. 10x better performance than Snowflake and up to 10x higher throughput than Amazon's own MySQL database called Aurora. The Multi-cloud era has begun. Customers are already buying applications and cloud infrastructure from several different providers, including Microsoft, Amazon, Salesforce, Oracle and others. Our job is to give our customers the ability to choose application and infrastructure technology from multiple clouds and then have those different clouds coexist and interoperate gracefully. Multi-cloud interoperability is an important step in the evolution of cloud computing. Multi-cloud interoperability is one of the reasons our infrastructure business is booming, growing over 50% in U.S dollars, and almost 60% in constant dollars. We expect Oracle's total cloud business to exceed a $20 billion annual run rate next year. Now I'll highlight some of our big new infrastructure wins in Q1. Overall, we added about 1,000 new paying customers for infrastructure in Q1. Let's start off with NVIDIA. NVIDIA chose OCI to build their SaaS products for data scientists for machine learning and inferencing along with moving their entire health care platform called Clara to OCI. Mosaic has developed a state-of-the-art neural network on OCI, and they picked OCI because OCI outperformed all of the other clouds when running machine learning and AI. The Avis car rental company is moving their entire Oracle estate, along with their Oracle applications to OCI. The Chicago public schools are closing data centers and migrating their Oracle estate to the Oracle Cloud. Tanium, a leader in cybersecurity chose Oracle Cloud Infrastructure to help safeguard their customers with industry-leading security. OCI deployment will be a part of its multi-cloud strategy and delivering its SaaS platform Tanium as a service. Cigna, a health care company is migrating their existing Exadata on-premise to the Oracle Cloud. Additionally, their SaaS ERP system is being integrated with Oracle Cloud Digital Assistant. Tennessee and Oklahoma are both new government cloud customers. This was the first group of customers were all from North America. I just finished my list beginning with NVIDIA and North America and Tennessee and Oklahoma in North America. I'm now going to move to wins in LAD. AT&T in Mexico is the first case of any telco to move their entire Amdocs stack to a cloud and they're moving it their Amdocs stack to OCI's New Mexico cloud region. Avianca, one of the largest airlines in Latin America will move all of their workloads to OCI. Entel, another telecom, in fact, the largest telecom in Chile is now moving all of their critical workloads from AWS to OCI. Banco Digimais, a fintech bank in Brazil is moving their entire on-premises VMware estate to run in OCI 100%. Serasa Experian, a financial services company is moving AI training for OCR biometrics and facial recognition to OCI. Bionexo, another infotech company -- in the health care business, serving 1,500 -- 15,000 hospitals and clinics is migrating their data lake and their data warehouses from Amazon Web Services to OCI. Santander, a large bank is moving all of their databases from mainframes and Oracle databases all to the Oracle Exadata Cloud Service. Unimed, also a health care, a company health care insurance company is beginning the migration of all of their applications and database to OCI. Sky Mexico, the largest satellite paid TV producer in Mexico will move all of their data lakes and all of their data warehouses to OCI in the New Mexico region. That's Latin America. In JPAC, and maybe this is the most interesting customer I'll talk about, NRI, Nomura Research, is continuously expanding their dedicated cloud region. In Japan, they've just added a second data center NRI has. The Oracle Cloud in Japan, the NRI Oracle Cloud in Japan already runs 50% of all transactions on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. That's a mission critical application. ICI [ph] Bank Financial Services is the new customer in JPAC, Japan, Asia Pacific. Hitachi construction in Japan is moving their manufacturing, their critical manufacturing systems to OCI. [Indiscernible] timing technology, an infotech company is the new customer in Asia Pacific. Daiichi Sankyo is the first big pharma in Japan that is moving their database -- their Oracle Database workloads to the cloud. Pacific International Lines, the big transportation company is the new customer in Asia Pac. Li & Fung, a trading company, another new customer, we had -- again, eventually, we had a 1,000 new customers this quarter in OCI. [Indiscernible] another fintech company is again another big new customer for us in Asia Pacific. H2O Retailing is moving their entire VMware on-premise VMware estate to OCI. They're one of the largest retailers in Japan. Again, Asian Development Bank is the new customer in Asia Pac. [Indiscernible] Vision is an infotech company new customer. We have, again, a bunch of new customers in OCI all over the world. That's JPAC. Now let me move to EMEA. Dojo, a financial services company chose Oracle Cloud Infrastructure for their payment platform because their benchmark showed that the Oracle Cloud OCI is more secure and has better availability than the competition. Al Rajhi Bank, the world's largest Islamic Bank is in the process of moving all of its applications and databases to the Oracle Cloud. Unilever is integrating a few -- their Oracle Fusion Applications with the autonomous database to build a next generation super secure, super agile platform for Unilever. Atlantic Financial Group, an infotech company, hosts core banking functions on the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, which to many of their banking customers. Centrico [ph], an infotech company is moving all their workloads from their old data centers to a combination of OCI using OCI's multi-cloud services to access other clouds. Mio [ph], big telephone company moving over 300 Oracle Databases to the Oracle Exadata cloud. [Indiscernible], the government agency migrating all databases off their IBM mainframes and UNIX systems to the Oracle Database and to the Oracle Cloud. And I'll close with the U.K Home Office, the department is moving to the Oracle Gen2 Cloud Infrastructure with a focus on dramatically improving both security and reliability. With that, I will turn it back over to Safra.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Josh, if you could go ahead and queue up the audience for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John DiFucci with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
John DiFucci: Thank you. Hi, Safra and, Larry. A little surprised to see your strong results here when most software companies, other than some of the pure security names really faltered some against the macro backdrop. And frankly, you just didn't hear. But I want to focus the question on one area that we've gotten the most questions on since we launched coverage, and that's on organic constant currency cloud services growth. It looks like you came in above the high-end of your guidance for the quarter and you reiterated Safra that you expect greater than 30% growth for the year, which doesn't seem like a stretch like it did when you gave that first. We understand the way a subscription model works, but we obviously don't see everything that you see. Can you give us some more color around what's driving the results this quarter and what gave you the confidence in this outlook for cloud services. Was it previously contracted revenue that's just starting to ramp up with an expected increase in consumption or something else or all the above?
Safra Catz: So let me tell you, it is all of the above. But let me tell you what's really happening down at each customer level. When customers try us for some reason whether they're using Fusion and they start using OCI for their own applications, or they hear really from word of mouth and from really a need to run some of their Oracle workloads or otherwise, when they give a try to Gen2 OCI or to Fusion, for that matter, what they find is that it is phenomenal. Our Gen2 cloud is so much better than what they're used to, and is so much more flexible, and can be much more local, gives them so many more opportunities to really match to their own needs. But they're overwhelmed by the technical capabilities of our cloud and how great it is. So what happens is, they may start small, and then they accelerate in their consumption. And they sign larger and larger and more significant contracts. As you see in our RPO, there's a lot already contracted and that's without us adding a single additional customer or expanding the use. But we have, as I said so much company-specific or product specific momentum that as customers discover us, use us, give us a chance they become honestly overwhelmed by our capabilities and how much less expensive, more flexible, more secure and how differently we’re architected such that we're also more sustainable for them. And so it's just incredible company-specific, product specific momentum. And nothing really has to happen for us to continue to do very, very well here. And whether they're trying to save cost or expand growth, we help them do that in an incredibly flexible way and super, super cost competitively for them.
Larry Ellison: Yes, let me just add one sentence to that. We are the only infrastructure company that builds enterprise scale applications. As a result of building these enterprise scale applications, we have made our infrastructure much, much better. So we not only provide infrastructure and sell infrastructure, we consume the infrastructure ourselves. I think that gives us certain insights as to what we need to build at the infrastructure layer to make our application secure, reliable and so on. And easy to use and make people productive. That's why -- I think that's why what customers are discovering when they come to our cloud, that they're more productive, the system runs faster, it's more secure, it's easier to use, all of that. And that's what gives us confidence that we can build the next generation of health care applications, because we do both. We do both applications, enterprise applications and infrastructure. And we're the only one.
John DiFucci: So it sounds like that the expansion within your customer base of cloud services is becoming or has become more predictable. And that makes a lot of sense. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Philip Winslow: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Congrats on another strong quarter of organic growth. Now obviously Oracle has been delivering accelerating growth in its infrastructure and database businesses for multiple quarters now. Safra, can you give us some more color on just what the drivers are behind this and how sustainable they are, be it BYOL, database add-ons, Autonomous Database, et cetera. And then a question for Larry. Obviously, the expanded partnership with Azure announced in July received pretty universal positive feedback. And you just announced today that Oracle's MySQL HeatWave will be available on AWS. How do you think about these multi-cloud partnerships impacting the already positive existing momentum in your database business going forward?
Safra Catz: Larry, why don't you go first, and then I'll fill in if you've missed any. Yes.
Larry Ellison: Okay, boss, I will do that. Again, multi-cloud -- I think one of the issues I know a lot of people for years have been concerned about can Oracle sustain its leading market share in the database business? And I think what is clear is if our databases are available in multiple clouds, I think then the answer is clearly yes. If our database is not available in multiple clouds, then it's an interesting question whether we can and maintain it just in our own cloud. We've decided to make our best and greatest technology available in multiple clouds. And that gives customers choice, they can use it in OCI. They can use MySQL HeatWave at AWS. They have choices, but they will be able to choose between, let's say, Amazon's Aurora or Oracle's MySQL HeatWave. They will be able to choose between Snowflake or the Oracle Autonomous Database. And I think as long as we're available in multiple clouds, we're going to be very strong, very, very -- and very, very competitive against these other companies and these other technologies.
Safra Catz: And the answering for you on how is the Oracle database doing? Well, you saw we had an amazing Q4. And in Q1, again, the Oracle database is what people choose if they have real work to do. It's very secure. It's very performant and they know it has so many capabilities that you don't have to have 16 different databases to get a complicated job done. You can do everything with it in different ways. And the database options are continued to be acquired. Many more customers still want enterprise agreements, so they can BYOL, bring your own license to the Oracle Cloud. Our technology remains unbelievably strong with Java. And so the business overall, our tech business remains incredibly strong, even though it's enormous. And for many, many of the reasons I think there was a period a few years back, where folks were thinking they would try lots of other things and things that were maybe more " fashionable". I think they've realized that actually getting your job done securely, performantly, sustainably, and also really least expensive is to actually use our products to do that. And so they've been doubling down and committing and bringing those workloads to the Oracle Cloud again, propelling just incredible momentum, whether it's Cloud@Customer, dedicated regions or our public cloud.
Ken Bond: Thanks, Phil. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much for taking the question and congratulations on the strong quarter. Larry, Safra, historically, in increasingly difficult economic conditions, organizations focused on what drove revenue growth or immediate savings and thus products like Salesforce automation, with similarities received funding while back office projects were delayed. What is different this time, both from a ERP point of view and an HCM point of view? What's going to drive the sustained growth and strength that you're expecting in Oracle strategic back office? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Sure. So let me start by since I'm also the Principal Financial Officer, if I would say that in another company, I'd be the one making the decision to buy fusion ERP, and Fusion HCM. And what is absolutely clear, is that saving money in the back office is basically automatic when you use our products, when you move from, from especially from our competitors products, which are so expensive to maintain and run. When you move to fusion, you can save so much in your back office, that you can use that money to invest in things that help you extend the differentiation of your business. Now, today's the 12 of September. In fact, I signed off with our auditors on Friday, but we don't do our earnings on Friday. So we had to wait all the way till Monday. Now no other companies report on the 9th or the 8th. In fact, most companies were reporting their July quarter on last week. And here we are announcing an August quarter. Well, what does that have to do with costs? Well, I can tell you that when you are in a position to know your results, and to announce them, and to file your earnings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, you've not only saved time, you've saved millions in process dollars, and in the way you run your business. And I just want to point out that we were able to do this after acquiring in the quarter, Cerner by putting their data from their old system into Fusion and consolidating it in fusion. So we actually believe that one of the most important ways to drive business transformation is to move to a much more streamlined cloud product than running old back office systems.
Larry Ellison: Let me just add one thing. I’m sorry, let me add one thing, which is Safra addressed the issue of using modernizing back office to save money. Let me tell you another way, you can save money we -- I personally have been talking to some of Amazon's most famous brands that are running at AWS. And the AWS bill is getting very large, and they can save a huge amount of money by moving to OCI. And we expect next quarter, we'll be announcing some brands and companies moving off of Amazon to OCI that will shock you.
Mark Moerdler: I'll stop there. Amazing.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Mark. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derrick Wood with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Mark Moerdler: Great. Thanks. And I'll echo my congratulations. And Larry, thanks for all the color on the OCI wins. I was hoping to get an update on your go-to-market strategy for OCI when it's clearly becoming a more critical growth driver for you guys. Is there a dedicated Salesforce? Are you doing more bundling of OCI with other offerings? Just hoping to get an update on how you're going to market and what kind of resources you're putting around us?
Larry Ellison: Yes, because with 58% growth, it certainly seems like you're now gaining share in the cloud infrastructure market. It's a big market to go after. So any color on that would be helpful.
Safra Catz: Let me start, Larry. Absolutely.
Larry Ellison: Okay, so. …
Safra Catz: So, one of the enormous changes we made in the past year, year or so euro2 is that we've invested in a lot more engineering talent in the field to help our customers bring over workloads. And once we've shown them how to do it, and the enormous benefit they get by doing it. This is the Ultimate Sales accelerator, because there's nothing like the customer who realizes that our solution is just so much better and so much less expensive for them. And you have to do that often, by let's say, priming the pump by sending engineers, field engineers who can help the customers move those workloads and that's really propelled what's been going on in our OCI Cloud. Larry, you go ahead.
Larry Ellison: Yes, I think exactly what Safra said, and I'll add what I just repeat what I said earlier. The amount of money, these huge companies, these very famous companies spend with Amazon is kind of staggering. I mean, everyone assumes, hey, I move to the cloud, and I'd save a lot of money. It depends which cloud you move to. And Oracle is much less expensive than the competition. One, partially because we're faster, which time is money when you're when you're paying by the hour. So again, I'm going to repeat, we're talking to the most famous brands that are running at Amazon, and some of them are going to be moving very soon.
Mark Moerdler: Exciting. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Thanks, Derrick. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent. Thank you, and congrats on the solid execution. Larry, we've heard of some very exciting things happening with Cerner pretty quickly after the deal just closed with some hospital networks, we heard from significantly expanding their existing contracts. Can you talk about the unique value you're able to deliver now that Cerner is a part of Oracle and the broader expansion opportunity that you see ahead. And if I could just sneak in one for you as well, Safra $1.7 billion in CapEx and q1 is a pretty big number. And I know very well that you don't spend frivolously What can you tell us about the big step up here?
Larry Ellison: Okay, I'll go first, let's have a bug with 1.7 CapEx is there's just so much demand. Safra mentioned we have more data centers in more countries and in more cities than either Amazon, or AWS. And we're expanding because the demand is there. We expect to be growing in the 50% range for cloud services. And that means we're going to be -- we are going to be half to -- half to be adding a lot of data center capacity and opening a lot of new data centers and we're doing that. The fact that we're running in Oracle Cloud data centers running half of Tokyo Stock Exchange, as the other cloud vendors, how many stock exchanges they run. The -- our stuff is very secure, it's very reliable, it's very performance, it's very, very cost effective. And therefore we have huge opportunity, therefore, we're spending the money to expand. We have a huge opportunity for growth, and we're not going to miss it. But we're still going to be as you know, Safra is very cautious. We're very, we're always very cautious. We pay a lot of attention to profitability. But we also have to pay attention to the top line, as well as the bottom line and take advantage of this growth opportunity. And I think there was a second part of the question that [indiscernible].
Brad Zelnick: Cerner, he asked you all about Cerner. Cerner. a big other part. Yes, one of the things I think that we don't really talk about, but I alluded to the fact that we both build applications, and we run them with on our infrastructure. The tools we use for building applications, our latest generation of tools, are the autonomous database very different than from all the Oracle databases or any other database that came before. There are no DBAs. There is no human labor associated with running the Oracle Database anymore. So there can be no human error. The costs are so much cheaper. Our own internal cloud, our own cloud OCI, uses autonomous database to run all the control systems, because claim [indiscernible] doesn't want to hire a lot of DBAs to lower costs. Also, he doesn't want any errors of commission. It's much more reliable than when you have human beings driving the car. We use that for the next generation of Cerner, the Oracle Autonomous database. We pair that with an all new application development tool called Apex [ph], which is a low code tool. So our newest applications, our very newest applications that we were built, we are building, we're building any autonomous database with Apex, which allows us to do stuff that would have taken three or four years in less than a year. So we expect to have our first pretty complete new Cerner health management product out within 12 months, which I think is going to, again, it's something we never could have done with the previous generation of databases or the previous generation of application development tools. But all of that has changed. We have these phenomenal low code tools. I mean, one of the things about the low code tool is you almost -- you don't have to do security audits because security is built into the tool. You can't build an insecure applications using Apex [Indiscernible] tolerance is built into the tool, if the application should fail, it's a stateless application. So it immediately failover into another data center in a millisecond and keep running, no one will even know about the failure. So our new generation of application development tools is going to enable us to modernize the server -- the Cerner technology at a rate that would be inconceivable a couple of years ago.
Brad Zelnick: Amazing. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Brad. That does appear to be our last question. So a telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Josh for closing.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you very much for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-06-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter 2022 Conference Call. It's now my pleasure to hand today's conference over to Oracle's Senior Vice President, Ken Bond.
Ken Bond: Great. Thank you, David. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from the Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. As you can see, we had an excellent quarter across the board with total revenue growing 10% in constant currency, the highest organic growth we've seen since 2011, and $240 million above the high end of my constant currency guidance. Earnings were equally strong as the EPS was $0.20 above the high end of guidance. What Q4 demonstrates is that our business is accelerating. A growing list of customers, many new to Oracle are choosing us for more products and services as they understand the benefits of Oracle technology. Our technology helps make our customers modern, efficient and more productive. And they got to see that during the pandemic, and now it's very clear. Those customers are then becoming larger Oracle customers. Fusion customers are buying OCI. OCI customers are buying Fusion and NetSuite. Database customers are moving to autonomous on OCI. Industry vertical customers are going all in on Fusion. We have real momentum all around. Going forward and despite the macro environment, we continue to expect the revenue growth in our cloud business will accelerate substantially in fiscal year '23. We are also excited about completing the Cerner acquisition. Larry spoke at our Oracle Health Strategy session last week, and he'll give you more details today, and I'll fill in with some numbers. As you can see in the financial statements, the currency headwind this past quarter was 5%, which was considerably higher than the 2% to 3%, it was during our last earnings call. Following my regular custom, I'll be reviewing our non-GAAP USD results using constant currency growth rates so you have a clear view of the business as we manage it. Now for Q4, total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter was $7.6 billion, up 7% in constant currency again, driven by Fusion, NetSuite, autonomous database and, of course, Gen 2 OCI. Total cloud revenues, that's IaaS plus SaaS was USD 2.5 billion, up 22% in constant currency. Application subscription revenues were $3.2 billion, up 9% in constant currency. Our strategic back-office cloud applications now have an annualized revenue of $5.4 billion and grew 24% in constant currency this quarter, including Fusion ERP up 23% and NetSuite ERP up 30%. Infrastructure subscription revenues were $4.4 billion, up 5% in constant currency. Infrastructure, cloud services now have an annualized revenue of more than $3.2 billion, and excluding our legacy hosting services, infrastructure cloud services grew 49%, including OCI consumption revenue, which was up 83%. Cloud@Customer consumption revenue, which was up 108% and autonomous database, which was up 29%. License revenues were $2.5 billion, up 25% in constant currency led by database sales for use in the cloud by major application cloud SaaS companies. As a result our database business had an exceptional quarter with total database revenue up double digits. So all in, total revenue for the quarter were $11.8 billion, up 10% in constant currency. Operating expenses were up 11% as we continue to invest to meet growing demand for our cloud services. For the quarter, the gross margin for cloud services and license support was 82% and the gross profit dollars grew 4%. The full year growth of this gross profit was 4% higher than the 2% we saw last year, and I expect it will be significantly higher in FY '23. Though we will continue to invest in growth, we should benefit from economies of scale of running our cloud business as it gets larger. You should keep in mind that our fundamental principle going forward is to grow non-GAAP EPS while accelerating cloud revenue growth. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.6 billion, up 8% from last year, and the operating margin was 47%, once again higher than all of our competitors. And even while we've been investing aggressively for growth, we've maintained our financial discipline. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 10.1 and below our base tax rate of 19% as we received a benefit from the resolution of some tax matters in Q4. EPS was $1.54 in U.S. dollars, up 7% in constant currency, unchanged in USD. GAAP EPS was $1.16, down 8% in constant currency, down 15% in USD. Now for the -- let me go through the full fiscal year, though I've given you some full year numbers so far every once in a while. For the full fiscal year, total company revenues were $42.4 billion, up 7% in constant currency and our highest annual growth rate in more than 10 years. Total applications revenue grew 8% compared to 5% last year, and total infrastructure revenue grew 7% compared to 2% growth last year. Clearly, our revenue growth accelerated this year as investments into our cloud businesses are paying off. Total cloud services and license support revenue for the year was $30.2 billion, up 6%. Total cloud services were up 22% to $10.8 billion. Non-GAAP EPS was 4.9 -- was USD 4.90, up 5% in USD, up 8% in constant currency. The full year operating margin percentage was 46%, up 2% from pre-pandemic levels and down a little bit -- down 1% from last year. Operating cash flow over the last 4 quarters was $9.5 billion, and free cash flow was $5 billion with capital expenditures of $4.5 billion during the year. For the quarter, operating cash flow was $4 billion and free cash flow was $2.6 billion. At quarter end, we had nearly $22 billion in cash and marketable securities, but that's lower now that Cerner has closed. The short-term deferred revenue balance was $8.4 billion, up slightly in constant currency. The remaining performance obligation or RPO balance is $46.6 billion, up 17% in constant currency due to strong bookings. Approximately 57% is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 8 million shares for a total of $600 million. In addition, we paid out dividends of $3.5 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. With the completion of the Cerner acquisition, which happened after the end of Q4, actually, this last week, we've added about $15.8 billion of debt. And we anticipate retaining our investment-grade credit rating, meaning that for the time being, we're going to focus on reducing our debt balance while continuing our share repurchases at current levels. In addition, I don't believe the dividend will be impacted at all. Once the debt level has declined, we'll reexamine share repurchase levels. Now to the guidance. We feel very optimistic about our business momentum. And we also recognize that there is increasing macro uncertainty right now. In addition, since we ceased operations in Russia in March and made other adjustments in the region, we have factored out around $100 million per quarter from guidance that we used to receive from these customers. Taking all that into account, I do expect our cloud business, which grew 22% this year, will organically grow more than 30% in constant currency in FY '23. Cloud service and license support will also see growth acceleration and could well see double-digit organic growth. As I said earlier, our fundamental principle is to grow EPS while accelerating cloud revenue growth. Given our increasing confidence in organic revenue growth, we will continue to prudently invest back in the business and you can already see the returns in our performance. Revenue growth accelerated from 2% in FY '21 to 7% this year. Clearly, there's strong demand for our cloud services, and we intend to capitalize it -- to capitalize on it. As such, I expect our CapEx spend will be higher in FY '23 to meet the demand. We expect to add another 6 regions in fiscal 2023 in addition to the 38 cloud regions across 20 countries that we have already serving our customers. I also want to share how we will be running Cerner since it will impact their contribution to Oracle going forward. We are already working actively to build and implement world-class health care cloud capabilities. Larry will go over that. This means that we are reviewing their entire product portfolio to identify areas where we can include Oracle technology rather than third-party products as well as moving them to OCI. These efforts will deliver a more stable, secure and innovative product portfolio for customers while using less third-party products. We remain confident in our ability to grow Cerner's top line and bottom line faster than they were able to do so on their own as these changes are implemented. Now let me turn to my guidance. I'll review Q1 on a non-GAAP basis and if currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have a 3% to 4% negative impact on total revenue and maybe $0.05 to $0.06 negative effect on EPS in Q1. However, actual currency impact may be different. Total revenues for Q1, including Cerner, are expected to grow from 20% to 22% in constant currency, and are expected to grow 17% to 19% in USD at today's exchange rate. As with past acquisitions, have added conservatism for the Cerner revenue contribution to account for the transition. For Q1, cloud -- total cloud excluding Cerner is expected to grow from 25% to 28% in constant currency and is expected to grow from 22% to 25% in USD. As I mentioned above, for fiscal year 2023, total cloud excluding Cerner is expected to grow over 30% in constant currency. Total cloud growth in Q1, including Cerner is expected to grow from 47% to 50% in constant currency, 44% to 47% in USD. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 6% to 10% and be between $1.09 and $1.13 in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 1% to 5% and be between $1.04 and $1.08 in USD. And as I've said before, Cerner will be accretive to earnings this year, including Q1. My EPS guidance for Q1 assumes a base tax rate of 19%. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. As Safra said, our plan is to accelerate cloud revenue growth, while continuing to grow earnings per share. First, let me provide some detail on how we plan to accelerate cloud revenue growth. It all starts with our two most important verticals: health care and financial services. In health care, we’re in the process of building a complete suite of applications for the entire health care ecosystem, starting with health care providers like hospitals and clinics. We’re modernizing Cerner’s clinical systems by adding capabilities like a voice user interface and applications like disease-specific AI models for cancer and other diseases. We’re including an IoT device network to improve patient diagnostics and monitoring. We’re adding administrative systems, including managing the incredibly complex contract workforce that hospitals have as doctors are not bolt-on employees nor are nurses. We are going to help recruiting, scheduling and paying those contract workers according to their contracts. Inventory at hospitals is enormously complicated. Inventories aren’t in a central location. You find inventory in nurse’s stations outside operating rooms, outside the intensive care unit. There’s inventory everywhere. Managing that inventory is very complicated. We’re adding RFID tags and maps on handheld phones to help people find what they’re looking for quickly. For payers, including insurance companies and governments, we’re automating payment authorization and billing systems. For pharmaceutical companies, we’re integrating our clinical trial system directly into the hospital clinical system, making clinical trials easier to start and faster to complete. We can do all of this and more because we’re building these health care applications using the latest most productive technologies in the cloud, namely, the Oracle Autonomous Database and the APEX low code programming language. Using these tools, security and reliability are built into the technology platform, not the application. In our financial services vertical, we’re working with major money center banks and leading logistics companies to automate B2B commerce from directly within the Oracle ERP Cloud. For example, when a hospital wants to buy an X-ray machine, that hospital simply enters a purchase request for the X-ray machine into their Oracle ERP procurement system. That procurement system then sends that order directly to the selling company’s Oracle ERP order management system and automatically originates a corresponding loan request from that hospital’s preferred bank. The company selling the X-ray machine uses their Oracle ERP order management system to check product availability and submit a shipping request to their preferred logistics provider to automatically quote a delivery date to the buyer. The entire B2B commerce process is automated within the Oracle Cloud. Purchasing, selling, loan origination, shipping, billing and payments. Automating B2B commerce is yet another huge opportunity for Oracle. We already have over 30,000 Cloud ERP customers, including many of the world’s most important banks and leading logistics companies. Let’s take a moment to look at the progress we continue to make in our Oracle ERP Cloud, starting with health care. We’ve got a very strong position in health care with the providers, including Kaiser, Mayo Clinic, Cleveland Clinic, Mount Sinai, Northwell Health, Tenet, HCM Health, Highmark Health, Humana, Cigna and many others. In Q4, we closed United Healthcare, a win over SAP. We won the NHS, the UK’s second major move to the Cloud. We won New South Wales Ministry of Health in Australia for ERP and SCM. We won WellSpan, a regional provider in Pennsylvania with eight hospitals. We won Abcam, a UK life sciences company, increasing their footprint in ERP and SCM. Going live in Q4 were the Cleveland Clinic with ERP and SCM, UC Health for ERP and SCM, Pfizer on enterprise performance management, UK Health went live, Atrium Health went live, all in Q4. In financial services, our other really big vertical, we had, as I said earlier, we have a very strong position with the money center banks with ERP. Bank of America uses Fusion applications. JPMorgan Chase uses Fusion applications. So does Santander, Bank of New York Mellon, HSBC, Lloyds, Macquarie, Credit Suisse, UBS, Credit Agricole, SMFB, TD Bank, Societe Generale, Vanguard, State Street. I can go on and on, but let me go to the results in Q4. In Q4, we won at Citibank a big ERP win against SAP. We won at Chubb. We won at PNC, the sixth largest bank in the United States. We won at SMBC, the largest Japanese-owned bank in the United States. We won Oversea China Banking Corp. We won Mizuho, the third largest bank in Japan. TIAA, Desjardins, Mitsui Sumitomo also in Japan. GMP, one of Mexico’s largest financial services company. We have a very, very strong position in financial services. That’s one of the key groups of partners that we’re working to automate B2B commerce, along with the logistics companies. In retail, we won, well, we already had Kohl’s, Office Depot, Macy’s, Kroger’s, Albertson’s, Petco, McDonald’s, Chipotle, Tiffany, Sachs, Williams-Sonoma, Walmart, CVS, but in Q4, we added to that list. We added Lowe’s and Albertson’s and Sherwin-Williams and Abercrombie & Fitch. We had major go-lives at Macy’s, Next Doors, and the Co-op Stores, all in retail. In communications, where we’re already present at AT&T, Orange, MTN, Bharti Airtel, Rogers, Wind Tre, Telecom Italia, KPN and SEC, we won Virgin Media. We had a major expansion at AT&T, an ERP SCM expansion. We won a major expansion ERP and EPM at Verizon. Very, very strong quarter in telecommunications with a huge go-live at KPN, the Dutch telecom company, in ERP and SCM. Service wins, we already have PwC, KPMG, Booz Allen, True Blue, Securitas, Waste Management, Skanska, McDermott-Jacobs. We won in Q4 BDO, Verisk Analytics and the Mudafalo Group. Go-lives in Q4 in services included Pricewaterhouse, Manpower Group, TriNet and Republic Services. In the public sector, we had a major win at the State of Missouri, wall-to-wall at the State of Missouri, ERP, SCM, HCM. That was a win over Workday, SAP and everybody else. We won at the Scottish Government. We won at the UK Home Office. We won a State of Switzerland, Vaud. We won General Organization for Social Insurance in Saudi Arabia. We won a deal with the police department in the State of Victoria in Australia. We had major go-lives in public sector in the City of St. Louis and Norfolk County, UK. In hospitality, where we already have Marriott, Hilton, Caesar’s, MGM, Lowes, Royal Caribbean and Park Hotels, we added Airbnb for ERP expansion, a win over Workday, and Intercontinental Hotels and Resorts. Logistics, again, this is our other big group of partners in our major effort to automate B2B commerce from within the Oracle ERP Cloud. We have a very strong position globally in logistics. Our customers include UPS, FedEx, DHL, Swift, Schneider, Union Pacific, Yellow. We added An Post, the postal service of Ireland. The go-lives included DHL, UPS and Deutsche Post. In higher ed, where we’re already installed at Princeton, Cambridge, Julliard, Vanderbilt, UCLA, University of Chicago, Edenborough, Rutgers, Baylor, UCSD and lots and lots of others, we added the University of Maine, East Tennessee State, Villanova and the State University of New York at Stony Brook. Other notable wins in the quarter, on high-tech, we won Teradata. We won a big win at Toyota Motor, an ERP win. At Denso, again, let’s see, what else we got. Berry Global, let’s see, AP Team was another ERP win in energies. Okay. So it was a very, very strong quarter. We’re very excited about our momentum in ERP and how we can expand ERP from what it was when it was an on-premise system to what it can be in terms of B2B commerce automation now that it’s a cloud system. With that, I’m going to turn it back to Safra.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. David, if you please poll the audience for questions, we'll go to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mark Murphy with JP Morgan.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much and congratulations on the double-digit growth in the quarter. So Larry, your vision of a national health record database is very compelling. It would be a profound benefit to society. Just considering that several trillion dollars are spent on healthcare, what do you see as the size of the opportunity for Oracle and Cerner if you solve that particular problem?
Lawrence Ellison: Well, the national health records database solves 2 problems, and it allows patients in the case of an emergency to have their caregivers get immediate access to all of their health records, which will deliver way better outcomes for people. The other is public health officials will get much better information about the state of health in their country. So I mean, the amount of -- having this knowledge, it's -- we dramatically improved healthcare but we also save an enormous amount of money by doing that. I don't know if you remember when we sent that hospital [shipped] (ph) in New York City because the officials in New York thought they were about to run out of the hospital beds. It turns out they were wrong. We didn't run out of hospital beds, but they didn't know. They don't have -- public health officials don't have access to that kind of information. They're a bit flying -- it was very clear there are -- in a lot of cases, they were flying blind during the pandemic. By providing this information, we save a lot of lives and we save a lot of money. The scale of the opportunity is gigantic because it's not -- people think of it as a national opportunity. It's a global opportunity. Every country -- I mean, if you look at Western Europe, the Western Europe budgets are dominated by health care. If they can save lives and save money by putting in modern information systems, they'll do it and they'll do it quickly. It's clearly going to be our largest business.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Congratulations on a really solid quarter. So Safra, you mentioned on the conference call that you guys are putting up this type of result even on the backdrop, that's not the most stable kind of macro backdrop. And we're seeing a lot of other software companies seeing slipped deals, seeing issues with the consumer, Internet companies lowering their spend. You guys seem to be working through this very well. Can you give us some color into how you're doing it? Is it better execution? Is the Oracle value proposition going through more clearly? Can you help us understand where you're able to put up a bigger beat when a lot of guys are working with skinnier beat if at all during this period?
Safra Catz : Okay. Well, first of all, you have to understand, we're a very big company. We have thousands -- hundreds of thousands of existing customers. Our products also are so compelling that often customers save money by moving to OCI. They -- also many of our customers realized during the pandemic that they absolutely had to have modern systems. Those companies that didn't have modern systems fairly survived through the pandemic. They have to have a digital connection with their customers, with their employees, with their suppliers. Those are the kinds of products we have. And when customers move, let's say, from Amazon to us, the moment they try us, they realize, whoa, this is better and more economical. And of course, for Oracle workloads, you can't get anywhere close to what we can do. So we have a lot of things working in our favor. Our products, of course, our Fusion products are superb. I mean we have so many customers. This call is not long enough to reach them. And of course, NetSuite is, again, industry-leading like Fusion for a different part of the market, incredible momentum. And now we -- by the way, as I mentioned, there's about $100 million a quarter that is just the Russia, Ukraine region, that we stopped charging our customers in Ukraine when they were invaded even though we continue to help them. And of course, we suspended everything in Russia. So we just are just trying to meet our customers' needs. The biggest issue is having enough to meet demand. And I'm actually very happy with the way we manage the supply chain this past quarter, and I'm hoping that it will be -- it will continue to get better because that will give us more capacity and more capability to deliver to our customers. So I mean, we just have so much momentum. We have so many happy customers. And they're just -- new customers are just buying more. You get into the cycle that's very virtuous and people really build confidence in our capability to execute and also the overall economic message and offering that we're giving, We've always tried to give a compelling financial offering. And I think that's really resonating in these times.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank.
Brad Zelnick : Thanks very much for taking my questions and congrats on the great results. Larry, we picked up a meaningful uptick in the number of large enterprise agreements or ULAs that customers are doing with Oracle. And in particular, to satisfy their database needs, both on-premise and also in the cloud. Do you have any telemetry or other insights into customer behavior to see where they're deploying these licenses? And can you talk about why BYOL is so important to your strategy and the longevity of Oracle database? And maybe just for Safra as well, that license number was so strong. And in your prepared remarks, you mentioned license growth was led by database use in the cloud by major app cloud SaaS companies. Just wondering if there's any more color you can provide there.
Lawrence Ellison : Yes. With the exception of Workday, most of the big application companies maybe conspicuously, salesforce.com is a very large Oracle user. And they license our database for use in their cloud. But they're not the only ones. There are a lot of SaaS companies that use our database in the cloud. And that keeps our license business very, very strong. Our database license business is very, very strong. We don't confuse a license for on-premise. Some licenses classically are used on-premise, but a lot of the new licenses that we're selling allow our customers to take those licenses and run them in the cloud, whether it's our cloud or other people's clouds or in the case of Salesforce in their own cloud. So it's -- the Oracle database is still the #1 database in the world by a significant margin. And it's the #1 database in the cloud when you start counting all of the SaaS companies that use the Oracle Database.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: Congratulations on the strong quarter and the very positive commentary and guidance. I'd like to drill a little more on this question of people's concerns. With the increasing concerns of recession by many, can you tell me what you're seeing for the apps part of the business and more specifically for ERP? What I'm trying to understand is how will the shift in ERP to the cloud be impacted by any economic slowdown or won't it be? How should we think about that?
Lawrence Ellison : Well, I'm not sure I call it -- I'm sorry, Safra, Pease go ahead.
Safra Catz : No. You go ahead, Larry. You go ahead.
Lawrence Ellison : Yes. Okay. I'm not sure I'd call it countercyclical, but the cloud systems cost a lot less than the on-premise systems to run. So -- and they give you much better information. They allow you to control expenses better. They don't cost that much to implement because you pay for them over time. So we -- what we're seeing is a -- let's take a look at NetSuite, which is the low end of the market, and you think those would be the companies to be most affected by the recession. It's not JPMorgan Chase. They'll keep building -- they'll keep putting in new systems. But some smaller entrepreneur-led companies, you think that the recession we got them. They had -- we got the most revenue we ever got from NetSuite this past quarter. and the highest growth rate that we've ever gotten from NetSuite this past quarter. They are accelerating into the recession because we think the benefits are enormous and it equips the companies to compete more effectively. And again, we don't see that business slowing down. Quite the contrary, we see our ERP business both Fusion and NetSuite accelerating. This in spite of the macroeconomic situation. Safra?
Safra Catz : Yes. I think people don't realize how exorbitantly expensive it is to run those large SAP systems. They have data centers associated with them. They have hundreds, sometimes thousands of technicians to run them. They're old, they're clunky and moving to Fusion ERP. It's just a totally different world and costs So - the costs are tiny in comparison. I think people sort of forget that. And this applies really to all on-premise systems, but even more so to those old SAP systems. And our cloud offering in that area really is unrivaled. Frankly, unrivaled. And we -- our win rates just continue. And we're very optimistic about it, and we've sold a lot. A lot is still being implemented, and we expect that you'll see that in the numbers, while our customers end up spending less than what they use to spend with on-premise.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow: Last quarter, Safra, you expected organic revenue growth to reach double digits next fiscal year. And so congratulations on reaching that double-digit milestone this quarter. Now within today's results, 2 numbers really stood out to us. First was the upside to license revenue. And then second was your commentary about total database revenue growing in the double digits. So my question is, Safra, Larry, can you give us more color on what's driving that reacceleration in license revenue in particular? Even as cloud revenue inflected to its highest growth rate in more than 4 years, is this BYOL bringing the heat? Is this autonomous database getting big enough and growing fast enough to lift the overall number, et cetera. And is this the broad-based demand that you mentioned on the Q3 call? Or is this more big deal driven?
Safra Catz : So it's a little of both. You see, first of all, large enterprises understand that having an unlimited agreement for some period of time, an unlimited agreement gives them unbelievable flexibility. Any large customer, large database user that does not have an unlimited agreement with us is really not optimizing for their spend because it gives them incredible flexibility. They can use on-premise for as long as they need it. They can move to the cloud and get a much lower price in the cloud with BYOL, and they can move back and forth. And it just gives us the kind of flexibility. Those agreements are the ultimate sort of the foundation of so much of what goes on. In addition, of course, in technology, we also have our leading Java business, which on-premise is an extensive use and in the cloud is at no charge. So customers can be motivated to bring their Java to the Oracle Cloud and to use it at no charge, their Java program and to use it at no charge. So we have a lot of things that incent bringing your Oracle databases to our cloud and, of course, all your Java work to our cloud. So both of those are absolutely critical for our license numbers to be as strong as they are. And the Oracle database, I've been following Oracle for, well, since the '80s. And I always -- we always hear about some new product that's about to overtake Oracle. And the reality is that the Oracle database is beyond the gold standard. If you really need work done and if you want to protect your most critical data and you want to use large amounts of it, it is going to be the Oracle database that is head and shoulders above every other product. And invariably, some folks try other things when they get bigger, they always come back to the Oracle database It is irreplaceable because of its technical capabilities that are so far superior. And that becomes very, very, very clear to customers and more and more of them license -- continue their license and extend those unlimited agreements, whether for on-premise and in the cloud. It's not either or it's both, and that is the best use of it.
Lawrence Ellison: I'll add 1 thing to that, which is the Oracle Autonomous Database is interesting because it's autonomous. In other words, it doesn't require human beings to run it like database administrators, things like that. Recently, inside of Oracle, inside of our cloud, virtually every database going up for -- to run our cloud, the autonomous database because people don't want to hire database administrators inside of Oracle Corporation. It's just much cheaper to run. And I think in that sense, the Autonomous database is countercyclical. You do save a huge amount of money just by moving from conventional Oracle database to the autonomous database. It's actually more secure, more reliable and cost Wales to run. You don't need a bunch of experts running it. You don't need anyone to run it. There is a programming language called APEX, which uses -- it's a low code programming environment where you use 10% the name amount of programmers that you would use if you were programming in our other programming language called Java. And APEX is also becoming very popular inside of Oracle to build applications. I see this as 2 interesting trends as people using more modern technology to dramatically reduce their labor costs, which I think will play very well in the next couple of years in this economy.
Operator: And our final question comes from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on a good quarter. Safra, can you just give any additional color on the CapEx outlook for fiscal '23 relative to what we saw this year? And then just to clarify on the buyback, I just want to make sure I heard it correctly. Is the pace of buyback that we saw this last quarter still reasonable for the near term, even with the incremental debt from Cerner?
Safra Catz : Yes. So let me hit the buyback first because I know I gave you quite a word sandwich there at the end. I was losing steam. We bought back $600 million this past quarter. I think we bought back about $600 million the previous quarter. I expect to do about the same this quarter. Usually, I don't give you the number in advance. But since previous quarter, to those 2, we did $7 billion and a couple of $8 billion. We're not going to be at that level. We'll be at the $600 million for a few quarters until I see where our debt levels are. And so $600 million a quarter is probably what I'm targeting. It could be a little bit more potentially but that's kind of where I'm at. And then on CapEx, okay. So you noticed how I mentioned how many regions we have, we have just put out -- put up so many regions over the past 1.5 years or 2. I think we now have more than Amazon or we're in -- I think we do already have more than Amazon already. We are going to build another 6, and we're going to expand the ones that we have because they are being used so extensively. In many cases, they are spoken for. And so I expect CapEx, which was where it was this year. I think it will be a little bit more than what it was this year, next year. I'll be giving a little bit more detailed guidance as I see it playing out over the year. But we have so much -- I mean we have so much cloud demand that I am going to continue to spend in capital expenditure. But I do believe that as a percentage of our revenue growth. I think I'll start really feeling those economies of scale and increasing my gross margins and my operating margin significantly.
Ken Bond: A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on the Investor Relations website. Thanks for joining today. With that, I'll turn it back to David for closing.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-03-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Oracle's Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. It's now my pleasure to hand today's conference over to Oracle Senior Vice President, Ken Bond.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from the Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from the Investor Relations website following this call. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. However, we will be making no comments regarding Cerner. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to start by acknowledging the tragic events unfolding in Eastern Europe as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. We are working incredibly hard to help our Ukrainian employees and support our customers and partners. We have suspended all Oracle operations in Russia, and we did so well over a week ago. I'll now turn to Oracle's third quarter results. I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates unless I say otherwise. And clearly, we had an excellent quarter with total revenue growing over 7%. Not only was total revenue above the midpoint of my guidance, but it was also the highest organic growth rate since we began our transition to the cloud. We saw broad-based outperformance in all segments. And for the first time in more than 10 years, all segments of our business saw growth. Total cloud revenues, when annualized, are now $11.2 billion, and they grew 26%. I expect the cloud revenue will exit the fiscal year growing in the mid-20s. Total cloud services and license support revenues for the quarter were $7.6 billion, up 8% and accounted for 73% of total company revenue. GAAP application subscription revenues saw record level organic growth of 10% and were $3.2 billion. Fusion apps were up 29%, with strategic back-office applications now having annualized revenue of $5.1 billion and growing 30%, including Fusion ERP, up 35%, and Fusion HCM, up 22%, and NetSuite ERP, up 29%. GAAP infrastructure subscription revenues were $4.5 billion, up 7% and higher than last quarter. And excluding legacy hosting services, infrastructure cloud services grew more than 60%. And I expect the infrastructure revenue growth rate will trend higher over time. OCI consumption, which includes autonomous database, was up 93%, also higher than last quarter. And total Cloud at Customer revenue was up 43%, with the backlog for Cloud at Customer machines growing to triple digits. Database subscription revenues, including database support and database cloud services, were up 4%, and again, higher than last quarter. License revenues were $1.3 billion, up 4%, with strong performance in our tech business. So all in, total revenues for the quarter were $10.5 billion, up over 7%, and as I mentioned earlier, our highest organic growth rate in over 10 years. Operating expenses were up 10% this quarter as we invest to meet growing demand for our cloud services. The gross margins for cloud services and license support was 84%, and the gross profit dollars grew 5%. I expect the full year growth in gross profit dollars for cloud services and license support will be higher than last year. Our plan is to continue to grow profits while we push our top line growth into double digits next year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.8 billion, up 4% from last year. And the operating margin was 46%, higher than all of our competitors. Earnings per share was adversely affected by around $0.05 per share, primarily due to share price declines of equity investments impacted by the widespread downturn in equity markets last quarter. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19%, in line with our base tax rate. And earnings per share was $1.13 in U.S. dollars, up 1% in constant currency and down 3% in U.S. dollars. The GAAP tax rate was 18.4%, slightly below our base rate and the GAAP earnings per share was $0.84 in U.S. dollars. Operating cash flow for the last 4 quarters was $10.4 billion, and our free cash flow over the same period was $6.6 billion. Both results were negatively affected by a one-time litigation charge in Q2. Capital expenditures for the last 4 quarters were $3.8 billion, and CapEx for Q3 was $1.1 billion. And we're on track to invest $4 billion in CapEx this year. We now have more than $23 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $7.9 billion, up 1%, with gross deferred revenue growing 6%. The remaining performance obligation, or RPO, balance is $38.5 billion, up 13% in constant currency due to very strong bookings. Approximately 59% is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. As we've said many times before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases and prudent use of debt and the dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 7 million shares for a total of 600 million as we reduced the buybacks in advance of the purchase of Cerner. We've paid out dividends of $3.5 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. Our business is strong as our fast-growing cloud business continues to become a larger proportion of the overall business. A few points. First, my guidance assumes that Cerner does not close in Q4, though it very well may close in the quarter. And again, Cerner should be accretive in the first year. Secondly, cloud is fundamentally a more profitable business to on-premise. And I expect that our full year non-GAAP operating margins for fiscal year 2022, which we're finishing now, will be 1% to 2% higher than pre-pandemic levels of 44%. Let me now turn to my guidance for Q4, which I'll provide on a non-GAAP basis. Now the U.S. dollar strengthened dramatically in November. And as you all know, it was a lot of fluctuations this quarter. But assuming currency exchange rates remain the same as they are right now, I expect we will see a currency headwind of 2% to 3% on revenue and $0.05 negative for EPS in Q4. Of course, the dollar could easily strengthen from here. Total revenue for Q4 is expected to grow between 6% to 8% in constant currency and grow between 3% to 5% in USD. Cloud service and license support revenue for Q4 is expected to grow between 6% to 8% in constant currency and grow between 4% to 6% in USD. Non-GAAP EPS for Q4 is expected to be between 1.40 and 1.44 in constant currency. GAAP EPS is expected to be between 1.35 and 1.39 in USD. Now both non-GAAP and GAAP EPS are expected to decline year-over-year due to some large investment gains we saw last year as well as a very low tax rate last year. It was 10.7%. Both of these masked the strong earnings growth and momentum we continue to see out of our core cloud business. My EPS guidance for Q4 assumes a base tax rate of 19%. As I always say, however, onetime tax events could cause actual rates for any given quarter to be higher or lower, but I expect that in normalizing for these onetime tax events, our non-GAAP tax rates will average around 19% or so. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. I have 2 parts to my comments. I'm going to start with, if you will, business as usual. And that is going from strength to strength in our ERP and HCM cloud businesses. I'm going to go over the wins and the go-lives for our SaaS -- strategic SaaS business. Second, I'm going to talk about our brand-new MySQL HeatWave product. I think it's fair to say, and I'm going to read the quotes -- what I'm going to do is speak a little bit about it, and then I'm going to read the quotes from analysts and customers. And I think you'll find that we've never had a product so well received by customers and analysts in our history. I'm not sure the industry has either. These are really -- it's a remarkable innovation, but I'm going to get to that in a second. First, how is our SaaS business doing right now? Overall, we have incredible progress, winning more and more in the ERP and HCM back office. Q3 was an exceptionally strong quarter for ERP cloud sales. We now have over 10,000 Fusion ERP, HCM customers. And for the first time, we're beginning to see -- we've been in this business long enough. We're beginning to see us roll up certain industries, starting with the largest industry on Earth, health care. Okay. So how are we doing in health care? We already have Tenet Health, Kaiser, Mayo Clinic, Cleveland Clinic, Northwell Health, Mount Sinai, Atrium Health. I can go a long list of ERP and HCM wins in the health care -- those are all health care providers. We've added some additional health care providers, mainly hospitals and clinics. We've added the CHS Community Health Services. That's a consortium, that's 83 hospitals, and it's an ERP, HCM, SCM win there. And we're replacing Kronos. I call that out because Kronos -- hospitals really are -- while they're not recognized having some similarities to Uber, they have a lot of people that work at hospitals that are not employees at the hospitals. Hospitals have a gig economy. Doctors work in multiple hospitals, multiple clinics, have their own offices. Nurses, same thing. Scheduling and paying the workforce in hospitals is one of the most complicated things ongoing in our changing economy. And we have adapted our HCM systems so that we do help the hospitals recruit, track, schedule and pay for their health professionals. The only other company that was doing that, someone not very well known is Kronos. And we're beginning to replace out Kronos in the hospital space, and we did it to community health systems. We won an HCM deal over Workday at TriHealth. Loma Linda University's health care, health centers, we won an HCM over there, and they already have our ERP. Health care is interesting. I started by talking about hospitals, provide -- people who provide health care. Health care industry is much bigger than that. There are medical device manufacturers. They are pharmaceutical companies. They are the payers, insurance companies and government agencies that are all part of this health care ecosystem.  So we're not just focused on providers like hospitals and clinics, but also we won a big ERP deal over SAP at Johnson & Johnson -- at J&J. We won a big ERP deal over SAP at the medical device company, Haemonetics. We won an ERP deal at Saskatchewan Health Authority, one of the government payer, and most of the payers in health care are governments. So it's this entire ecosystem that we're building specific features and functions for to automate health care across the board. No one has been able to roll up health care. It was pack a little bit. This portion of just the providers, just the ambulatory clinics, just the inpatient hospitals, just the payers, just the pharmaceutical company, just the medical device. We're going after the entire integrated ecosystem, and we're having some great results. Obviously, that influenced our decision to buy Cerner. We have great go-lives at Franciscan Missionaries health system. That's a consortium of over 20 hospitals. We wanted INTEGRIS Health. They went live on our ERP, HCM, FCM, 16 hospitals. Nemours Children's Health went live in HCM with 34,000 users. So health care has been a real strength for us. And obviously, we'll get stronger with Cerner as we provide additional capability to providers. Okay.  The other industry that we've always outlined as being a key strategic target of ours in addition to health care are -- is financial services. And we have a very strong position in financial services, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Santander, Bank New York Mellon, HSBC, Lloyds, Macquarie, Credit Suisse, UBS, Crédit Agricole and a lot more are our customers in ERP and HCM. We just won TD Bank, ERP win over SAP at TD Bank. We just won Silicon Valley Bank, another win over SAP. We won Societe Generale in France. We now have 2 of the 3 largest banks after winning Crédit Agricole in Q2, and we will get the other one. We will get Paribas very soon. JPMorgan Chase just did a huge expansion of our -- on our HCM product. Discover, the credit card, just went live on ERP. So again, strong in financial services, getting even stronger. In Communications, our big customers, AT&T, Orange, MTN, Birdie, [Ultra], all around the world -- we just added a big ERP win at Rogers Communications. Huge go-live at Windtree, and that was a replacement. The go-live at Windtree was a replacement of SAP, not a win over SAP, but replacing an existing SAP system. In logistics and transportation, we had -- where -- our big customers are UPS, FedEx, Knight Swift, Yellow, Schneider National and so on. We had a big ERP HCM win over SAP at U.S. Express. We had an HCM win at TD for its freight where we replaced Workday. Didn't beat Workday. We replaced an existing Workday system. Go-live at DHL. DHL is really interesting. It was a go-live in Germany and Austria right in SAP's backyard. And we have a number of wins in Germany. I think this is why we're pretty confident these days against the former winner -- the winner on the on-premise ERP wars, SAP. In Germany, in SAP's backyard, we won DHL. We won Deutsche Post. We won Deutsche Bahn. We won Dürr IT Services, and we just added a win at Daimler truck over SAP. In Japan, a country really not known for buying package application software very much, we've got a pretty good position in Panasonic. We're in Panasonic. We're in Toyota. We're at Mizuho Financial Services. This quarter, big wins at Canon -- a big ERP win over SAP at Canon. A big win at Taisei that's one of the 5 largest general contractors in Japan.  So doing well in Germany, doing well in Japan, doing well in these big economies where, historically, we have not done that well in applications, but we are now. In grocery, where we have Sainsbury, Kellogg, Tesco, Auchan, Kroger and Albertsons. We had a huge ERP expansion at Kroger and a big go-live at Albertson with 280,000 users. Albertsons is now live on both HCM and financials. So very strong in grocery. Hotels and resorts were our big logos are Marriott, Hilton, Caesars, MGM. We just won Intercontinental Hotels and Resorts replacing as an HCM win -- replacing -- we're not allowed to name who we replaced in HCM other than to say they're a very large cloud competitor of ours. Hilton, we went live with HCM, the biggest HCM expansion in the UK.  Higher ed. Higher ed where our big logos are UCLA, Princeton, Rutgers, Vanderbilt, Penn State, University of Texas. We added an HCM win at the University of Cambridge in the U.K. We added 3 more campuses of the University of California system for ERP. We now have 6 of their 9 -- of the 9 campuses for ERP. Tennessee, University of Tennessee, we won ERP and HCM. The University of Arizona, big ERP win, all higher ed. But some of the other industries, in consumer goods, we had a really important win in ERP HCM at a division of Unilever. And that was an SAP replacement, not a win over SAP. We replaced them. In aerospace and defense, we won ERP and SCM at BAE Systems, a win over SAP. We won HCM over SAP at Tata Steel. We won a big -- a full suite expansion at Cummins. Eni, in oil and gas, which has always been an SAP -- very, very strong industry for SAP. We beat them, Eni, at a gas company. In the public sector, we got, well, a very important agency these days. The IOM, the UN agency, International Organization from Migrants. This, again, was a replacement of SAP. We also won the U.K. Ministry of Defense. We went live with a big bang, ERP, HCM, SCM for over 50,000 user go-live. In high tech, Zoom went live on ERP and SCM. Iron Mountain went live on ERP, SCM. Bed, Bath and Beyond went live on ERP. Tiffany went live on an HCM expansion for 300 of their stores. In engineering and construction, Jacobs went live on ERP and SCM. Environmental services, waste management, big suite go-live on ERP and supply chain. And I'll finish it off in professional services where ABM went live. Okay. So very, very strong quarter for us in the back office in ERP and HCM. Now I'd like to switch from SaaS to infrastructure. And we had a major announcement and -- are making a major announcement about our other database. The 2 much popular databases in the world are Oracle and MySQL. MySQL is the world's most popular open source database. MySQL is very good at transaction processing, but historically, has not been good at query processing. So MySQL customers usually use the MySQL database for query -- for transaction processing. And then they'll move their data from the MySQL database into Redshift, at Amazon or into Snowflake to do the query processing. That's how it's typically used. MySQL for transaction processing, Redshift, Snowflake for query processing. By the way, the AWS has their own version of MySQL. They call it Aurora. And the AWS, my Redshift, MySQL Aurora, Redshift business is a multibillion-dollar business. Oracle -- now we're going after that business in 2 ways. We built a product, MySQL HeatWave, which is different than earlier versions of MySQL. MySQL HeatWave is good at both transaction processing and query processing. So MySQL HeatWave doesn't simply replace Aurora. It replaces both Aurora and Redshift or it replaces both Aurora and Snowflake because MySQL HeatWave does transaction processing very well, replacing Aurora. And it does query processing a lot better than Redshift or Snowflake. Because HeatWave runs -- and we decided for the first time to make this a multicloud product. So Oracle HeatWave will run already in the Oracle Cloud, but it is -- we also have it up and running in AWS. And Azure users will be able to use it as well. So it is a multicloud product. AWS users -- why did we do that? We did that because we're going after the Aurora user base and the Redshift and Snowflake user base. We want to make it really easy to convert from Aurora and Redshift or Aurora and Snowflake to Oracle HeatWave. And if we're running an AWS, for example, you press a button, a couple of buttons, and your data is moved immediately to Oracle, MySQL HeatWave. You do not have to change your application at all. You press a couple of buttons, and you move it. Okay. Why would you do that? Well, because the cost performance benefits. So moving to MySQL HeatWave are extraordinary. Now I'm going to stop talking, and I'm going to start reading. And I'm going to start reading analyst quotes, and I'm going to read them word for word. So when I say the benefits are extraordinary, I'm understating what they're saying. So let me bring up the slides. I'm going to just start reading a few quotes. Okay. One industry analyst, combined with HeatWave and Autopilot, combined with HeatWave and Autopilot, MySQL database service may very well be the single greatest innovation in open source cloud databases in the past 20 years. MySQL HeatWave and Autopilot represent a quantum leap with top light query performance and superb transaction support. Oracle wants to open up a second front in the battle for the database market leadership. They're attracting an entirely different user base with this product. Wikibon believes that the technology underlying MySQL HeatWave is an inflection point in database design and architecture. The MySQL HeatWave technology is by far the best in the market. Oracle have shown AWS and Snowflake how to design and architect a true MySQL cloud database. Customers can expect MySQL HeatWave to outperform about 7x faster than Amazon Redshift or Snowflake at 2.5 -- 2 to 5x lower cost. The benefits against Amazon and Aurora are even greater. New entrants such as Snowflake will need to improve their cloud technology fast to stay competitive with HeatWave. This is all word for word what analysts are saying. And these are the most distinguished database analysts in the business. The bottom line is we believe the competition just got outplayed in every measurable metric imaginable. This represents a wake-up call for the industry and a rude awakening to the database cloud competition as they all must respond now to the MySQL innovation juggernaut. HeatWave is the physical manifestation of nearly 10 years of deep database engineering techniques, over 5 dozen patents and demonstrates what real cloud database innovation looks like in 2021. Oracle introduced MySQL HeatWave, and they did send shock waves because they named and shamed basically every database company out there. And my favorite is what they talked about with Snowflake. You can spend $80,000 on HeatWave, and that would cost you $420,000 to run on Snowflake. It's a no-brainer. These new fully transparent benchmarks -- by the way, we put all of our benchmarks on GitHub. It's all public. The code, the data, the customers can reproduce all of these benchmarks that the analysts are talking about. That's what the analysts did. The analysts went out and ran their own benchmarks. And they were shocked. These new fully transparent benchmarks demonstrate HeatWave's performance, price and scale advantages over all other MySQL and cloud databases. Clearly, the cloud data warehouse market wasn't ready for this. And now the competition needs to scramble as they grapple for answers. For organizations using MySQL, Oracle has given them yet another reason to invest in its HeatWave offering by delivering 7x the performance at 1/5 the cost of solutions such as Snowflake. Together with massive scale-out capabilities, this combination makes MySQL HeatWave melt down Snowflake and vaporize -- it sounds like I wrote it, but I didn't. These are -- and we'll provide you with all of these quotes, all in -- full context, names, quotes. These are all analyst quotes. Taken together with massive scale-out capabilities, this combination makes MySQL HeatWave melt down Snowflake and vaporize Amazon Redshift with AQUA. MySQL HeatWave's TPC-H analytics testing literally blows away Amazon's Redshift with AQUA in both performance and cost performance. It's 6.8x faster and 47% less expensive. Amazon Redshift with AQUA is 18x slower, resulting in MySQL HeatWave coming in at an extraordinary 17x better, 17x better cost performance. MySQL HeatWave with Autopilot sets the bar orders of magnitude higher than AWS, Azure, Google and Snowflake. I think I'll stop right there and turn it back to Safra.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Holly, if you could please prepare the audience for Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question for the day will come from the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank.
Brad Zelnick: Congrats on the continued momentum and especially all those great customer wins, Larry. I have one quick one for Safra and then a follow-up for you. Safra, just looking at my model, it looks like you had your strongest organic revenue growth in 10 years this quarter. And I just want to make sure I've got that right, and I'm not missing anything.
Safra Catz: Yes. You've got that right. And it's basically because of what I've been telling you all for a while, which is our fastest-growing business, which is our cloud, is now getting to be very big. And when you're growing different parts of the business, 25%, 30%, 40%, 60%, and it's a big number. It causes these -- it's just math here. It increases the overall rate of growth of the business.
Brad Zelnick: And Larry, you now have an increasing number of ISPs that are now supporting and embedding OCI as well as targeted programs where you have some of the largest global SIs in the world really leaning in. Can you talk to us about how you're winning the ecosystem with OCI? And as well, if you can update us on the mix of traditional versus nontraditional Oracle workloads. Just help us get a sense of how the use cases are evolving and where you see that mix going.
Lawrence Ellison: Well, I think it's broad based. I think one of -- the back office -- one of our partners -- we're working with one of the largest banks on the planet with -- on a payment system, a B2B payment system because the ERP customers are coming to Oracle. So if you look at the future with the fact that we're so strong, dominant, I'd argue, in Cloud ERP, what does the B2B purchase look like? A B2B purchase looks like in a modern cloud world, one Oracle ERP system making a purchase from another Oracle ERP system. And we want to automate that B2B transaction. There's 2 Oracle ERP systems are talking to one another. To automate that transaction, we have to be able to pay for that. We have to be able to check credit, finance the payments, a range of logistics. So we're working with large -- a very large bank and a very large logistics company to automate that aspect of our ERP business. Some of it's never been -- you don't think of ERP doing that, but it's this network of these ERP systems talking to one another. That's a huge business revenue opportunity to turn on that B2B payment system. So the banks are joining in. Logistic companies are joining in because the customers are here. Once the ERP customers started coming to Oracle, all of the adjacent applications and all the ISVs with adjacent applications wanted to be in the same cloud as the ERP customers. The integrators had to become familiar with the cloud because that's where the customers are, and that's where customers are going. The ISVs -- and these are kind of interesting ISVs. Giant banks, giant logistics companies putting up their logistics and payment systems in our cloud to facilitate B2B transactions between our ERP system is just a gigantic business opportunity that no one really had ever thought about before.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays Capital.
Raimo Lenschow: I'm trying my luck here, Safra, but like any comments on the TikTok rumors that came out today? And then in case you want to answer that. Larry, one for you on, on that success in the back office systems, like is that driven by post-pandemic people realizing, oh, shoot, I really need to update that. So that's kind of more temporary boom that you're seeing here? Or do you think there's more legs to that?
Safra Catz: The one thing I can tell you is we have an excellent relationship with the folks at TikTok.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I'll second that. It's excellent. Let me take the other part of your question, which is, do I think this is a kind of a year 2000 like pandemic boom, people rushing to get to the cloud, and it's going to slow down after? Now that the pandemic, thank God, it's beginning to recede. Just the opposite, we're really still in the early days. We're in the early days of either understanding how different Cloud ERP is from on-premise ERP. And I just mentioned this one interesting example in that in the modern world, as more and more people go to Cloud ERP and you buy -- you procure something, that it's really one Oracle ERP system talking to another Oracle ERP system, but it needs to be facilitated through -- with a financial -- a finance partner and probably multiple finance partners and multiple logistics partners and -- to automate and finance and move that product from A to B and finance that product and understand when it's going to be delivered, all of those things. And so no, I think we're really in the early -- really early days. Even though we now have 10,000 customers in Oracle ERP Fusion, another -- almost 30,000 customers in total, including NetSuite, I still think we're in the very early days of doing this. It's just getting faster. I mean the growth -- our growth is accelerating, accelerating, accelerating. You look at our growth rate, it's not going down. We're getting bigger and the growth rate, and we're sustaining that mid-30s -- high 20s, mid-30s growth rate with NetSuite and Fusion in spite of the fact we've more than doubled.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow: Congrats on another quarter of accelerating growth. One comment from your script today really stood out to me, and that was continued to grow profits while we push our top line growth into the double digits next year. Now obviously, this is continued reacceleration from the 6% to 8% the past 2 quarters and your guidance, obviously, on a constant currency basis for Q4. So my question to you, Safra and Larry is, can you help just unpack this for us in terms of the puts and takes between database and apps, cloud on-premise, et cetera, that give you confidence for continued acceleration in the double digits, but also, like you said, while growing profits?
Safra Catz: Okay. So as you've seen, we've made a lot of investments. We basically -- our CapEx this year is double last year, and that's because we've been putting out a lot of capability around the world. Simultaneously, our revenues have been increasing. But over the past few years, we've had parts of the business that were significant parts of the business that were shrinking. And now, as you see in this quarter, for example, all lines of businesses are increasing. We have -- different lines of business have bookings growth, some of which are as high as well over 100%. And so what's happened is the -- most of the business is now growing. And so they're much less of the negatives. And the things that we're getting smaller like application license, for example, is a very small number now. And then, of course, our technology license is going very, very well, including, just this quarter, technology was up 9%. So the cloud business is on an absolute role. You can see it in the numbers already and ERP, HCM, but also, of course, OCI straight and autonomous database. And just all those parts of the business are now growing, and they're large. And the shrinking parts of the business -- first of all, there's a lot less shrinking. We grew and to the extent that we have some supply chain loosening where we are able to deliver all of our bookings, we just expect growth sort of all over the place. And so we're very upbeat about this next year.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Congratulations on a great quarter. It's great to see the momentum really showing through to the results now. Last quarter, you guys talked a lot about an increasing focus on verticals, particularly banking and health care. This quarter, you're talking about rolling up some of those verticals. Can you talk to us a little bit more about the approach on how you build up and create that roll up in the vertical? How much of that effort is building like vertical-specific products? How much of it is a new go-to-market strategy, if you will, or aligning the go-to-market strategy for those verticals? And how much work is left to be done on those 2 sides?
Lawrence Ellison: Well, let me just start with health care because you think of health care as a vertical, and Cerner is certainly in a vertical, which is an epic they compete for providers. And people think of that as, well, that's health care. But that's not health care. There's clinical trials for -- in pharmaceutical companies. You want to integrate -- the clinical trials the pharmaceutical companies pay for and run, but actually not really. The providers run those clinical trials. So the whole ecosystem -- no one's ever tried to do the entire ecosystem. But to answer your question, we had -- we are greatly enhancing our HCM system for hospitals so that they can have nurses that work 3 days a week or 4 days a week and doctors that work in a couple of different hospitals. And scheduling these independent contractors, if you will, is very complicated. You don't of think of hospitals as being a collection of independent contractors, but it's full-time workers and independent contractors, and scheduling that is complex. Paying them is complex. Some of them are unionized. The rules are complex. So we're doing a massive -- we're doing a lot of industry-specific features for hospitals to help them manage their workforce. In inventory -- hospital inventory isn't in a warehouse. Hospital inventory -- the drug, they're scattered all throughout the hospital. Nurses stations have drugs -- there's an interesting drug called tranexamic acid, which is used to stop bleeding. Where you can't go to the warehouse, someone's bleeding, you can't go to the warehouse and look for the drug. You've got to be able to find it immediately, and it's got to be close to the operating room. It's got to be close to -- where intensive -- the intensive care unit. So the inventory is distributed all throughout the hospital. So we are paying RFID tags in all the inventory so you can find things very, very quickly. So how we handle inventory is being enhanced specifically for hospitals. And I can go on and on. One thing a doctor does is before I can authorize a test, before I can authorize prescribing a drug for a patient, I have to check with the insurance company to make sure they'll pay for it. Now -- so the doctors and hospitals spend a lot of time negotiating with the payer, the insurance company. Well, okay, given these symptoms, can I get this test paid for? Yes, no? Given these symptoms, can I get this drug paid for? Yes, no? We're automating that interaction between the payers and the providers. So yes, we're adding a lot of industry-specific features to automate the interactions in the entire ecosystem. And that's why we think we're in a good position to roll up health care, which is a gigantic industry. No one's ever really tried this before, but we have all the pieces. We have the payment pieces. We automate a lot of the insurers. We have HCM, which allows us to help them manage their workforce. We have ERP, which helps them keep track of inventory. And soon, we will have Cerner, which will help them to deliver care to patients. So we'll be -- and we have clinical trial system for the pharmaceutical noise. We have the entire portfolio, and we're interconnecting all the pieces so we can make that ecosystem work efficiently for the first time. And actually, the pandemic has showed we're in desperate need of such an integrated system.
Keith Weiss: Yes. It sounds like a massive value unlock if it gets all pulled together.
Lawrence Ellison: I think we can do it. We're on our way to do it. And the benefits to Oracle are great. But actually, it's -- this is -- at least for me, personally, this is a mission. I think the benefits to every patient in the world is going to be enormous. We need to do this. The pandemic has shown a variety of weaknesses in our health care systems. We have the technology to address those weaknesses, and that's what we're going to do.
Safra Catz: Okay. Let me just say one other thing. So we have a number of vertical industries in which we have products, and our competitors don't have products. And this has been a core part of how we work. We work with retailers. We work in financial services. We work in utilities. We work in construction engineering. We don't just modify ERP systems slightly and say we're in the industry. We're actually in operational systems in the industry, and it brings incredible value to our customers to be able to use these products.
Operator: Our last question for the day will come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Safra, I was hoping you could expand a bit on the strength in Cloud at Customer. And just really 2 things about that. How should we think about Cloud at Customer being somewhat of a leading indicator for adoption of autonomous database? And then are any of the supply constraints starting to loosen up a bit on that front in terms of maybe helping to accelerate rev rec in that area over the next couple of quarters?
Safra Catz: Well, I will admit that the past couple of years have been really challenging, and I'm incredibly proud of our team. I think our excellent relationships with our wonderful suppliers made it possible for us to build out our cloud as well as provide hardware to our customers. We couldn't meet every need as quickly as we would have liked, and we have an extremely large backlog. That is absolutely true. That backlog also gives me enormous visibility because those customers have told us they want Cloud at Customer or they want hardware. And I have a line of sight to get it landed in their facilities. The reality is that we have so much going on at the same time. We've built out our cloud internationally. We've built a number of private clouds where it is exactly the same capability as our public cloud for our customers who have regulatory requirements that require something special or whether it's data sovereignty or otherwise. And we are meeting everyone's needs. And I think that, again, the incredible optimism you hear from me and Larry is very much because we have line of sight to the massive demand that has been coming our way and that we've been handling and a line of sight on how to deliver it. So now I read the newspapers -- actually, I don't read the newspaper. I read the computer that used to be a newspaper, and so we see everything that's going on. But I'm extremely confident in the capabilities of my team to execute.
Operator: And that will conclude the Q&A portion of today's call. I'll turn it over to management for their closing comments.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn it back to Holly to close the call.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's Oracle Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-12-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Erica. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's second quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from the Investor Relations website following this call. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the statements being made today. As a result, we would caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report another quarter of increasing revenue growth as the fastest-growing parts of the business continue to become a larger percentage of our business. We had a fantastic quarter as total revenue grew 6% in constant currency, above the high-end of my guidance, with broad-based outperformance across the company. Q3 revenue growth looks like it will continue even higher, but let me save that for the guidance discussion. Earnings were also strong, with non-GAAP EPS $0.09 above the high-end of my constant currency guidance. We achieved this outperformance despite the U.S. dollar strengthening since I gave guidance, as we saw a currency headwind of nearly $100 million to revenue and $0.01 to EPS, so the USD results, which are excellent and above guidance are even stronger than they appear. Before I go through the numbers, though, I wanted to comment on what we are seeing in the market that is driving our accelerating revenue growth. As I've mentioned on previous calls, we have a highly differentiated strategy from our competitors where we are the only company able to offer the combination of applications and infrastructure in the cloud. We have best-of-breed capabilities in both infrastructure and apps like HR and ERP, but also a highly differentiated set of industry-specific cloud SaaS applications and of course, our second-generation cloud with Autonomous Database are unique in their performance, security and dependability. And because we have decades of experience in mission-critical systems, our customers can depend on us being up and available when they need us. Our unique capabilities are attracting customers, especially as they consider how to conduct their own digital transformation in the complex industries in which they compete. They want us to know as much about their business as they do, whether it's telco, financial services, utilities, retail and many others and to partner with them to modernize. Once a company thinks beyond simple dev test and other rudimentary cloud workloads and move their technology focus to mission-critical projects, they invariably turn to Oracle. Our focus on customer success is driving more references and new opportunities with both existing customers and with entirely new accounts. And of course, we ourselves are an Oracle Fusion full suite user, and I'm sure it is not lost on any of you and it's not lost on our prospects and customers that we are announcing our results nine days after the quarter closed because of our systems and their embedded processes. Okay. Back to the numbers. And from here on, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates, unless I say otherwise. So total cloud services and license support revenues for the quarter were $7.6 billion, up 6% in constant currency and accounted for 73% of total company revenue. Total cloud revenues, when annualized are now $10.7 billion and grew 22%, with cloud bookings growing faster than our cloud revenue growth rate. And as a result, we expect cloud revenue will accelerate further and exit the fiscal year in the mid-20s, potentially higher. GAAP application subscription revenues were $3.1 billion, up 8% organically in constant currency and our highest growth rate in four years. Fusion apps were up 30% with strategic back-office applications now having annualized revenue of $4.9 billion and growing 30%, including Fusion ERP up 35%, Fusion HCM up 25%, and NetSuite ERP up 28%. GAAP infrastructure subscription revenues were $4.4 billion, up 5% and excluding legacy hosting services, infrastructure cloud services grew more than 50%. I expect the infrastructure revenue growth rate will continue to ramp higher through the fiscal year. OCI consumption revenue, which includes Autonomous Database, was up 86% in constant currency and total Cloud at Customer revenue was up 45%. Database subscription revenues, including database support and database cloud services were up 3% in constant currency. License revenues were $1.2 billion, up 16% amongst our very best quarters over the last 10 years and license growth was not dependent on any mega deals. We saw excellent performance in technology, our vertical businesses as well as North America and Latin American regions. So all in, total revenues for the quarter were $10.4 billion, up 6% in constant currency. Operating expenses were up 6% this quarter. The gross margin for cloud services and license support was 84%, and gross profit dollars grew 5% in constant currency. I expect the full-year growth in gross profit dollars for cloud services and license support will be similar to or better than last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.9 billion, up 7% from last year and the operating margin was 47%. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.2%, slightly higher than our base rate of 19% and earnings per share was $1.21 in U.S. dollars, up 14% in U.S. dollars, up 15% in constant currency. During the quarter, we recognized GAAP acquisition-related and other expenses totaling $4.7 billion, which substantially consisted of litigation-related charges that will not recur. They relate to a dispute that arose when we hired my former co-CEO in 2010. As a result of this one-time charge, GAAP net income was a negative $1.2 billion. The GAAP tax rate was 16.6% due to some discrete items and the GAAP loss was $0.46 per share. Operating cash flow for the last four quarters was $10.3 billion, and our free cash flow over the same period was $7.1 billion. Both results were negatively affected by the litigation charges I mentioned. Capital expenditures for the last four quarters were $3.1 billion, and CapEx for Q2 alone was $925 million and we are on track to invest $4 billion in CapEx this year. We now have nearly $23 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance is nearly $8 billion, up slightly in constant currency from a year ago due to timing differences in customer payments with gross deferred revenue growing 5% in constant currency. The remaining performance obligation or RPO balance is $37.2 billion, up 11% in constant currency due to strong bookings. Approximately 59% is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. As we've said so many times before, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 77 million shares for a total of $7 billion. And over the last 10 years, we've reduced the shares outstanding by 47% at an average price that's about half the current share price. The Board of Directors increased the authorization for share repurchases by an additional $10 billion. We've paid out dividends of $3.4 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. Now the guidance. I'm going to start by reiterating our expectation that full-year 2022 revenue growth will accelerate from 2021 for all the reasons we've already seen so far this year. Given the strong performance in the first half, I now expect that we will see full-year total revenue finish solidly in the mid-single digits, led by cloud revenue growth exiting the year in the mid-20s. Cloud is fundamentally a more profitable business compared to on-premise, and I expect that our operating margins this year will be the same or better than pre-pandemic levels of 44%. Let me now turn to my guidance for Q3, which I'll provide on a non-GAAP basis. The U.S. dollar strengthened dramatically in November. I know you all saw that. And assuming currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now, which we have no idea if they will or not, I expect we will see a currency headwind of 3% for revenue and $0.05 for EPS in Q3. Total revenue for Q3 is expected to grow between 6% to 8% in constant currency and grow between 3% to 5% in USD. Clearly, the midpoint of the range is 7%, and that is higher than the 6% we just reported in Q2 and higher than the 2% we reported in Q1. So everything is trending in the right direction. Cloud service and license support revenue for Q3 is expected to grow between 6% to 8% in constant currency and grow between 3% to 5% in USD. Non-GAAP EPS for Q3 is expected to grow between 2% and 6% in constant currency and be between $1.19 and $1.23 in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter is expected to grow between negative 2 and positive 2 in USD and be between $1.14 and $1.18 in USD. My EPS guidance for Q3 assumes a base tax rate of 19%. However, one-time tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to be higher or lower. But I expect that in normalizing for these one-time events, our non-GAAP tax rates will average around 19% or so. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. All right, I'm going to discuss Oracle's Cloud ERP status and strategy. So how big is our on-premise ERP business today? I mean a lot of the people – a lot of the companies like Microsoft did a great job of moving their entire Microsoft Office installed base into the cloud to dramatically increase the size of their cloud business. Unfortunately, we didn't have the same option or opportunity, so I think it's – to me, I think you are going to find this interesting. So how big is our on-premise business today? Well, we had 7,500 customers in Oracle on-premise, their ERP made up of E-Business Suite, PeopleSoft and JD Edwards. Only 1,000 of those 7,500 have moved to Fusion Cloud ERP. Now we have not lost any of these customers to competitors. We expect all the remaining 6,500 to move to Fusion ERP, but it hasn't happened yet. That's all upside. That's all upside. And I think a lot of people don't really realize that how – so now let's migrate over and look at how big is our cloud ERP business today. Well, round number is $5 billion a year revenue, and we have 8,500 Fusion customers. But remember only 1,000 of those 8,500 came from our old on-premise business. 6,500, plenty to come. So 7,500 of these 8,500 were not running Oracle ERP before we came out with our cloud product. Those are all new customers. Add to that the 28,000 new NetSuite customers. So Oracle has a total of 35,500 cloud ERP customers that are new to Oracle. Only 1,000 of our on-premise installed base has migrated so far. Let me repeat that. 35,500 net new cloud ERP customers we got in the last few years. Only 1,000 from our installed base that's going to be coming to us later on. So how fast is cloud ERP revenue growing about? So growing about 30% a year. And so let's look out five years and ask the question, how big will we be in five years? And I think the number would be approaching $20 billion in cloud ERP, where the majority of those customers are not people who are migrating, our customers that are migrating from Oracle's on-prem business, but they're migrating from other people's on-prem business. Whether it's a small company like Infor or a large company like SAP or a variety of other companies, the vast majority of our cloud ERP customers are not coming from our installed base, they are coming from someone else's installed base. And again, yes – 85% of our current – that we have are from someone else's installed base. So what are our margins in this five year? Let's say, we are estimating $20 billion cloud ERP business. Well, it's scale, at that scale, that's about an 85% margin in that business. And as Safra pointed out earlier in her comments, the cloud business is inherently much more profitable and much more predictable than our old on-premise business. So we expect five years from now – and again, these are just estimates. But based on growth rates and the size of our current business, we expect to have about 30,000, five years now, 30,000 Fusion customers plus 100,000 NetSuite customers bringing in $20 billion at 85% margins. All right. So what's happening? I mean how are we winning so many new customers? Where are they coming from? Who are we competing? Well, we have – really we only have two significant competitors. We have two significant competitors, SAP and Workday. I've said this before. SAP did not build a true cloud product, and I'm going to explain what a true cloud product is in just a minute. But SAP, because they didn't build the cloud product, they bought some edge products around the cloud, but they didn't actually rebuild their software for the cloud. That's the same old 35-year-old software they've been selling forever. Their goal is simply to hold on to their installed base, but they are losing customers to us. For example, this quarter Petronas, oil and gas – big oil and gas customer moved over. I gave a long presentation about a couple of us taking already a couple of hundred pretty good-sized SAP customers. So we are doing very well against SAP and continue to do it well SAP, winning Petronas and others this quarter. But Workday is very interesting because Workday does have a cloud product. And they've done quite well in HCM, but they have very few live. Try to go out and find live Workday ERP customers. Try to find any. So we're winning almost everything in cloud ERP. We are beating Workday 90 – I don't know, 98% of the time, we beat Workday and we are taking customers from SAP's installed base. They are still holding on to more of their base than we are taking, but we are making inroads. So again, what's going on? Why are we winning? Well, we are winning because we have a true cloud product that is very, very feature-rich and Burberry has a very low cost of ownership. So it's enormously capable, and it's not expensive compared with the old on-premise systems. Our implementations, I mean we've got implementations of medium, large companies that sometimes take six months. Now don't get me wrong. Someone like Bank of America took a few years. That was an SAP customer that we won. And that was just doing the Merrill Lynch division. It took a few years. And then hopefully, we are going to continue to make progress at Bank of America. So in general, it's much faster and lower cost to implement our cloud product than implement, let's say, SAP or even Workday, but a gigantic difference was SAP. Very easy to use. We have the user interface. There is two aspects. There's the computer interface that works on mobile phones and tablets and things like that. And then we have a voice digital assistant. You talk to our applications. You talk to all of our applications. You ask for reports. You ask questions. And I think it's like Alexa for the enterprise. All our apps run on smartphones, tablets, desktops, every app. Not a handful of apps are mobile, every single app runs on smartphones, tablets, desktops, every single app has a voice interface. And this is what I mean by a true cloud product. We deliver a new version of Oracle Cloud ERP to 100% of our customers, all 8,500 customers for Fusion every three months. That's right. They get a new version with sometime hundreds or sometimes even thousands of new features. Every three months, they get that. Now why is that important? Well, I mean because our customers want – specifically in different industry, they don't all want the same new feature depending on the industry you're in, depending on your size, depending on the country you're in, your three most important new features you must have are different among a lot of different customers. So in the old days with SAP, customers built this themselves. They went out and hired Accenture or somebody else, IBM Services when it was IBM Services to build these features for them. Now the new model is – it don't customize your product. You don't have to. Give us your list of new features that you need and we'll build them and put them in the next release, and we can build them faster than you can. And you might have to wait three months or four months or five months before you get a new version. But you get them quickly, and we are the ones that build them. And they are part of the standard product. They are not some customization you have to maintain forever. So they're not expensive. In fact, they're free. They come with the product. This is radically different than what SAP offers in their and what they call their cloud product, which I say is not a true cloud product because they don't have new versions every three months. They don't have new versions every three years in their so-called cloud product. You make all the same modifications you used to make by hiring people and customize. That's not the new model. That's not how it works in a real cloud system. That's a fundamental and every time they go in and modify the system, what if they make a mistake? What if they have a bug? That's going to make the system less reliable and more expensive, potentially slower. That doesn't happen with real cloud systems. We, the vendor, are responsible for enhancing it and testing it on a regular cadence and responding to their requirements and delivering things to them in months, not years. We are also on schedule to deliver some unprecedented new technology. We won't be long before when our customers upgrade every three months, they upgrade. And sometimes they are down for an hour or so, and we are on schedule to deliver zero downtime upgrades. So it won't be long now when our customers move to the new version, there will be no downtime. Nobody else has this. Nobody else is working on. And soon all of our applications will be on the autonomous self-tuning Maximum Security database. I've said this before, what's the most important thing about the Autonomous Database? The money you save because there's no human labor. No actually, the money is good – the money you have to save is no human labor is good. But no human labor, no human errors, no security risks, no stolen data. Almost all of the – not all, but almost all of the data that's been hacked out of other clouds has been hacked because some human being made a mistake, left a port open, created a vulnerability. You can't do that with the Autonomous Database because human beings don't touch it. It’s just like a self-driving car is safer than a car driven by human being, a self-driving database is much safer and more secure than a database that is managed by human beings who make mistakes and cause problems. Okay. So I'll stop there and I’m going to slightly turn a little bit and describe what's going on in the marketplace kind of on an, in from an industry perspective. Fusion ERP has been out for a while, and we are beginning to roll up entire industries. We are adding the features for banking. I think on an earlier quarterly call, I said our two largest and most – strategic industries going forward in ERP would be banking and healthcare. Maybe not just ERP, but for the company in total will be banking and healthcare, and we are doing extremely well in those industries. Some of our live banking and financial service customers include JPMorgan, Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, HSBC, State Street, NatWest, Santander, Macquarie. I can go on and on and on with a long list of banks all over the world. But also we have insurance customers, USAA, Nationwide, AAA and again and a lot more. I'm not going to list everybody. In fact, we provide a printed list at the end of every quarter of our all the new wins we had in the quarter. And we had a lot of new logos in banking and financial services in Q2. We won Barclays. That was another big bank that we won. First Bank, in insurance. We won Ameritas, MoneyGram. And we had some major go-lives, huge go-lives at MetLife, Blackstone and Assurant. We are doing very well in financial services and specifically banking. Healthcare, the other industry I identified as being strategic and above the – and on par with banking in terms of the importance to our future. So large healthcare customers include Kaiser, Cleveland Clinic, Providence Saint Joe. I would say that we have a lot of healthcare wins around the world, but I'd say our healthcare wins are concentrated more in North America as compared with banking. New healthcare wins this quarter: Mayo Clinic, the number one ranked hospital in the United States, [Tay Markel], Syneos Health and PPD. Again, I can go on and on, but again, we print those out for you, and you can read them at your leisure. Let me talk about one other industry before I give my closing remarks. That's logistics customers. We've become very, very strong with logistics customers. FedEx was a key win from us, takeaway from SAP. UPS, we have UPS, DHL, FedEx, DP World, SS, TTS. I can go on and on. We have most of the big logistics companies around the world. And FedEx, which is – a lot of our companies aren't through rolling out Oracle Fusion ERP. But FedEx, for example, is now live in 98 countries. We are winning in lots of other industries as well, but I wanted to highlight these three industries because they are essential to our plan to add major new capabilities to our cloud ERP system. Before I describe these capabilities, I have a confession to make. We are not – I don't believe it anyway. We are not on our way to building a $20 billion cloud ERP business in five years. I think it's going to be a lot bigger than that. Let me explain why. As more and more companies adopt and run Oracle Cloud ERP, I ask the question, what does a B2B procurement transaction look like? In other words, how does it work when one Oracle Cloud ERP system is talking to another Oracle Cloud ERP system and placing an order? We are working in concert with our banking and logistics partners to originate purchase financing, products shipped, delivery tracking, invoicing and payments right inside the two transacting Oracle Cloud ERP procurement systems. Oracle Cloud ERP will soon bring an entirely new level of automation to B2B commerce, one that very much resembles the ease of doing business and efficiency of B2C e-commerce. This new ERP automation system, all these new capabilities will dramatically simplify our customers' procurement and supply chain processes. And as such, it represents a huge new opportunity for Oracle to grow its cloud ERP ecosystems. Thank you. Back to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Larry. I think Ken is going to take questions. So...
Ken Bond: Yes. Erica, if you could queue the audience, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thank you so much and congrats on a great quarter with accelerating growth. Larry, you shared quite a bit with us, really, really helpful. But I wanted to ask you about OCI because we continue to hear great things from customers. And I think people understand Oracle's cloud is hypersecure, highly automated, and there's real price performance advantage. But as we think about your product road map and what it takes for Oracle to capture more than its fair share of the broader public cloud market, how much are you investing in breadth versus depth? Because we just see in this quarter alone, like the partnership with Airtel in India, Orange in West Africa, new regions in Singapore, UAE, France, and I'm probably missing some. But clearly there's demand. Otherwise, I know Safra wouldn't be making these investments. But when a new competitor posts – Larry, when your main competitor posts over 200 services up the stack, how far should we expect to see you build up the stack competing on functionality versus continuing to go broad with what you already have? Thanks.
Lawrence Ellison: Well again, we have a bunch of things the other guys don't have. We have applications. So – but I know you want to talk about this. Yes, you want to talk about infrastructure. We think of those as two separate businesses, but of course, they're not. I mean everyone who is running Oracle ERP is building data warehouses on top of their ERP data. They're mashing it up maybe with Salesforce data. They're doing all of these things. They're doing a combination of big application customers. Bank of America, for example, is doing a combination of running our apps and building bespoke apps around those. So this is a huge opportunity for us that are other infrastructure customers, other infrastructure providers don't have. We've often had the discussion, do we want to support 10 databases, or do we want to support 30 databases? And do we want to have every single service that let's say an Amazon has? And I think our view is we want to have some really good choices, but not every single choice on the menu. We want to have all of the popular databases, but not some of the obscure databases. So we are not going to try to feature match every single thing they do. We will, however, have development environments they don't have at all. So if you're building data warehouses on top of Fusion ERP or on top of Fusion HCM or on top of NetSuite, we have a whole set of tools that makes that easy for you over on the infrastructure side of our business. So we have some – we do – we have all the popular stuff around. I mean obviously, you have Kubernetes and the like. And we have Postgres and the popular databases. We have MySQL, but our version of MySQL is much better than Amazon's version of MySQL. It's much faster. I mean more than 10x faster because of HeatWave. We have this Query Optimizer, they don't have at all. So our idea is to look at the most popular products to have recommended development environments and recommended systems, and be able to do things they can't do at all. I think one other – let me mention one of these fundamental differences in our strategy versus their strategy. They are building a small number of very, very large data centers. Our strategy is to build a large number of smaller, less expensive data centers. We think that improves reliability dramatically. We don't have this giant data center going down. It reduces the blast radius of what happens when things go down. Less goes down. It allows us to go into sovereign nations in some smaller countries that they can't – never afford to put a data center in. And we could not put one, but two, a primary and a backup data center in sovereign countries that care about data sovereignty. We can put a complete cloud. I don't mean just database cloud. I mean a complete cloud at a customer like NRI in Japan. And we did that with that – we put in a primary and a backup. So we can – if people want to run a cloud, if a large financial institution wants to run our cloud inside their firewall, inside their data center, we can do that. And how will that cloud differ from the cloud that we run in the public? It won't differ at all. We can make that small enough, that we can fit it into their data center. Nobody else can do this. So we think – and then let me close with a note that I'm going to paraphrase from a very large telecommunications company who uses our cloud and all the other three North American clouds, Google, Amazon and Microsoft. And the note basically said, the one thing we've noticed about Oracle, Oracle’s Cloud is that it never ever goes down. We can't say that about any of the other clouds. We think this is a critical differentiator availability. Another critical differentiator is security, where we have – where the only way you can achieve security, I promise you this is true, is through autonomy. If you have human beings deploying and tinkering with your systems, they can make mistakes that expose your data. The only way we've been able to solve that problem is to get human beings out of the equation. No human beings, no human error, no human malice. So we think we have a bunch of differentiators. And we'll be able to compete very, very effectively with security, reliability, combination of apps and infrastructure autonomy and a bunch of other things the other guys just will not be able to do.
Brad Zelnick: Larry, that's super helpful. Thank you, again and congrats.
Lawrence Ellison: I will not have an answer that long again, ever.
Safra Catz: Brad, you're not going to believe this, I've got more to add to that answer. So first of all, you missed a few data centers, not the least of which is Israel, France and another one in Italy. But the real answer is the fact that I'm sure you've seen Gartner's scorecard where we actually passed Google this year and are higher than where Microsoft, who's been in this longer than us, was a year ago. But in addition, that scorecard doesn't even measure the capabilities we have in handling very large databases which, of course, we do uniquely of all the other hyperscalers. So it's all very interesting, but we have things in addition to applications in the infrastructure world that they cannot handle. And that has just put us in an incredible position, and that's why customers are coming to us. All right, I will stop right there.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays Capital.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats from me as well. I wanted to go back to ERP, and I apologize for that. But I remember when I used to work in the industry, Larry, the changing an ERP system was like volunteering for root canal treatment. Kind of, you kind of try to avoid it as much as possible. But if I look at the numbers now, NetSuite had the strongest role I've seen for forever, I think. Fusion ERP is accelerating. So what's going on in the industry in terms of kind of like the pressure or the willingness to do it now? Thanks for that, and congrats again.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, thank you very much. I think we spend a lot of time in automating our install. Installing the product, making it very easy to configure, having – I think our consulting infrastructure, the implementers around our products now are much more experienced. The products have gotten much better. The people have got more experienced. The customers themselves have gotten more experienced. So the cost of putting one of these things in has dropped precipitously. The time it takes to put it in, obviously related to the cost has also dropped precipitously. There's just no comparison to the way it used to be to the way it is now. Well, the way it used to be a customer bought his own unique computer configuration and added some modifications to the ERP system and installed it over a period of – I mean, it wasn't unusual back in the day for an SAP implementation to take five to seven years. I know it sounds crazy, but some of them cost billions, billions of dollars. Now for a medium-sized company, six months is not unreasonable to get you live on – maybe not your entire business, but financials and procurement and a big chunk of your business, we can get live very, very quickly at a very, very low cost. So it's just a totally different world. And then the other thing I'm going to mention one more time. Customers are not encouraged to go ahead and build their own extensions. If you need an extension, tell us what you need, and maybe we can schedule it in the next quarter or two in the upcoming releases. That's a fundamentally different model. It's so much less expensive to have us do it for nothing, than to try to do it yourself.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you for taking the question, guys, and really impressive quarter. I think Brad had a really good point earlier that investors are more and more looking at sort of your CapEx intentions and looking at data center count, frankly, as a leading indicator of growth for Oracle. So I was hoping you could update us on that. And maybe digging into that data center side, capacity expansion isn't just in data center expansion. You could expand within data centers as well. Can you help us think about how we should think about overall capacity to deliver through both data center expansion and expanding those existing data centers to really capture all of these investments that you're making?
Safra Catz: I guess I'll take that. I'll get started with that. Well, first of all, the public database data centers are the ones that we announced that are up and running. Of course, we have many in the offing. We also have, as Larry talked about, a private region for certain customers. But in addition, we've made very significant investment in government, especially United States government-focused data centers. And I'm sure you've seen that we've been invited to submit for the JWCC. We also have data centers at different levels of security for different government requirements in other countries. And those, we don't generally announce, so you don't see those. What you do see is the fact that we have invested ahead of revenue and we invest when we see revenue potential. We have been rolling out on track. So we feel very good about it. We have just continued to make sure we have capacity for customers. And some customers start in one data center, and when we open in their countries, they move to those. And that's working out for us. We have a lot of demand worldwide where you're going to see us make these investments, as I've guided for the whole year.
Keith Weiss: Okay. Super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Moerdler with Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much. I'm going to follow-up on the discussion on OCI Gen 2. Oracle's dedicated regions seem to be reasonably unique offerings and a different spin on the hybrid cloud, which the largest hyperscale providers are not offering. Can you explain how you're able to deliver this successfully with good margins, and why others cannot? And can you give us any sense of how large do you see that opportunity? Thanks.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, I'll take a crack at that one. Well, everyone says we’re late to the party. So we saw what everyone else built. In fact, we built two versions of our cloud, right? We built Version 1, which we weren't very happy with and then we built our Gen 2 cloud. And one of the things that we decided, as we had a chance to re-architect it, we were sensitive to – we needed special super high security zones for government. We need to build a lot of data centers. And the magic to building a lot of data centers is twofold. One is compressing the software to a smallish number of servers. But that's really not it. It's really the art of being able to operate a lot of smaller data centers without people or with very few people. Think about what Elon Musk did with his satellite system. Why was he able to build a low earth orbiting satellite system, and nobody else? And a lot of other people have tried, but no one else could. Because he figured it out – he built the software to manage thousands of satellites. No one else could do it. NASA couldn't do it. Other people couldn't do it. That's why they kind of failed in the past. Our automation software for rolling out and managing a large number of data centers is very different software that you would build for managing a small number of super large data center where you had a lot of people. So we've relied much more heavily on automation to do this. And Safra knows all about it because it wasn't easy. It took us a while. And we were worried a bit and we've made a bunch of commitments. And the only way we can meet all those commitments was to have fully automated lights-out data center, cloud data centers. And we – the team did a fantastic job prioritizing that automation. And that automation software is what allows us to have a large number of data centers rather than a small number of large data centers. It's just a different – it's a different suite of software to do it, to manage it.
Mark Moerdler: That makes a lot of sense.
Safra Catz: Larry, I want to comment also on the private data centers that are truly a full cloud, but at customers. So that's just...
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, a lot of people talk about – they talk about – I think its hilarious. I hear people talk about hybrid cloud. So a hybrid cloud means there's someone's public cloud. And then whatever you have in your data center is the hybrid. This is ridiculous. That's not a cloud. People say, well, that's the most common cloud there is, whatever you got plus some link to a public cloud. That is not a hybrid cloud. We offer identical hardware, the identical automation software. We'll put a region. It runs all of our apps, it runs all of our services, 100% of them. And we'll put it in your data center. We can do that now because we can run that – we have the automation software to run that on your floor behind your firewall. We can build that. So it's true. So our notion of a hybrid cloud is basically the same thing, but it's located on your data center floor behind your firewall with high-speed network interconnects where you're comfortable and feel safe, safer than if you were in the public cloud. That's the only hybridy thing about it. Otherwise, it's exactly the same thing. You can move a workload from a public cloud into your private region and then back out of your private region back in the public cloud. They are identical in every way except for the security protection and some firewalls in your private data center. That's a real hybrid cloud. The other guys don't have it.
Mark Moerdler: That makes a lot of sense. I really do appreciate it and congratulations on the strong quarter.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter and outlook. In a quarter where a lot of numbers jumped out, I mean, the one that jumped out to me the most was the license growth year-over-year. I had to go back nine years to my model to find a quarter that was actually higher than this. And obviously, when I think about license for Oracle, I was assuming its being driven by the database business. And then when you think about that…
Lawrence Ellison: By the way, I'm really glad you said that. That's what it is. I mean think about it. I mean Marc Benioff over at Salesforce.com, they run their business, their cloud business entirely on Oracle. Now people say, well, that's not cloud revenue. You just license that revenue. Well, it's the Oracle database running all of Salesforce's cloud. And we don't count – and you're right, we don't count that as cloud revenue. We count that as license revenue. But is that a modern cloud application? I think so. But again, the license stuff is being driven by the use of our database in some very large clouds.
Philip Winslow: That's great. That partially answers one of my questions. But when you think about that license and your example of the – for example, like Salesforce together with just the cloud services and the acceleration you see there, I mean just that overall business seem to accelerate during Q2 here and even versus Q1. And if we think about some of the other smaller competitors in the space, they've seen acceleration as well. So I guess what my question is there's seems to be something going on in the data world and the data infrastructure stack. And obviously when Oracle moves at your scale at these percentages, there definitely seems to be something going on. So what is that? And how do you think about the sustainability of those drivers?
Safra Catz: Larry, it's either you or me. We're going to talk about data. I mean listen, this is not new news in that what is going on is getting insights from data, being able to capture large amounts of data, and analyzing it. And of course, that's coming and so much of it is in Oracle. We're the ones who can handle high performance, high reliability requirements. And the Oracle database continues to grow. But in addition, we have the other technologies that are also doing very well. Java continues to be incredibly strong, and it's leading application development environment. But remember, when people buy the Oracle database licenses, they can bring those to our cloud, and that's a very economical way to operate. And really, what's going on is huge amounts of data growing exponentially. And when it's important data, especially data you want to use for analysis, for data warehousing, for transactions, you're going to pick Oracle in nine times out of 10. And so this is great for us. And of course, as more businesses just digitize, this just draws more of our technology.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. And I would say that as SAP moves their applications to S/4HANA in the cloud and they do what I call hosting and they call cloud. The vast majority of those SAP databases do not run HANA. Way over 95% of them still run Oracle. It's a big business for us, even when it migrates to the cloud. I mean Amazon has customers who have taken their Oracle database licenses, and they're running those Oracle database licenses in the cloud. So license does not mean on-premise, and license does not mean the cloud. It's a bit of a – it's a mixed bag, right? Some of that license revenue and most of the new license revenue is on its way to the cloud.
Philip Winslow: Great. Thank you, Larry.
Ken Bond: A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on the Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Erica for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle's second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-09-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Erica. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's first quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from Investor Relations website following this call. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. We had a great quarter as total revenue was $100 million above the midpoint of my constant currency guidance, with outperformance coming from all parts of our business. EPS was also very strong and was $0.08 above the midpoint of my constant currency guidance. As the dollar strengthened from when I gave guidance and it strengthened significantly, we didn't get the benefit we would have gotten had it stayed at the same level throughout the quarter. Now from here on, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates, unless I say otherwise. So total cloud services and license support revenues for the quarter were $7.4 billion, up 6% in USD, up 5% in constant currency and accounted for 76% of total company revenue. Total cloud revenues are now at an annualized revenue of $10 billion with an accelerating growth rate that we expect will exit the fiscal year in the mid-20s. GAAP application subscription revenues were $3 billion, up 7% with Fusion apps up 26% in USD and 24% in constant currency. Our strategic back-office applications grew 25% in constant currency, including Fusion ERP, up 30% and NetSuite ERP, up 26%. GAAP infrastructure subscription revenues were $4.3 billion, up 3%. And excluding legacy hosting services, infrastructure cloud services grew in the mid-30s, and we saw triple-digit booking growth this quarter. So I expect the infrastructure revenue growth will ramp higher through the fiscal year. OCI consumption revenue, which includes Autonomous Database, was up 80% in constant currency and Cloud at Customer revenue was up 44%. Database subscription revenues, including database support and database cloud services, were up 6% in USD, up 5% in constant currency and that's up from 4% last quarter. License revenues were $813 million, down 8% after a tough compare from last year's Q1. So all-in, total revenues for the quarter were $9.7 billion, up 4% in USD, up 2% in constant currency. Operating expenses were up 3% this quarter. The gross margin for cloud services and license support was 84%, and the gross profit dollars grew 2%. I expect the full-year growth in gross profit dollars for cloud services and license support will be similar to last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.3 billion, up 2% from last year, and the operating margin was 45%. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 18%, slightly below our base tax rate of 19%, and earnings per share was US$1.03, up 11% in USD and up 9% in constant currency. As a result of some discrete items, the GAAP tax rate was 8.4%, and GAAP EPS was US$0.86, which was up 19% in U.S. dollars and up 16% in constant currency. Operating cash flow for the last four quarters was $15.3 billion, up 17% in USD, and our free cash flow over the same period was $12.6 billion, up 9% in USD with capital expenditures of $2.8 billion, also over the same period. CapEx for Q1 alone was $1.1 billion. We now have more than $39 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $10 billion, up 1% from a year-ago due to timing differences in customer payments, but with gross deferred revenue up 5% in constant currency. The remaining performance obligation or RPO, our balance is $38.7 billion, up 10% in constant currency, due to strong bookings. Approximately 60% is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. As we've said many times before, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 94 million shares for a total of $8 billion. And over the last 10 years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by 46% and in average price, that's about half the current share price. In addition, we paid out dividends of $3.2 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. Now to guidance what you are all waiting for. I remain highly confident that fiscal year 2022 revenue growth will accelerate because our fast-growing cloud businesses are becoming a larger portion of our total revenue. I see total revenue growth for fiscal year 2022, which is the one we’re in, somewhere in the mid-single digits in constant currency and accelerating. Cloud is fundamentally a more profitable business compared to on-premise. And as we look ahead to next year, we expect company operating margins will be the same or better than pre-pandemic levels. Let me now turn to my guidance for Q2. And I will review this on a non-GAAP basis. Assuming currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have a very minor positive effect on total revenue and EPS in Q2. Total revenue for Q2 are expected to grow between 3% to 5% in both USD and constant currency. Cloud services and license support revenue for Q2 are expected to grow more than 5% in both USD and constant currency and then climb higher through the second half of the fiscal year. Non-GAAP EPS for Q2 is expected to grow between 2% and 6% in both USD and constant currency and be between $1.09 and $1.13. My EPS guidance for Q2 assumes a base rate of 19%. However, one-time tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary both up and down, but I expect that in normalizing for these one-time tax events, our non-GAAP tax rate will average around 19% or so. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Oracle Cloud business, infrastructure plus applications has rapidly grown to $10 billion a year. Oracle and NetSuite were pioneers in cloud application. Oracle and NetSuite being the very first cloud company of any kind. Several years later, Amazon launched the very first cloud infrastructure company. Oracle Fusion ERP has over 8,000 cloud customers. NetSuite ERP has over 28,000 cloud applications customers. Oracle is the overwhelming market leader in the global cloud ERP market. Oracle Cloud ERP is currently used by many of the largest, most complex companies on Earth. This past quarter, in Q1, a company I couldn't name until now, major portion of Bank of America went live on Oracle Fusion ERP consolidating ledgers in 33 separate countries into one global cloud ledger. Also in Q1, another huge bank, Macquarie, the largest investment bank in Australia went live with Oracle Fusion ERP. Also in Q1, Vanguard, the largest global mutual fund provider went live with Oracle Fusion ERP, not just in Q1. Oracle Fusion is building a very strong position in the world's largest financial services company. HSBC, Bank of New York Mellon, JPMorgan Chase, they are all live on Oracle's Fusion applications. We have started working with our strategic partners and banking to develop a new generation of cloud B2B financing and payment systems. There are things you can do on the cloud you could never do on-premise. There are opportunities in the cloud. If you are the largest ERP supplier, there are opportunities to go into new businesses like financing and payments with banking partners that would have been impossible with the old on-premise systems, and those are opportunities we are aggressively pursuing with the world's money center banks. Banking and healthcare will be Oracle's two largest verticals going forward. Speaking of healthcare, Humana was an important Fusion ERP win in Q1. In the infrastructure part of our cloud business, we continue to innovate in several technical areas. We have made great progress and we are now on our way into the big four global hyperscalers, and I'll give you a list of those in case you don't know. They are Amazon, Microsoft, Oracle and Google, note the order. I was not the one who sorted that list. Oracle has come a long way in the cloud infrastructure business. Our technology is getting really good and very competitive. And of course, we continue to deliver breakthrough innovations in areas where we have long been strongest like database. The Oracle Database remains unrivaled and running the world's biggest and most critical systems. And our other database, the open-source system, MySQL, is now on a new generation, and it now includes an ultra-high performance in-memory query processor called HeatWave, plus a new set of management tools called the AutoPilot. Amazon's version of MySQL, again MySQL is an open-source database, anyone can have it. Amazon took the version of MySQL renamed it Aurora and put it up in AWS. Now, the open-source version of MySQL, the old version of MySQL pre-HeatWave is very, very slow with query processing. In fact, the way you use Aurora typically in Amazon over the years is you do your transaction processing in Aurora, also known as MySQL. And then when you do your query processing, you moved your data out of Amazon's MySQL on to Aurora and put into a thing called RedShift, a data warehouse system from Amazon. Recently, SnowFlake has come up with a data warehouse that runs at AWS and SnowFlake competing quite effectively against RedShift because SnowFlake runs on multiple clouds, and SnowFlake like RedShift is way faster at queries than the old MySQL or Aurora. Okay. So Oracle introduces this new version of MySQL, this new generation of MySQL with HeatWave. And the customer reaction has been stupendous simply for the reason that over and over again, they measure Oracle's MySQL to be 100x faster than Amazon's Aurora for query processing. Now, this was actually not unexpected. The old MySQL, which is Aurora, that's what Aurora is, the old MySQL, it's terrible for query processing. What was unexpected is that Oracle MySQL proved to be more than 10x faster than Amazon RedShift or SnowFlake for query processing. So suddenly, there is one database, you can do transaction – one open-source database, you can do transaction processing on, MySQL with HeatWave. And that same database, MySQL with HeatWave is the fastest place to run your queries. So you don't need to move your data into RedShift or SnowFlake anymore just to do query. This is excited so many customers that they asked us over and over again. We made it available this quarter Oracle's MySQL with HeatWave is available at the Oracle Public Cloud, but they asked if we would make it available on other public clouds. And we thought that's what our customers want, that's what we are going to do. So we plan to make Oracle MySQL with HeatWave available on other public clouds in addition to the Oracle Public Cloud and compete aggressively where we have huge technical advantages over Amazon Aurora, Amazon RedShift and perhaps most interestingly, huge technical advantages, performance and cost over SnowFlake. I'll turn it back to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Larry. Ken, I think we're ready to take questions.
Ken Bond: Yes, absolutely. Erica, if you could please prepare the audience for questions, please.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you, and congrats from me as well, and especially on the RPO disclosure and growth there. My question is around Fusion and NetSuite. We obviously are in a somewhat recovery scenario. And I'm looking at your professional services as well, which is kind of very strong there. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing there in terms of people wanting to do now that they're coming out of the pandemic, more around digital transformation and hence you had actually an extra boost on demand despite what you saw already beforehand? Or how do we have to think about the dynamic there? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Raimo, maybe I'll start and then Larry can add in. I think that one of the things has become incredibly obvious during this pandemic is that companies that have closer digital relationships with their customers, their employees and their suppliers are doing much better than those that don't. And the work from home and all the data, that capabilities, whether it's mobile or otherwise, once you have that implemented, your ability to adapt to changing business situations is so much better if you've moved to the cloud, and also capabilities that you may need can be supplied by a vendor like ourselves where, for example, as we've discussed, we rolled out health and safety to our HCM customers, so they could better work with their employees and monitor and advise them regarding COVID. And there is no question that digital transformation is the top goal of companies and those companies that had been delaying or moving slowly have brand-new urgency on it. And of course, because we are ranked and I think it's our third year in a row in the top right-hand quadrant on Gartner really with no one even close to us, we are the number one choice for moving to Fusion ERP and other back-office applications. So for us, I have to say that there is just incredible momentum and commitment from our – from prospects and customers and for companies who have been on-premise either with our products or historically with SAP where they just can't continue like they did.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, I'll add. Your question about services, we have pretty much made the migration away from on-premise implementations where all of our staff is focused on cloud implementations. And during that transition, every time we go through one of these transitions, it looks like something isn't growing or worse yet something is shrinking. Well, in this case, the on-premise stuff went down until it almost went away. And basically all of the implementation services you see for applications are cloud implementations. We've now made the migration and that should just grow steadily as demand for those systems increases. We really don't have a lot of competition. That's the understatement of the year in cloud ERP. I'd love to know who the competitors are. SAP doesn't have a product. When we – we're in a competition with the SAP right now and we've just gotten – we just found out, we're vendor of choice and their big thing was SAP doesn't have a cloud product. They have hosting. They're willing to put a custom computer in Amazon and just build a specialized version for the customer. That's not the cloud. We update our applications every three months, the entire fleet of 8,000 Fusion customers are updated every three months. The entire fleet of 28,000 NetSuite customers are updated every six months. You get SAP, they install it and then they probably will update it again five years now. It's an on-premise system. They don't have a cloud system. We're winning every deal against them, everyone, and we're taking a lot of their customers away.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Moerdler with Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much for taking my questions, and congratulations on the size and strength of the IaaS plus SaaS cloud. OCI Gen 2 passed Google GCP in the Gartner IaaS/PaaS feature functionality ranking this month. Let me ask, is the functionality checkbox enough to capture market or do you believe that customers fundamentally view OCI different than AWS, Azure and GCP and why? Thanks.
Lawrence Ellison: Well, I think the big question was, I think, the big issue that remains open about Oracle – I would say, it probably still remains open about Oracle is can Oracle compete with database against Amazon? It's interesting question because Amazon doesn't really have it. Well, Amazon has like 13 separate databases where the Oracle data, we do everything in a single database. We don't think an application should talk to five or six separate databases. We think it's a very risky security architecture. But the question is Amazon is the big leader in cloud. We're the big leader in databases. Well, if forced to choose, will they pick the Amazon Cloud and a database other than the Oracle Database? And - or are they willing to move to migrate their Oracle applications to the Oracle Cloud to get the Oracle – all the security and performance advantages of the Oracle Database? That’s been the big question out there. And with our cloud good enough to compete with Amazon and Google and Microsoft, and I think we have answered those questions. It's not only good enough to compete. It’s - in many cases, it's much better for security, for performance, for reliability, for cost, we're cheaper. And that's one of the reasons we have such a big ISV business. And so many people have left Amazon and come to the Oracle Cloud was because we cost less. So we have significant cost advantages. And I think this is another big step to proving that the Oracle Cloud is part of the big four. It's not a big three. It's a big four. I'm not including the Chinese players because they're regional or not global. I'm counting the Gartner sequence and the Gartner sequence is Amazon, Microsoft, Oracle, Google. And if we're in the big four and virtually every important database application on Earth runs – I mean, not everyone, but the vast majority run on the Oracle Database. If those migrate to the Oracle Cloud, we have a very, very large business, and we're seeing people moving more and more things to the Oracle Cloud. Now in this Gartner report, we will just help – we'll move that along quite nicely.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Lawrence Ellison: By the way, it's not just the Gartner report. If they come and look and they run, if they do a comparison, a straighter comparison us, Google, us, Amazon, they test the application in both places. We win all of those. It's when they don't come and look that we have a problem.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Erica, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derrick Wood with Cowen and Company.
Derrick Wood: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Safra, nice job at accelerating recurring revenue growth, while still growing operating income in Q1. Last quarter, you had alluded to the fiscal 2022 being more of an investment year for you guys. Can you just remind us how you're thinking about balancing topline growth versus operating income growth or operating margins for the fiscal year and maybe touch on where you want to be adding more investments to help with accelerating growth either from a geo perspective or a product go-to-market standpoint?
Safra Catz: Well, you and your colleagues have been following Oracle for a long time and you know that when we talk about investing, we still focus on increasing profitability, okay. We're not like many of these other companies that when they invest, they lose money or they don't make more money. We will make more money this year, while investing and accelerating than we did before. So that's our expectation is we don't have to pick. We've never believed we have to pick because we have differentiated products that are very high value. You know how we run the company. We don't waste money. We spend it on things that bring returns, and we're very careful about that, but we have so much demand worldwide right now for really our cloud product lines pretty much across the Board, whether it's our Database Services, our Cloud at Customer, our OCI Gen 2, our Fusion products, it's just such a great time that even though we're going to invest more, we will make more. And so we just don't think you have to pick one or the other. It's just a matter of – this is an important time for us to invest, but we're going to make more money.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, I'd like to just second that with an example in the past, recent history where when we bought NetSuite, we considered NetSuite strategic. We thought this is a company that it should be growing even faster than it was independently as a part of Oracle. And so we made a number of investments in NetSuite, and we've seen their growth – NetSuite has gotten bigger obviously, but their growth rate has increased and we've invested, but we've made more money and we're growing faster in NetSuite. So I think that's the model that Safra likes to implement. And it seems to be working pretty well at NetSuite. We don't see why it would be any different in a larger business like the Oracle Public Cloud.
Derrick Wood: Understood. Thanks for the color.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much, and thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess Larry, can you sort of double click on OCI and specifically, I was curious what you're seeing with some of your early OCI customers in terms of net expansion, meaning how are those customers growing with you in terms of either net workloads or new infrastructure services? And within those customers, do you feel like you're taking wallet share versus some of the other public vendors? Just to give us a sense on how those might act as a proxy for others? Thanks.
Lawrence Ellison: Absolutely. We have corporate customers. They've been with us for a while that are expanding. Maybe the most interesting thing about this is, are the ISVs because the ISVs, I mean they are in the cloud business. I mean, that's their whole business. They run – their primary expense is running their cloud operations. And when a number of those companies move from Amazon to Oracle, I mean, I'll give you a bunch of examples, then they really take a close look at the economics of what they're doing the reliability of the system. Zoom is a famous example, but there are a bunch of other ISV examples of companies that have moved from Amazon to Oracle. So that is really very encouraging. But we're seeing it now in our corporate customers as well. They move a workload. That works, they wait. They move in two or three more workloads. That’s continuing. So we think again, as Gartner report is one more step in the right direction in terms of encouraging our corporate customers to move even more workloads and accelerate the rate. But have we seen a pattern? Yes. We move a workload for a customer, and move a second workload to third workload. Once they understand, it works smoothly and the economics are advantageous. They just move more workloads on a continuous basis and that's what we are experiencing.
Kirk Materne: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Turits with KeyBanc.
Michael Turits: Hey, Larry and Safra. I wanted to ask about Cloud at Customer. I think you mentioned, Safra, it's growing 40%. So what tailwinds and if there are any headwinds is this Cloud at Customer seeing. And is that now able to start driving sustainable database acceleration beyond the acceleration that you saw this quarter?
Safra Catz: Yes, I mean, one of the things I didn't mention was that consumption at Cloud at Customer is up over 150%. So you need to understand that once Cloud at Customer, they take a while to set up and then once they start getting set up because it's a little bit more complicated. We follow a very, very special security model and what we do is, it's really a land-and-expand model. The customer brings in some workloads and then they realize how incredible it is. And it runs their database workloads, it runs their other workloads so quickly, so cost effectively that it just builds in momentum. The thing that, as I said, it takes a while to actually land and get it all set up, but now it's gotten to be a good size and then it's just accelerating for us. And so that's really where we're at. It is a global product. It is completely differentiated, and it is very profitable for us. And it fits the need of our customers because remember their Oracle workloads in particular really, really run amazingly, but also those are their most important workloads often and those have to be perfect. And that's really – they have to be secure, they have to be performing, they have to be always up, and they have to be economical for them, and it's just a – it's a perfect match for what they need.
Michael Turits: Great. Thanks, Safra.
Ken Bond: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Our final question comes from Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thank you very much. So you seem to have pivoted your CapEx approach a bit from just-in-time purchases to carrying a bit of a capacity buffer, so that you can deploy all these OCI wins. I'm just curious Safra, does it take a quarter or two and then, you have enough of a buffer there or do you see such a pipeline for OCI demand that this CapEx rise perhaps could last a while longer, which might be a good news for future revenue growth?
Safra Catz: Well, I don't like to be cut short. That's for sure. And so I want to make sure I have enough, but we do have enormous demand frankly. So this is what I always call a high-class problem, but we try to make sure that we manage it very, very carefully. I thought it was worth it to take on quite a bit more inventory, but it is getting used up very quickly all the time. And we stay very, very focused on being able to deliver to our customers, the demand, but we have such accelerating demand that we have to stay vigilant to make sure we've got what we need, where we need it and in the quantities that we need it.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Safra Catz: Thank you. Ken, we can't hear you.
Ken Bond: Thank you. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-06-15 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle’s Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I’d like to turn today’s call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Erica. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from our Investor Relations website as well. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the statements being made today. As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and encouraging you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking the questions, we’ll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. We are again reporting earnings earlier than last year. And with Fusion ERP, we are now filing our quarterly and annual financial statements faster than any other company in the S&P 500. This is possible because of the highly automated and machine learning-enabled system that helps us complete the accounting of financial transactions much more quickly. As you can see, we had a fantastic quarter with revenue nearly $200 million above my guidance. Q4 is really a story of every product, every region, and every metric exceeding expectations. The credit for the excellent full year results in the quarter goes to our global team of employees who supported our customers without interruption this past year. We were successful by continuing to deliver best-in-class products and services, both infrastructure and applications to help our customers in their digital transformation, many who’ve reinvented themselves in real time because of the pandemic. Now, the growth rates we are reporting today are entirely organic, reflecting true [Technical Difficulty] related growth across our product portfolio. Total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter was $7.4 billion, up 8% in U.S. dollars, 4% in constant currency driven by Fusion, Autonomous Database, and our Gen2 OCI. Application subscription revenues were $3 billion, up 11% in U.S. dollars and 7% in constant currency. Our strategic back-office cloud applications now have an annualized revenue of $4.4 billion and grew 32% in constant currency for the quarter, including Fusion ERP, which was up 42%. NetSuite ERP, up 22%; and Fusion HCM, up 30%. Our back-office cloud application revenue is not only bigger than our nearest competitor but also growing more than twice as fast. Infrastructure subscription revenues were $4.3 billion, up 6% in USD, up 2% in constant currency. Infrastructure cloud services now have an annualized revenue of more than $2.3 billion. OCI consumption revenue, which was up 103% in constant currency; Autonomous Database, up 56%; and cloud customer revenues, up 50%. Database subscription revenues, including database support and database cloud services, were up 8% in USD, 4% in constant currency. Customers are adopting OCI because of its unique focus on performance and security at the most competitive price. The highly differentiated Autonomous Database, which is available there and the flexibility of deploying Oracle Cloud, both in our own data center, what we call public cloud or behind our customers’ firewall, Cloud@Customer. License revenues were $2.1 billion [ph], up 9% in USD, 5% in constant currency. So, all-in, total revenues for the quarter were $11.2 billion, up 8% in USD, 4% in constant currency. Operating expenses were up 6% in constant currency this quarter, and we made significant investments in our cloud business. And while you can see some of the ROI in FY21’s revenue growth, we expect the most of the return will be realized in FY’22 and beyond. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.4 billion, up 6% in USD; and the operating margin was 49%. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 10.7% and below our base tax rate of 20% as a result of some discrete items that hit in the quarter. EPS was $1.54, up 29% in USD and up 22% in constant currency. By the way, GAAP EPS was $1.37, up 39% in USD, 31% in constant currency. Now, for the full fiscal year, total cloud services and license support revenue was $28.7 billion, up 5% in USD, up 3% in constant currency. Total Company revenues for the year were $40.5 billion, up in 4%, USD, 2% in constant currency. FY’21 recurring cloud services and license support revenue as a percentage of total revenue now represents 71% of total company revenue, up from 70% last year, and we anticipate this trend to continue as cloud services grow and accelerate. Non-GAAP EPS for the year was $4.67, up 21% in USD, up 18% in constant currency, marking the fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth. The full-year operating margin percentage was 47%, actually our best result in seven years and up 245 basis points from 44% last year. Operating cash flows over the last four quarters was a record $15.9 billion, up 21% in USD. Our free cash flow was also a record, $13.8 billion, up 19% in USD with capital expenditures of $2.1 billion during the year. For the quarter -- back to the quarter, operating cash flow was $4.8 billion, up 34% in USD; and free cash flow was $4.1 billion, up 30% from last year. As in the side, free cash flow would have been about 30 -- $300 million lower as some CapEx targeted for Q4 was actually spent in the last two weeks, so in early June. We now have more than $46 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance was $8.8 billion, up 10% in USD, 5% in constant currency. The remaining performance obligation, or RPO balance is $41.3 billion, up 8% in constant currency due to strong bookings. Approximately 60% is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. As you’ve heard me say many times before, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 107 million shares for a total of $8 billion. Over the last 12 months, we repurchased 329 million shares for a total of $21 billion. Over the last 10 years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by more than 44%. In addition, we paid out dividends of $3.1 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. Now to the guidance. Let me first start with my confidence in the continuation of our revenue growth acceleration for fiscal-year 2022. As I’ve said many times over the last two years, our overall revenue growth is continuing to accelerate as our fast-growing cloud business becomes a larger portion of our total revenue. I see total revenue for fiscal 2022 growing faster than fiscal ‘21 with constant currency revenue growth somewhere in mid-single digits. Given our increasing confidence in revenue growth and our unique and differentiated position in the market, we are going to invest back in the business at a greater rate, so we can further accelerate the top line. We also see cloud as being fundamentally a more profitable business compared to on-premise. And as everyone knows, our annual non-GAAP margins of 47%, and that’s what we run the business at, are in fact the highest non-GAAP margins of all of our competitors. And we believe that now is the right time to increase our investment to capture market share. As such, we expect to roughly double our cloud CapEx spend in FY 2022 to nearly $4 billion. We are confident that the increased return in the cloud business more than justifies this increased investment and our margins will expand over time. Let me now turn to my guidance for Q1. I’ll review this on a non-GAAP basis and assuming currency exchange rates remain the same as they are now. Currency should be about 2% to 3% positive on total revenue and $0.03 positive on EPS in Q1, however, currency fluctuates and the actual impact could be different. Total revenues for Q1 are expected to grow from 3% to 5% in USD and are expected to grow 1% to 3% in constant currency. Cloud service and license support revenue growth for Q1 will be about the same as Q4 at 4% in constant currency and then climb through the year. As a result of the increased investment in the quarter, non-GAAP EPS in USD is expected to grow between 2% and 6% and be between $0.94 and $0.98 in USD. Non-GAAP EPS growth in constant currency is expected to be anywhere from negative to positive 2 and be between $0.91 and $0.95 in constant currency. Now, my EPS guidance assumes a base tax rate of 19%. However, onetime events could cause actual rates for any given quarter to vary, but I expect that normalizing for these onetime events, our tax rate will average around 19% or so. Finally, we want to thank our employees around the world for working so hard and staying focused on our customers and partners during the pandemic. And we also want to send particular thanks and warmest wishes to our employees in COVID hotspots who’ve been hit particularly hard in [Technical Difficulty] and with whom we have been working very hard to support them, including providing vaccination. We just want to thank all of you and congratulate you all on a successful year and year-end. You’ve all been remarkable. So, thank you. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thanks, Safra, and great job. Your team delivered a spectacular Q4. Clearly, our strategy to develop cloud applications with cloud infrastructure is now beginning to drive top line revenue growth to go along with years of consistent double-digit earnings per share growth. Our strategy is as easy to explain as it is technically challenging to implement. That’s a good thing. If it wasn’t hard to do, others would be able to do it. Our strategy and applications depends on Oracle becoming the world’s largest provider of cloud ERP systems. Then, building upon that strong ERP foundation, we’re going to expand into manufacturing, CRM and industry-specific applications. We are successfully executing this strategy. Oracle Fusion and NetSuite are now the world’s two most popular cloud ERP systems. SAP, the leader in on-premise ERP, never rewrote their ERP system for the cloud. This has caused hundreds of customers to abandon SAP and migrate to Oracle Fusion ERP. That’s already happened. But over the coming months, several more major banks and utilities and a lot of other companies will complete their Oracle Fusion implementation projects and go live on Fusion ERP. Oracle is taking massive amounts of share away from SAP ERP. It’s crucial to our future. While our Fusion and NetSuite [Technical Difficulty] have long been growing, we have also developed a complete new generation of cloud application suites. Our new manufacturing systems fully support and manage automated robotic factories. No one else does that. Our new cloud CRM applications help you sell more by fully automated internet advertising, lead generation and qualification. Nobody else does that. And we’re launching cloud application suites for 2 new industries, health care, and state and local government. Our health care initiative is an outgrowth of the national public health management systems that we built to manage the COVID-19 vaccine clinical trials and vaccine distribution in the United States and in other countries around the world. In summary, our cloud application portfolio is more complete than other apps vendors and better integrated because almost all of our applications were developed internally, not acquired. Our infrastructure strategy depends on AI technology, specifically, neural networks and machine learning that we use to develop second generation autonomous cloud services, such as the Oracle Autonomous Database, the Oracle Autonomous Linux operating system and an array of autonomous cybersecurity defense bots that automatically identify and neutralize cyber attacks. All of Oracle’s cloud applications then run within the defensive perimeter of Oracle’s autonomous cloud infrastructure, the most reliable and secure platform in the world. And that’s increasingly important in a world plagued by cyber warfare, data theft and ransomware. Oracle’s Autonomous Database and other autonomous services eliminate human labor. No human labor means no human error or opportunity for human mischief. Autonomy makes computer systems and cars much safer and more reliable. The Oracle Autonomous Database offers 99.995% availability. That means only a few minutes of downtime a year. And we have zero downtime security patching and upgrades, available today for infrastructure and very soon available for all of our applications. Economics is also important. OCI has, by far, the best cost performance of any infrastructure hyperscaler. That’s why so many service providers, like Zoom, have chosen to expand into OCI. OCI’s cost performance is continuously getting better. Our new version of MySQL, the world’s most popular open-source database, just got between 10 and 100 times faster. And when you charge by the minute, every minute you don’t use is money saved. Our new ARM microprocessors from technology partner Ampere delivers much better compute cost performance than either Intel or AMD, and by far, the lowest energy usage of any server microprocessor in the world. So, our latest infrastructure technologies are Good for our applications, good for your budget, good for the health of the planet and very good for Oracle’s future. Back to you, Safra.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Erica, if you could please now prepare the audience to poll for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. And congratulations on to the team on a clean, nice quarter. I’d like to try to get some more color on the drivers of the success of the Oracle Cloud ERP solution. Can you give us some more sense of how much of Oracle Fusion ERP is from new Oracle ERP customers? How much is international versus the U.S.? How much is large enterprise? Where is the sweet spot? Any color you can give to get a sense of what’s really driving the growth, and how much of that is new to versus existing customers would be very helpful.
Larry Ellison: Yes. This is Larry. There are more new customers than upgrades from on-premise ERP with Oracle Fusion. So, it’s probably about 60-40, in the 60s, it’s probably not quite two to one new customers, but most of the -- a majority of the business is coming from new customers. We’re also upgrading our installed base of the E-Business Suite and PeopleSoft and JD Edwards to Fusion. But again, more revenue is coming from new customers, [Technical Difficulty] customers, people like that. They are coming from our on-premise installed base. So, that’s really the trend. And we think that trend is actually going to accelerate in favor of new customers because the SAP migration phenomenon is relatively recent in the last 12 months -- over the last two years, but it’s really accelerating now in the last 12 months. So, we think that’s going to hold. So, another way to look at it is it’s a very -- as people migrate to Oracle Fusion ERP and smaller companies migrate to NetSuite ERP, these are both enormous businesses. Fusion ERP, I mean, it is certainly much bigger than $10 billion -- and NetSuite is bigger than $10 billion, Fusion is probably bigger than $20 billion as these businesses mature.
Safra Catz: Yes, and as far as where it’s happening, I have to tell you, it is so broad-based. It is a worldwide phenomenon for us. Our Fusion, NetSuite are just chugging along. It was an incredible, incredible Q4, and Q1 looks enormous. So imagine, bookings are way up, and there’s just a lot of success. We have so many customers that have gone live. So, we have references from some of the largest companies in the world to really small or medium-sized companies that it’s pretty consistent, almost any prospect can find many companies just like it already being incredibly successful. And I think that, frankly, the pandemic taught many of our prospects and customers that moving quickly is really required these days. I think that folks used to think moving quickly is risky. I think, they really saw that they had to move to much more modern, flexible, digital businesses, and that we are the [Technical Difficulty] destination for them for the back-office without a doubt.
Larry Ellison: I’d like to add one thing. We almost never lose a competitive ERP deal in the cloud, virtually never.
Operator: And our next question is from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you, guys, for taking the questions, and congratulations on another year of 20% -- or a year of 20% plus earnings growth. And frankly, nice to see the stock starting to reflect the durability of earnings growth you guys have seen over the past couple of years. So, it’s nice to see that. I wanted to dig in a little bit on the infrastructure side of the equation, and in particular, OCI. Another quarter of, I think you said, 103% growth in OCI consumption. Can you dig in a little bit on sort of what are the workloads that are being done on OCI? Is this just all Oracle Database workloads? We know there’s a lot of those out there that just run so well on OCI, or is there a broader perspective of the big workloads that guys are bringing over, not looking for commentary on any specific customer, but just broadly what do you see in this space? Where do you guys do well? Where do you win with OCI?
Larry Ellison: Okay. I mean, it’s really easy to remember. About half of it’s database, half of it’s everything else. So, I mean everything else -- I mean, the database, you understand. They’re lifting and shifting existing database workloads and developing new Oracle Database workloads on OCI. The other thing varies from things like Zoom who have moved over, but also in simulations, and we’re very, very good at running simulation software. So, almost -- so a large number of car companies have moved all of their PaaS simulations to the Oracle Cloud because we do it faster and cheaper than any other cloud. So, we have actually a pretty balanced portfolio right now where we have the Oracle database contributing to half of the workloads running on -- running in OCI and the other half is a variety of new customers doing new applications, not database related.
Safra Catz: Keith, thank you. First of all, thank you for [Technical Difficulty]. The reality is that any customer that is really focused on performance, security like Larry mentioned, and cost, which happens to show up in many, many workloads, one of the areas we’re doing particularly well are ISVs who are obviously experts at running their workloads. They’re in the business and they are coming to us extensively because they’re really studying the benefits that we bring them. And of course, as I mentioned and as we never stop mentioning, security with what’s going on these days. You really have to be in a cloud that is basically obsessed with security while still giving you incredible performance at lower cost. I mean, once we are given a try, what happens is the workload comes, one workload comes, and it’s usually followed by many others. And so, it’s -- we’ve got a lot of momentum, let’s say.
Larry Ellison: And I want to emphasize one thing, I said it, but I want to say it again, is there are new Oracle workloads being developed, especially in the area of genomics where there have been a number of new databases moved to Oracle and OCI that track things like the genetic variants of COVID-19. But, there are a number of these things, and you’ll see a whole series of announcements coming out where we’ve moved aggressively into health care, and one of the big new applications for our database is just -- is tracking the genomics of pathogens, and those databases are being developed right on Oracle Autonomous Database from scratch.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derrick Wood with Cowen & Company.
Derrick Wood: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. And congrats as well on a strong quarter. I’ve got one for Safra and one for Larry. Safra, in the past, you’ve talked about the potential revenue opportunity for the app space, if you were to migrate everybody to SaaS. So, I wanted to ask about the database side and in particular, Exadata. Can you give us a sense of what the revenue potential or uplift could be if you shifted all Exadata customers to Cloud@Customer? And how you feel about the strength of those motions heading into the new fiscal year? And then, for Larry, I mean, as you guys push to drive adoption of Autonomous Database, should we think of Cloud@Customer being the biggest vehicle for adoption, or what routes to market do you see working best?
Safra Catz: Okay. Let me get it started, and then Larry can finish. So, Derrick, I’m glad you asked because when customers move from running their own dozen or 100 Exadatas, when it’s time for a refresh or a new set, we prefer that they go to Cloud@Customer and -- or have a dedicated region. However, just so that you know since you all focus on the numbers, you have to understand that when we sell hardware, regular way, we recognize all that revenue once it’s delivered, all that hardware is delivered. But, when we install Cloud@Customer, Exadata Cloud@Customer or dedicated region, we don’t recognize that revenue upfront. And so, -- and you don’t even see that that is all happening right now in our income statement and yet we’re still growing. So, as a general matter, first of all, it is much -- even though we believe we make around 3 times, maybe more, in revenue in the case of Cloud@Customer versus selling -- just selling the hardware can be anywhere from 3 to 5 times, the customer actually ends up spending less because we manage their entire estate. We update their databases, et cetera, depending on what services they’re using, and they get the benefit of always having capacity, always having the most up-to-date system, the most secure system and patched and fully managed by us. So, though, ultimately, they give us significantly more money 3 to 5 times as much, in fact, they end up spending much less to maintain that estate. So, for -- it’s kind of a win-win because we’re much more efficient, fully automated and save them the immense amount of labor it takes to run these very critical production systems. Okay. I guess, Larry’s question, what was it again, Derrick?
Derrick Wood: It was around Autonomous Database and what’s kind of the route to market to drive adoption, is Cloud@Customer really the biggest vehicle, or are there other routes that are working well too?
Larry Ellison: Well, the Autonomous Database only runs in the cloud. It does not run on-premise. It doesn’t run on -- even at the Exadata appliance. It runs on [Technical Difficulty] or public cloud. So right now, the public cloud is the most popular route for Autonomous Database and Cloud@Customer is becoming more popular as people scale up, so. But right now, the most popular way to use Autonomous Database is in the OCI public cloud.
Operator: Our next question is from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much. And thanks for taking the question. I was wondering, Safra, could you just talk about sort of the performance in Europe this quarter? It looks like it bounced back nicely. And I guess, along those same lines, can you just talk about cloud adoption on certain [Technical Difficulty] just maybe what you’re seeing in the -- I assume you guys are probably leading the charge. But what you’re seeing in other regions just following maybe close behind it? Thanks.
Safra Catz: Sure. So, first of all, I have two new leaders in Europe, Middle East, Africa. I have a very refreshed and new and really successful management team in Europe. And they are pretty much firing on all cylinders. It is extremely broad throughout Europe, Middle East, all of EMEA. [Technical Difficulty] tell you incredible strength worldwide. Latin America doing phenomenally; Japan doing phenomenally; as a result, JPAC doing very, very well; and of course, led by North America. I have to tell you, it’s been an amazing year. It was a phenomenal quarter, but truly an amazing year worldwide. And I’m more than satisfied. I am delighted by the results of the team. And for me, this was my first full year with the field. So, I really applaud the team for doing a spectacular job worldwide.
Operator: Our final question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey. Thanks for squeezing me in. Safra, the one thing that was interesting that we didn’t really talk that much about is your RPO and RPO growth. Can you talk about it again? Because like the growth there is actually even better than I see on the revenue line. And that, to me, suggests that this wasn’t just Q4. It looks like things are coming together broad-based in the coming quarters as well. Thank you.
Safra Catz: Yes, Raimo, you are so right. Q4, but really, it’s just coming together all around, the RPO. I’m glad [Technical Difficulty] really, really strong bookings are -- were truly enormous. Obviously, they don’t show up in the income statement right away, but they -- the future is just so positive. And you might have heard me, I was hinting to that in my comments. And one of the reasons we’re so comfortable leaning into our investment because we really want to make sure we’ve got the capacity to take on the enormous amount of bookings that are flying in and that both were [Technical Difficulty] during the year and are going on line, and so, will be recognized over this next year and beyond. But, there is just an enormous backlog for us of customers that are going live and that will start consuming and we’re very optimistic. So, thank you so much for asking, and I’m glad you noticed that.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you. Okay. Congrats.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Safra. If there are any questions coming out of this call, please feel free to call the Investor Relations hotline. Otherwise, I’ll turn the call back to Erica for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining today’s Oracle’s fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-03-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Erica. Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2021 earnings conference call.  A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of customers mentioned on this customer conference call as well as many others which have purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will also be available from the Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. We'll begin with a few prepared remarks, and then I'll turn the call over to Safra. Safra?
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. And good afternoon, everyone. We are again, reporting earnings 10 days after the end of the fiscal quarter, faster than any other company in the S&P 500. Fusion Cloud ERP enables us to understand our business performance sooner and with greater insight, which is an advantage our customers are rapidly beginning to appreciate. As you can see, we had a great quarter and executed well against our growth plan. Revenue was in line with our USD guidance while EPS beat the mid-point of guidance by $0.05. Our total cloud services and license support revenue for the quarter was $7.3 billion, up 5% in U.S. dollars, 2% in constant currency, driven by Fusion, Autonomous Database and our Gen2 OCI cloud. Recurring revenue, as a percentage of total revenue now represents 72% of total company revenue and we anticipate this trend to continue as cloud services grow. Application subscription revenues were $3 billion up 5% in U.S. dollars, 3% in constant currency. Our strategic back-office cloud applications now have annualized revenue of $4 billion and grew 24% this quarter, including Fusion ERP up 27%, NetSuite ERP up 22% and Fusion HCM up 21%. Infrastructure subscription revenues were $4.3 billion, up 4% in U.S. dollars, up 2% in constant currency. Infrastructure cloud services now have an annualized revenue of more than $2 billion, including OCI consumption revenue, which was up 123%; autonomous database was up 55%; cloud customer consumption revenue was up over 200%, but on small numbers. Database subscription revenues, including database support and database cloud services, were up 6% in U.S. dollars and up 3% in constant currency. License revenues were $1.3 billion, up 4% in U.S. dollars and unchanged in constant currency. So all in, total revenues for the quarter were $10.1 billion, up 3% in U.S. dollars, up slightly in constant currency. Operating expenses were down this quarter. And non-GAAP operating income was $4.8 billion, up 6% from last year. Q3 operating margin was 47% in USD, up 300 basis points from 44% last year, and our best Q3 results in more than 10 years. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 16.7% slightly below our base tax rate, as a result of some discrete items. EPS was a $1.16 in U.S. dollars up 20% in U.S. dollars, up 16% in constant currency. GAAP EPS was a $1.68 in U.S. dollars, up 113% and up 104% in constant currency. In the quarter, the GAAP income statement was impacted by a one-time net tax benefit of approximately $2.3 billion related to the transfer of certain assets between subsidiaries. To facilitate comparison across periods, we have excluded the effect of this event from our non-GAAP calculation. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was $14.7 billion with capital expenditures of $1.9 billion and free cash flow in excess of $12.8 billion over the same period. For the quarter operating cash flow was $3.7 billion up 23% and free cash flow was $3.3 billion up 26% from last year. We now have nearly $36 billion in cash and marketable security. The short-term deferred revenue balance was down in constant currency at $8.1 billion, while the short-term gross deferred revenue was up 4% in constant currency. As you know, the difference between the two growth rates is due entirely to timing differences in customer payments. The remaining performance obligation or RPO balance is $35.3 billion, up 2% in constant currency versus last year. Approximately 61% is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months, up from 60% a year ago. As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovations, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. In this quarter we repurchased more than 64 million shares for a total of 4 billion. In addition, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividends, 33% from $0.24 to $0.32 per share. The Board of Directors also authorized an additional $20 billion for the repurchase of Oracle shares. As I mentioned last quarter, we experienced capacity constraints for OCI cloud services as customer workloads expanded dramatically. In addition, we continue to land many new customers, including ISVs, and we have some very large users coming online shortly that will require significant amounts of capacity. As a result, we're investing aggressively this quarter, this Q4, both OpEx and CapEx to prepare for this increase in cloud consumption and associated revenue in FY2022. As such, we are going to target a 49% operating margin for Q4. This will enable us to continue to deliver double digit earnings growth, once again, in FY2022 for the fifth year in a row. Now to the guidance. Again, my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and assumes current exchange rates remain the same as they are now, which is a 4% positive effect on total revenue and $0.07 positive effect on EPS in Q4. It may look like a positive effect of $0.08 to EPS due to rounding, but it's $0.07. However, actual currency impacts could be different [so here it goes] [ph]. Total revenues are expected to grow from 5% to 7% in U.S. dollars and are expected to grow 1% to 3% in constant currency. Cloud services and license support will grow faster than in Q3, as well as strategic back-office cloud applications. As a result of the increased investment in the quarter, non-GAAP EPS in USD is expected to grow 7% to 11% and be between a $1.28 and a $1.32 in USD. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to be flat to up 4% and be between a $1.20 and a $1.24 in constant currency. CapEx for Q4 is expected to be $1 billion. My EPS guidance for Q4 assumes a base rate of 19%. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary, but I expect that normalizing for these one-time tax events, our tax rate will average around 19% or so. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Three months ago, Bob Evans posted an article on the Cloud Wars’ website in which he quotes SAP, CFO, Luka Mucic making the following statement at an investors conference. And I quote, “I have checked and we have not lost a single ERP customer to Oracle.” In other words, after personally, checking SAP’s Chief Financial Officer could not find a single example of an SAP ERP customer move into Oracle Fusion on ERP, not one. Perhaps he should have checked a little bit more carefully. In Q3 alone we signed contracts, totaling hundreds of millions of dollars to migrate several very large SAP ERP customers, to Oracle Fusion ERP. But this was not just a recent Q3 event. This has been going on for a couple of years. I'm now going to go and present a list of over a 100 companies and government agencies that have already moved from SAP ERP to Fusion ERP, or currently in the process of doing so. I've divided the list of SAP customers who are moving to Oracle Fusion ERP into two distinct groups. I want to be very precise here. The first group is moving their entire company to the fusion ERP suite, including core financials, it's Oracle wall-to-wall. The second group has started deploying Fusion ERP applications, but has not yet put in the entire suite and may still be running SAP financials in some places. They have begun the migration, but they are not committed to doing the entire suite as yet, or they are not in the process of doing the entire suite as yet. Okay. So let me go to start the list. TPS Company, an industrial manufacturer of rail cars in North America replaced out all of the SAP ERP with Oracle Fusion, including financial accounting, procurement, enterprise performance management, supply chain, HCM, everything with the fusion cloud, complete replacement of SAP ERP to fusion ERP. G4S plc security services firm, the world's largest security company by revenue, complete replacement of SAP R/3 with Oracle ERP and Oracle HCM. First Solar, North America’s only remaining maker of solar panels in the United States replaced SAP's S4/HANA, Ariba, Concur third-party apps, all of SAP ERP with Oracle Fusion ERP, Oracle Fusion EPM, Oracle Fusion, HCM, and supply chain management. Transit Wireless, a North American telco completely replaced out SAP R/3 with Oracle Fusion ERP and Oracle Fusion HCM. West Sussex County Council, a complete SAP replacement with Oracle ERP, Oracle HCM and Oracle EPM. ERP now, HCM, EPM is Oracle Enterprise Performance Management, complete wall-to-wall Oracle at West Sussex County Council, no more SAP. CEMEX, a concrete company in Mexico, completely replaced SAP with Oracle ERP and supply chain. Niagara Bottling, a North American beverage manufacturer, private labels bottled water, replaced SAP with Oracle ERP, supply chain, transportation management, et cetera. New Zealand Inland Revenue, complete SAP R/3 replacement with Oracle ERP and Oracle HCM. University of The Andes in Latin America, the number one university in Colombia, a complete replacement of – they had SAP for 10 years, replaced it with Oracle ERP, HCM, EPM, supply chain, sales, everything. Bip&Drive, a travel and transportation company in EMEA, electronic toll payment provider for the roadways in Spain, again, replaced – was offered a free S/4HANA upgrade, instead chose Oracle Fusion Cloud. GE Grid Software, an industrial manufacturer software for utilities and power transmissions, complete SAP replacement with Oracle ERP Fusion Cloud. Postcon, let’s say the second largest mail carrier in Germany, SAP complete replacement of RP, replaced them with Oracle Fusion ERP and the cloud plus supply chain management. Birmingham City Council, complete SAP replacement using Oracle ERP, Oracle HCM. They are the biggest city council in the UK. Metro Pacific Tollways Corporation, a toll road developer in Asia. SAP replacement got rid of SAP and replaced with Oracle ERP and Oracle EPM. Africa World Airlines replaced SAP with Oracle ERP, EPM, HCM, sales, service and marketing. Batelco, that’s the Bahrain telephone company, they had been running SAP for a decade and they moved to Fusion Cloud, ERP, EPM and HCM. European Logistics and Applied Engineering group, actually the name – they don’t want their name specifically mentioned. They are the largest private company in Belgium. And they completely replaced SAP R/3 and they thought the cost of moving to S/4HANA and the cloud was much too high and they instead went with Oracle Fusion ERP.  TICO Logistica, a logistics company in Latin America had SAP – had SAP replaced with Oracle ERP at the end of the sales. FedEx, FedEx had SAP ERP in some places and Oracle ERP in some places. They replaced out all of the – they are in the process of replacing out all of the SAP ERP and standardizing on Oracle Fusion ERP and supply chain management. Grupo Bimbo had SAP in some divisions and Oracle in other divisions. They’re replacing out all of the SAP and standardizing on Oracle Fusion ERP and supply chain management. Western Digital, a complete replacement, they had SAP. Western Digital had SAP and SanDisk. They had SAP at HGST, replaced all of that out and have standardized an Oracle Fusion in the – Fusion ERP in the cloud. VP World, they had SAP S/4HANA, SAP HR, R/3. They eliminated all of that. By the way in EMEA marine terminal operator, they are located in EMEA. They are global. They replaced out all of their SAP and standardized an Oracle Fusion ERP and the cloud. Cohu, they are a semiconductor test and handling equipment company in North America. They had a combination of Oracle ERP and SAP ERP replaced out all of the SAP ERP and are standardized on Oracle. This one is interesting. They don’t want their name mentioned. They are a huge European – North American and European manufacturer of ATMs and they’ve replaced out all of SAP and the German subsidiary BOSSY throughout the world and they standardized on Fusion ERP, SCM and HCM and they have added Oracle Performance Management, Fusion Performance Management. Let’s see. Another company whose name they don’t want to be mentioned, let’s see, they are a high-tech manufacturer in North America. They replaced out SAP R/3, ERP, HCM and standardized an Oracle Fusion, Oracle Fusion in the cloud.  Albelli Group, they are a manufacturer of photo products in the UK. They replaced an SAP with, guess what Fusion ERP. Consol Energy, utilities company in Pittsburgh replaced out SAP with Oracle Fusion in the cloud.  Enbridge, Enbridge is an oil and gas multinational based in Calgary, Canada, replaced out all of SAP with Oracle Fusion ERP. Gemini Industries – Gemini Energy, they are an LAV, they are an energy transmission system, the largest in Brazil with substations all across Brazil, replaced SAP with Fusion ERP. GoodStorage in Latin America, the self-storage company in Brazil, again, got rid of SAP, put Infusion ERP. Grupo Globo, they are on media and entertainment, Latin America’s largest media and entertainment company, replaced SAP with Oracle ERP and HCM standardized on Oracle ERP and HCM. IQVIA, a complete SAP replacement. They are manufacturing pharmaceutical company in North America. They’ve moved away from SAP standardizing on Fusion in the cloud. Corrigan, a healthcare company in EMEA, long-term care nursing homes, 300,000 senior citizens across Western Europe replaced SAP with Oracle Fusion. NatWest Group, NatWest Group includes NatWest, ABN AMRO, Royal Bank of Scotland, Ulster Bank and more. They had a combination of Oracle ERP and SAP ERP. They’re replacing out all of the SAP ERP and standardizing on Oracle Fusion in the cloud. Wind Tre, Wind Tre is a telecommunications company, the largest mobile operator in Italy, again completely replacing out SAP with Oracle Fusion ERP, SCM and EPM. Okay. Now I want to go onto the second group – second group of companies and these are companies that had started putting in Oracle Fusion modules but have yet – they have not replaced core financials as yet. So they’re buying our supply chain. They’re buying our procurement, They’re buying our transportation management. They’re buying our global trade management. But they have not yet bought Oracle Financials. So I want to be very specific that they are buying lots and lots of Fusion products. GN Airlines, Apollo Tyres, Achema, an adhesive solutions company in the UK, Aarhus Kommune, their municipality in Central Denmark, Caesars Enterprise Services, they have an idea – they bought Procurement in Supply Chain, a big hospitality company obviously in North America. Sheppard Danaher a product lifecycle management, they are a healthcare company. Department of Education and Training in Australia, they bought procurement.  DHL with an SAP replacement in some countries. So some countries are still running on SAP, but the new implementations they’re going in are in other countries, not in Germany as yet, in other countries are, Oracle Fusion ERP. Dove bought supply chain management and transportation management. Temsa [ph] bought – replaced all of SAP and some of their subsidiaries and bought supply chain warehouse management, supply chain planning, ERP. Again in some – and some subsidiaries all of ERP including an accounting procurement, all of that. Fujitsu Services, a manufacturer in Japan. Again the parent is running SAP financials but subs all over the world are moving to Oracle Fusion ERP. Keurig Dr Pepper, again – bought supply chain. Guardian bought all of – financial services company in North America, bought all of ERP. Honda bought supply [indiscernible] SAP Financials just recently bought Fusion supply chain, Fusion transportation management and has moved into the – from on-premise to the cloud. InvoTech, again a North American company – again, but parent still running SAP financials but the subs are running Oracle Fusion. Jackson Life, Lakshmi Cement, I’m not going to – I am going to read this faster now, Juniper Networks, Lloyds Bank, Move Incorporated, Munich Re, the largest food company in the world, bought – just bought Oracle performance management. News America Marketing, Orlando International, PG&E, Porcelanosa, Republic Services, SAC Wireless and Nokia Company, Samsonite, Puma, Santander Bank, Therma-Tru Doors. Okay. I am going to stop right there or I’ll take up all of the time you won’t be able to ask Safra questions. Okay. I don’t want to do that. Okay. All right. So again, the list is actually longer than 100-plus companies. I did read over 100 companies as I’m sure you painfully aware of. List is actually longer than the 100 companies I have just read. Some are most important wins and are very largest companies in regulated industries such as banking and utilities who are currently in the process of migrating from SAP ERP to Fusion ERP, prefer not to be publicly named on this call for obvious reasons. They don’t – even though they are often a reference for us, private reference where people are considering the same move, they don’t want to be on – their name on this call, because they want to maintain the best possible relations with SAP as they – even though they are in the process of transitioning away from SAP. All right. So I’d like to make one last point and then turn it back over to Safra. Specifically trying to answer one key question. How come so many customers are moving from SAP ERP to Fusion ERP? This has never happened before. A major migration between ERP vendors. Well, if you want to know the answer read the Gartner report comparing Oracle ERP to SAP ERP. Please don’t take my word for it. Read the report, it’s very short and it’s to the point. Gartner ranks Oracle Fusion ERP far in front, I mean far – you can find a magic quadrant where there is more a bigger gap between number one and number two. And so, Gartner ranks Oracle Fusion ERP far in front of all the other cloud ERP systems. But what’s surprising is SAP isn’t number two. SAP is at number three. SAP is listed among the leaders. SAP is listed among the lagger. Gartner – if you read the text, Gartner points out, and I quote, SAP’s own reference customers scored SAP in the lower half of cloud ERP vendors. I want to read that again. “SAP’s own reference customers scored SAP in the lower half of cloud ERP vendors.” SAP, the once-dominant on-premise ERP market leader is currently not competitive in the cloud ERP market. How could that has happened because SAP never rewrote their ERP system for the cloud. It’s that same with 30-year-old code. They never rewrote their ERP system for the cloud and it’s too late for them to start now. I'll turn it back over to Safra.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Erica, if you could please pull the audience for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Turits with KeyBanc Capital.
Michael Turits: Larry, thanks for all the color on ERP. I'd like to switch over to your database. You've made meaningful improvements in both cloud customer and OCI too which both one of the two are required for ADB. So, are those improvements enough that we're now starting to see the upgrades to ADB? And are you able to monetize those upgrades to the point where we'll start to see database growth acceleration?
Larry Ellison: The answer is I think there's no question. You're going to see a lot of database growth – a lot of database acceleration starting next year which we're a quarter away from. But we'll be fine in Q4. Again, its autonomous databases is growing pretty rapidly. But we expect it really to explode next year. And I really do mean very, very rapid growth next year. I'm not really ready to disclose our plans as to why I think it's going to suddenly spike but we expect very, very rapid database growth next year.
Michael Turits: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Hi Larry. This SAP replacement wave, feels like kind of a historic moment because that kind of activity it's usually so rare and these are the logos are pretty large that you're mentioning. So when we see…
Larry Ellison: I acknowledge for interrupting. The really spectacular logos [indiscernible] there's some of them are pretty spectacular on there. But we have some that are much larger and much – and absolutely shocking. I've been alluding to these, but sometimes we're in the middle of an 18-month implementation. And the customer doesn't want any mention. If I could mention them all, it would be – it’s front page news. I mean it's a very big deal. Yes. I agree with you. It's an historic event. It is – I think a long time ago, I said there are two technologies that will drive Oracle's future, one is the autonomous database and the other is ERP. We are – reading the Gartner report, we are so dominant. Our product is so much better than anyone else's product in the cloud. We expect to get a significant number more than half of SAP's customers we’ll get. But keeping our own, yes, plus getting a lot of it from the smaller companies like M4 and Lawson.
Mark Murphy: So Larry, the ones that we see, which aren't too savvy, you mentioned DHL and Honda and Lloyds Bank. Is that a precursor to moving to Oracle core financials eventually. And I'm just wondering which of Oracle strength is really catalyzing that wave of replacements?
Larry Ellison: Okay. So there are two lists. One, the first half of the list that I read and they're about equal sized lists where people that are already moved from SAP financials to Oracle financials. The second list where people that had partially moved to Oracle, but still were running SAP financials in some places. In other words, we don't consider it a complete win until we replace out. If we just sell procurement and supply chain and manufacturing and things like that, but they still run SAP financials we don't consider that a complete win. That's what we call our surround strategy. But once you start using our cloud products and compare that with SAPs on premise products, we think the vast majority of these companies that it started the journey, we'll finish the journey. And they'll want financials in the cloud, just like they have supply chain in the cloud, in procurement in the cloud. So yes, we expect company – we've already seen companies migrate off the second list. They buy procurement, they buy supply chain and they see, okay, I like that. And I'm going to buy financials. So yes, we expect all of those or excuse me, the vast majority of those customers to eventually standardize on Fusion Cloud ERP for everything. 
Mark Murphy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Moerdler with Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. Thank you very much for taking my question and appreciate the additional color that Safra you gave on the call. I'd like to turn to OCI Gen2. We've been hearing about security concerns from consumer internet companies. To what extent has OCI security technology helped you in business with these companies and is consumer internet a big driver for OCI Gen2, also to be clear, this is not about TikTok, it's that all the other consumer internet company opportunities. Thank you.
Larry Ellison: Yes. Well I think there are two things that are interesting about OCI. One on the security front. One is we believe security should be always be turned on and in other words, there is no light switch, security on, security off. We have these things called max security zones in OCI where you cannot turn security off and max security is always turned on. It's a safe place to go inside of OCI. No one has anything like this, where security is always turned on. You cannot turn it off. You cannot open up a link – a network link that puts your infrastructure and your data in jeopardy. That's one thing. So security is always on. The second thing is autonomy is very interesting, because the Oracle autonomous database, by the way, the Oracle autonomous database is not the only autonomous product we have. We have autonomous Linux that is the foundation of OCS, the foundation operating system inside of the OCI network. Oracle autonomous, Linux, Oracle autonomous database has no human labor associated with them. Okay. So everyone says, well, that's a huge cost saving. It is, but that's not the most important benefit. The most important benefit if there is no human labor, there is no human error. If there's no human labor, there's no human mission, there's no opportunity for an insider to corrupt the system. There's no opportunity for a user to misconfigure a system that creates a security vulnerability that will lead to the loss of data. So, we think one of the most attractive aspects of OCI, other than its high performance, low cost, all of that, everyone likes to pay less and they do with OCI. But we do a better job of securing your data than any other cloud vendor. We've seen that be the decisive feature in winning a lot of these deals with ISVs and end user customers.
Mark Moerdler: I appreciate it. Thank you for the additional color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Phil Winslow: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a strong quarter. I just wanted to focus in on the license line it was up 4% as reported to be a flat constant currency off of what was actually the toughest comp for this fiscal year. Wondering if you can provide some context of sort of what is driving that particularly sort of relative to the strength that you are also seeing in the cloud side? Is this the Oracle database, is this the add-ons to the Oracle database? Any sort of more color there. And then also in particular in sort of in conjunction with the cloud, that'd be great.
Safra Catz: So let me take that. So the Oracle database remains very strong and what's good about the Oracle database is you can also bring your own license to the cloud. So it's both on-premise and in the cloud can be used there. And it remains very, very strong. The installed base of the Oracle database continues to grow. And that is of course our central piece. Now, in addition, Java on-premise continues to do very well as more and more companies continue to invest in Java and trust Java for their own applications. And in addition, our vertical applications, some of our industry applications still require on-premise license for the customers’ use. We also have cloud services in many of these verticals, but especially in telecommunications, as many of the communications companies move to 5G, we are a very central part of their transition to 5G and need our license in those areas. So database tops, doing incredibly well, Java doing very, very well and our vertical applications. And then pretty much everything else of course as you know is offered just in the cloud.
Phil Winslow: Perfect. Thank you very much for the color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brad Zelnick with Crédit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thank you so much for taking the question. And congrats as well on a great quarter. Larry, it's so great to hear every single one of those SAP wins, especially since investors think of SAP's customer relationships as being so deep. So clearly by displacing them in so many accounts, it speaks volumes to the quality of your product and trust that these companies place with Oracle. So, my question is this, why now, and why from a product perspective, you mentioned Gartner's take, but since Oracle has always competed on having better products, what have you been doing product wise that's enabled you to pull ahead of them like this and what do you need to continue to do product wise to remain ahead?
Larry Ellison: So well we started 10 years ago to build fusion financials for the cloud to rewrite all – PeopleSoft ERP, JD Edwards ERP, and of course, Oracle E-Business Suite, we had these three separate on-premise ERP systems, and we decided a decade ago to rewrite all of that with the cloud. And SAP unbelievably, they just, I mean – and we did a very good job. We started a decade ago and we did, I think, a very good job redoing a big job, to say the least, redoing our ERP products for the cloud. That said, SAP chose not to rewrite their ERP products. Instead, they made a bunch of acquisitions. They bought Concur, they bought Ariba, they bought SuccessFactors, but they never – and we made some acquisitions also by the way, [indiscernible] and others right now at other things. But we rewrote everything for the cloud. SAP instead, embedded their own database called HANA and focused on this new database and never really rewrote their ERP code for the cloud. I mean, it's just an unbelievable error. They worked on a new database and the, the thing we're competing with at so-called S/4HANA in the cloud, is what the SAP calls it, is not a cloud product at all. It is the 35-year-old ABAP, this is written in a programming language called ABAP. Oracle Fusion is written entirely in Java. And it's been entirely rewritten overload over the last decade. SAP stuff is literally 30 years old. The same that they've always had, that they now will host for you. So I would say we did a competent job rewriting for the cloud, SAP just entirely missed the boat.  So SAP really is more responsible for our leadership position than we are. Again, they never rewrote their application for the cloud. It's unbelievable what's happened. And their customers are noticing. We offer a new release of our ERP system every 90 days. We offer new features and functions. That's how the cloud works. You are on the cloud, you get new features and functions, you are on this 90-day cadence. We give you more features and more capabilities every 90 days. SAP has nothing like that. It's not a cloud system. It's simply is okay, you can get the SAP S/4HANA and you can get it hosted by somebody, but they don't even have a cloud. They never built a cloud. That's what happened.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you, Larry.
Larry Ellison: It’s amazing.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for the next 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. And we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. With that, I will turn the call back to Erica for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle's third quarter of 2021 earnings conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-12-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's second quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Now I'd like to turn today's call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Erica, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of customers mentioned on this conference call as well as many others which have purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will also be available from the Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect those forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-Q and 10-K and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. We'll begin with a few prepared remarks, and then we'll take your questions. However, I want to remind everybody we will not be making any comments regarding TikTok. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Safra. Safra?
Lawrence Ellison: Hello. I can't hear anything.
Ken Bond: Safra, are you on mute?
Safra Catz: Yes, I'm here. Sorry. Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. As you can see, we had another excellent quarter. As usual, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates, unless I say otherwise. I first want to highlight that since our own migration to Fusion ERP, we've continued to close our books faster and faster. This quarter, we are reporting our results for our entire global operations 10 days after the end of the fiscal quarter. In fact, using Fusion ERP, we submitted our 10-K and 10-Q filings faster than any other company in the S&P 500, in fact, 21 days faster than the average. Understanding our business performance sooner is an advantage that we enjoy by using Fusion ERP, and it's one our Fusion customers are rapidly beginning to appreciate. On to the quarter. So this quarter, revenue was $40 million above the midpoint of guidance, and EPS beat the high end of guidance by $0.04. The impact of currency movement was in line with guidance, meaning that our outperformance reflects both continuing execution on the sales side and disciplined management of our operations. Operating income grew 12%, our best result in 8 years. Our total cloud services and license support revenues for the quarter were $7.1 billion, up 4% from last year. Over the last 4 years, we have doubled the percentage of revenue that is being derived from our cloud services. That is what's driving our recurring revenue as a percentage of total revenue higher and higher, now reaching 73% of total company revenue. We anticipate this trend to continue as cloud services continue to grow. GAAP application subscription revenues were $2.9 billion, up 5%, with strategic back-office applications up 26%, including Fusion ERP which was up 33%; NetSuite ERP up 20%, and Fusion HCM up 24%. Also retention rates for strategic back-office cloud applications, which are already high, continued to go even higher. GAAP infrastructure subscription revenues were $4.2 billion, up 3% with database subscription revenue up 5%. Consumption revenue was up 64% for Autonomous Database and up 139% for OCI, our cloud Gen 2. License revenues were $1.1 billion, down 5%. So, all in, total revenues for the quarter were $9.8 billion, up 2% in USD, and up 1% in constant currency. As usual, we've continued to be disciplined in our spending with operating expenses down 7% this quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.6 billion, up 12% from last year. Obviously, we're delighted with this result as we're continuing to see operating income become a bigger part of our EPS growth. I continue to have a very high level of confidence that our revenue growth will accelerate as our cloud business continues to become a much bigger portion of total revenue. The operating margin percentage was 47%, up more than 450 basis points from 42% last year, and as I said, our best result since 2012. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 18.7%, slightly below our base tax rate of 20% as a result of some discrete items. EPS was $1.06 in USD, up 19% and up 17% in constant currency despite interest income being $120 million lower than last year [ph] and interest expense being $135 million higher than last year. The GAAP tax rate was 17.8% as a result of some discrete items, and GAAP EPS was $0.80 in USD, up 16% and up 13% in constant currency. Operating cash flow over the last 4 quarters was $14 billion with capital expenditures of $1.8 billion and free cash flow in excess of $12.1 billion over the same period. Q2 operating cash flow was $1.4 billion compared to $0.5 billion last year, with collections especially strong this quarter from a bigger book of business and to a lesser extent delayed payments received from customers affected by the pandemic. We now have nearly $39 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance is unchanged at $8.1 billion. However, the short-term gross deferred revenue grew 6% in U.S. dollars. The difference between the two growth rates is due entirely to timing differences in customer payments. As we've said before, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt, and the dividend. This quarter, we repurchased more than 68 million shares for a total of $4 billion. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased 338 million shares for a total of $18.2 billion. Over the last 10 years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by nearly 42%. In addition, we've paid out dividends of nearly $3 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24. Now to the guidance. Again, my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. Assuming the current exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have a 1% positive impact on total revenue, maybe even a little bit more like 1.5-ish, and potentially a $0.03 positive effect on EPS for Q3. Total revenues are expected to grow from 1% to 3% in constant currency and are expected to grow between 2% to 4% in USD. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow 10% to 14% and be between $1.06 and $1.10 in constant currency, and non-GAAP EPS in USD is expected to grow between 13% and 17% and be between $1.09 and $1.13 in USD. My EPS guidance for Q3 assumes our base tax rate of 20%, but however, as you can see, one-time tax events could cause actual rates for any given quarter to vary. But I expect that in normalizing for these one-time tax events, our tax rate will average this year at 20% or so. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. We just completed a great quarter, but the quarter would have been even better if we would have had more -- and we would have had more revenue growth if we had not been capacity constrained in OCI during Q2. There was more demand than we had supply. To remedy this capacity shortfall, we are adding OCI capacity and building new OCI datacenters as fast as we can. We are now up to 29 regional data centers around the world, more than AWS. OCI added customers and grew revenue at a rate well in excess of 100% year-over-year in Q2. The Oracle Autonomous Database was up over 50%. We also introduced several new OCI managed services during the quarter. The most interesting of these new OCI managed services is for the popular open source database, MySQL, featuring an all-new, Oracle-developed, massively parallel query accelerator called Heat Wave. MySQL plus Heat Wave processes queries hundreds of times faster, hundreds of times faster than the current version of MySQL by itself and other MySQL-compatible databases, such as Amazon's Aurora. MySQL plus Heat Wave is so much faster, so much easier to use and less expensive than PostgreS, Redshift, Snowflake or any other database available on Amazon AWS. The amazing thing about Heat Wave is that you don't have to move your data out of MySQL and build a separate data warehouse to get the huge performance gains. You simply take any existing MySQL or Aurora database, run that exact same database on the new MySQL version that includes Heat Wave , and immediately, your queries run hundreds of times faster. You don't have to change a single line of code. It can't get any easier to use than that. Now I'd like to change subject and talk about our multibillion-dollar application businesses in the cloud. Fusion EPS -- Fusion ERP grew 33% in Q2 to over 7,500 customers. NetSuite grew 21% to over 24,000 customers. We have the top-rated ERP products on both Gartner and IDC. There is no large-scale enterprise application business in the cloud that's growing as fast as we are. In the coming months, our cloud ERP market leadership will become even more obvious when we announce that several major large-scale SAP ERP customers are leaving SAP and moving to our Fusion ERP cloud. Oracle is the clear market leader in cloud ERP. Finally, I'd like to talk about our all-new, cloud-based national electronic health record system and health management application suite that Oracle built in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This system has already been used to register more than 0.5 million people for clinical trials run in the United States for COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics, such as monoclonal antibodies. Last month, in partnership with the Tony Blair Institute, we used this same exact national electronic health record system to manage the distribution of yellow fever vaccine in Africa. 7,000 people in Ghana were vaccinated during the first week of the program. We're very proud of that. We are currently in discussions with dozens of countries around the world to adopt Oracle's new national electronic health record system to modernize their national public health infrastructure, thus enabling efficient COVID-19 vaccine management therapeutic monitoring and diagnostic testing. Normally, at this point, I'd begin to read a list of notable new customers that we acquired during the quarter. But our new more efficient track will be to provide you with a list of those customers attached to our detailed financial quarterly numbers. So immersively, you will be able to read the list for yourself and no longer will you have to endure me reading it to you. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Ken.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Erica, if we could queue up, I'll start off the Q&A. And just a reminder no questions on TikTok. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Safra, I wanted to go back to your comments from June. On your Q4 call, when you talked about what was going on under the hood of your constant currency revenue growth, and you mentioned that the growing businesses were growing at a 30% CAGR, the declining businesses at about a double-digit decline and the stable ones were up 1% to 2%. I'm just wondering taking a look today and kind of how you're thinking about the future, how is the pandemic changing these growth rates, if at all, especially as OCI and things like Cloud Customer become even bigger areas of focus for customers?
Safra Catz: So, the pandemic affects us, in some ways, negatively; in some ways, positively, simply because of our size and the breadth of our customer base, it affects them differently. And so obviously, our hospitality customers have had a very difficult time of it in the main. Some of our retail customers have done horribly, some have done very, very well. What has become very clear to our customers is that those that are digitally forward and that can work also under -- with a lot of automation using a digital tool, using our technology, using the cloud, they are faring far, far better. And as a result, we see change occurring, and you can see it in our ERP SaaS numbers, in our HCM numbers, NetSuite numbers, you can just see that those numbers continue to do very, very well. And then, of course, our Gen 2 cloud, whether it's compute where many of our customers are using way more than they expected to, and as Larry said, just blowing out our internal forecast such that we will need a few more weeks to really catch up with our demand while we're also expanding globally simultaneously. So, we actually believe that this remains very consistent. Obviously, there was uncertainty before because of the pandemic. At this point, I think it's very clear that our business is accelerating, our stable businesses remain stable, and our shrinking businesses whether it's nonstrategic hardware or other things, those continue to get smaller. But generally, the overall revenue number will be showing acceleration even in this pandemic, and I almost feel badly saying, maybe it helped ultimately because many of our customers have realized the importance of using technology to deal with their customers, their employees, and their suppliers.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. And happy holidays to you and your families.
Safra Catz: Thank you. You too, Heather.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Crédit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Congrats on a good quarter and strong guidance. Larry, I've got maybe a bigger question -- a bigger picture question for you. I know you appreciate there are generational aspects to IT where, most often, the winner in the last generation isn't the winner in the next. But under your leadership and vision and Safra's operational discipline, Oracle has been an industry leader for over 4 decades by thinking strategically about the future. And today, we hear amazing feedback on Oracle's latest innovations, the actual underlying technology like OCI and Autonomous. And by that alone, it would seem the future is bright for Oracle, but we've also seen in the past that the best technology doesn't always win. What gives you confidence that Oracle can remain successful and appeal to younger generation, many who think cloud-first and want to move really, really fast?
Lawrence Ellison: All right. Well, let me start in two areas. I've always said there are 2 key aspects of Oracle's future, one is the Autonomous Database, which is a cloud-only product. It works at Cloud and Cloud at Customer. So, it is certainly cloud first. It is the only database that really does both transaction processing and query processing. So, query processing, we’re much faster than Snowflake, the market's current darling. And in transaction processing, we're much faster than anybody. So, we have a single unified database that is fully autonomous. It never goes down. It patches itself. Nobody else is making claims anything like that. So, we have a vast leadership in -- plus we have, by far, the largest installed base. And our database business continues to grow. Some of our other businesses, our middleware businesses have declined, but our database business continued to grow throughout the move to the cloud. So, we're very confident we're going to hold on to our database franchise. We're convinced that -- I mean, they really don't have any strong competition. One of -- and you can see there's not a lot of strong competition from Amazon because what's going on with Snow -- if you're curious what's happening with Snowflake, Snowflake is a decent product, it’s a good product, I think. And it's just killing Redshift over at Amazon. So, it's doing extremely well, but it doesn't remotely compare to Oracle's Autonomous Database. It doesn't do transactions at all. And in fact, query processing is not even close to assess as the Oracle database. So we're -- but it's much better than what Amazon has. And when it's competing inside of AWS, it does very well. It will kill Redshift. Redshift is not very good. So, we think we have a huge lead in database, and that no one's trying to do what we're doing. I mean none of the stuff patches itself. None of the stuff never goes down. That's true. The -- okay, that's holding on to our database franchise. The next thing is ERP. SAP forgot to move their ERP system to the cloud. They just built -- they decided instead to go compete with Oracle with HANA. They don't have a cloud product. We have -- if you look at Gartner and SAP, SAP asked to be moved off the Gartner list because SAP was in the lower left-hand corner. They're not even considered a cloud system by Gartner, SAP for ERP. So, we are -- we have dominant -- we have over 30,000 customers in the cloud, running our Cloud ERP systems. Who's second? Workday with a few hundred? I mean it's not close. And that's the largest applications business. That's the largest applications business on premise, and it will be the largest applications business in the cloud, and we're the overwhelming technology and market leader. So, I think those 2 lynchpins, the Autonomous Database and the Oracle ERP in the cloud secure our future. Now add to that, OCI, which is new for us, we've never been a platform company. We -- Linux is a platform. In the old on-premise days, Linux was a platform, Windows was the most famous platform. There was HP-UX and IBM Metazone offering. So there were a lot of platforms. We weren't ever in that business. We were portable and ran on lots of different platforms. Now we have our own platform for the first time. And our platform is competing very well against AWS and Microsoft, and we think we have way better technology on our platform than the other guys. And we're winning lots and lots of customers to our platform. That's an all-new initiative for us to go into the platform business. So again, we're moving from #2 to #1 in cloud applications. Again, we have the fastest-growing, cloud -- large-scale cloud applications business on the planet. Who has a multibillion-dollar cloud business that's growing at 33%? I mean maybe there's somebody, I don't know who it is. Who has anything like autonomous database technology? And who has a cloud platform that's being picked by some of the most sophisticated technology companies on earth over AWS and Microsoft? So I guess those are the 3 pieces: OCI, Autonomous Database and Fusion ERP in the cloud that gives me confidence that we're going to get our fair share of the new generation of cloud applications and infrastructure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: Congrats on the quarter. Larry, following up on the last questions, if you don't mind. Given that the world is going to start to vaccinate and we would expect that IT focus could be more on on-premise in the cloud and work from home, I'd like to get a better understanding of what you're seeing and what you're expecting to Autonomous Database running in the cloud and Cloud at Customer, when do you think we see that big inflection we've been hoping for that could drive revenue acceleration?
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. So again, the interesting thing about Cloud at Customer, the change in our business model. So you've got to remember, when we sign a huge Cloud at Customer deal and we deliver a bunch of Exadata to a customer, we recognized, let's see, how much revenue, nothing, versus selling a bunch of Exadata. So what's happened -- remember, we're going from selling Exadata machine to delivering them for free and then charging, if you will, rental or usage on the machines as we go from selling hardware to selling Exadata Cloud at Customer. So our accounting model, you say, well, wow, Oracle's revenue is flat. Well, flat, maybe not so bad, actually it's growing somewhat. But keep in mind, where we used to get paid for Exadata machines right away, we now deliver them at Cloud at Customer, and we have to wait to get those monthly revenues over a 4-year period. So what you're seeing is this change in model, and Cloud at Customer is already doing pretty well. It's just there's a huge lag. There's histories. From the time -- there's a lag from the time we start selling a bunch of these things until all the revenue starts coming in. So that's what's going on right now where it's already a very successful product. We're selling a lot of them. Our sales are accelerating, but there's this time lag between sales and the revenue, very different than selling a database license or selling an Exadata machine. As we move to the new model, it's a more profitable model long term, but it doesn't have the instantaneous impact. So there's this time lag. And that's what you're seeing.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Turits with Keybanc.
Michael Turits: Congrats on the quarter. Larry, you talked a lot about ERP, and that's been a lot of where the messaging has been around Fusion apps. But this has been a really strong year even during COVID, around front office. Can you talk a little bit about your CX business and whether or not you could see acceleration there and particularly how some of your AI capabilities are playing into that, if they are?
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. Well, they are actually because we're making -- actually, I've been directly involved with a major push in CX. And we've come out with several new CX products, one of which is our product and references system where we have a product references database that we sell, and we have an AI engine that sits on top of it. And what it does, it tells -- it interfaces to our sales automation system. And it tells customers or it tells salespeople what product they should be selling this particular customer next. It's got a recommendations engine. And it will tell -- it will also tell the salesperson what are the best references when you're selling customer A Fusion ERP. And then it will actually -- go out and find those references and prepare a micro -- a website, a micro site for that prospect to go to. So we are enhancing our sales automation which, heretofore, sales automation really has not been about automating sales. Sales automation, which was pioneered by salesforce.com, sales automation is all about opportunity management and forecasting. Our new sales automation is all about giving salespeople tools, enabling them to sell more. It automatically generates proposals. It automatically generates reference list. It automatically generates micro sites. It automatically generates recommendations of what the salesperson should be selling to this customer next, what module. So these are the kind of products, what we call automated lead generation and qualification built into the selling system, the product reference system. We also have another new product that's coming out in CX, which we think is very important, which is the ability to launch an advertising campaign from a computer console without going through ad agencies. It's funny, this disintermediates the ad business, so that you can, again, target -- let's say, we're selling Fusion ERP to an oil company, a large oil company, and we want to advertise to people in that oil company, the decision makers, the CEO, the CFO, people in accounting, all of that, we can then launch an ad campaign targeting those people and with references for Fusion ERP. So rather than when they log on to look at Google News, rather than them seeing ads for Nike shoes where they were recently browsing the website, they're going to see ads for Oracle Fusion ERP. So we have an ad system. So we're doing a bunch of that -- by the way, no one is doing this but us. We're the only one that's doing this ability to target people and launch ads from a console. We're the only ones that -- I mean people do it on the consumer side but not on the B2B side. We're doing that on the B2B side. We're the only ones that are using the recommendation engine the way that we are not only to recommend what to sell next but who the best references are and actually preparing the micro site for the prospects to examine those references. So I think the CX is a huge opportunity for us. The fact that we have CX linked to our ERP, we have front office linked to our ERP, linked to our HCM system, it's a huge advantage that we have front office, we have HCM, we have back office, we link it all together. It's much more valuable when you have all the front office and back-office data in a single database. It allows you to do the kind of innovative things we're doing in the front office. So again, that's -- you're going to see a major improvement in our portfolio in the front office over the coming months.
Operator: Our final question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Congrats from me as well. You guys have been very good and disciplined. So you wouldn't kind of build data centers just for the sake of building data center. So if I look at the momentum here, like 14 new this year, at 29 now, going up to 38 in a few months. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing there? What's kind of driving that momentum because that's super impressive.
Safra Catz: Larry, do you want to take it?
Lawrence Ellison: Safra, do you want to...
Safra Catz: Well, let me -- you go ahead, Larry. Go ahead.
Lawrence Ellison: All right. We're just seeing demand for our products all over the world. Our data -- we're going to 1 data center, an OCI data center, that runs not only all of our technology, like Autonomous Database and our high-performance computing, all of that stuff, but it runs all of our applications as well. So we're seeing demand for these products all over the world, and we are going into more countries. We've decided -- our strategy is, because we have a large existing business, we have a large existing installed base, we believe we just have to get into more countries than someone -- than Amazon, let's say, because we have to serve those countries where we have a large installed base, like Indonesia, let's say, which is a very big country, but a lot of people don't have data centers in Indonesia. Israel, I mean, it's very important to get a good data center in Israel. Some of the cloud companies has been late to get there. We think that's a very important marketplace. So we think we have been building as fast as we can, but we've been trying not to build ahead of demand. And we were doing a pretty good job actually until this last quarter where demand was actually turned out to exceed our ambitions, where our plan for growth, though it's a very ambitious plan, still on the demand side, we have some large customers that just wanted more capacity than we could supply. And that bit us in Q2. Hopefully, it will be -- as Safra said, we're probably a month or two away from correcting that and getting ahead of that curve. But we just see right now there's more demand than we can supply. So we're going -- as I said, what are we doing? We're going as fast as we possibly can.
Safra Catz: Yes. Let me just add a couple of things. One is we have upped our capital spending plans because the demand is so strong that we've increased it by probably this next quarter, probably be 50% higher than this last one just to keep everything going and growing. I also want to point out that some of our customers do not want to go into a big public data center but for different reasons, regulatory reasons or others, one have Cloud at Customer, and that's very important that we are able to offer that. And in addition, some of them have extremely a large requirement and are basically a private region. Those aren't in the numbers you were mentioning as far as data center build-outs, but that's another area where we are expanding and consumption is increasing at very, very large rate. So we're very busy here just keeping up with demand.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Safra. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call, and we look forward to speaking with you. Appreciate you joining us today. With that, I'll turn the call back to Erica for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-09-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I'd like to turn today's call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Erica. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's first quarter fiscal year 2021 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of customers being mentioned on this conference call, which have purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud this quarter, will also be available from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks Ken and good afternoon, everyone. Before I start, I want to make sure you understand that we will be making no comments regarding the press reports about TikTok, so there's no need to ask. So, now to Oracle's results, as you can see, we had a great quarter. As usual, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates unless I state otherwise. This quarter revenue was more than 150 million above the midpoint of guidance and EPS was [$0.70] above the mid. Currency helps a little, but this quarter was all about solid execution on the sales side, and disciplined management of our operations as operating income grew 8%, our best result in three years. As I've said previously, and only briefly interrupted by COVID-19, our mix of business is increasingly favorable. What that means is that our growing businesses are growing faster and are now larger than our declining businesses. Our fusion fast momentum is very strong. We're seeing the success of autonomous database, which will continue to get even better now that we have autonomous database available on Cloud@Customer. Our total Cloud services and license support revenues for the quarter were 6.9 billion, up 2% from last year and accounted for 74% of total company revenue. GAAP application subscription revenues were 2.8 billion, up 4%, but our Fusion app were up 26% with Fusion ERP up 33% and NetSuite ERP up 23%. Fusion HCM was up 22%. On our Fusion retention rates, which are already high continue to go up. GAAP infrastructure subscription revenues were 4.1 billion, up to 1%, but with database revenue up 3%. Autonomous database consumption revenue was up 64% and annualized consumption revenue for OCI was up 130%. Licensed revenues were 886 million, up 8%. So, all-in total revenues for the quarter were 9.4 billion, up 2%. As usual, we have continued to be disciplined in our spending with operating expenses actually down 3% this quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was 4.2 billion and as I said, up 8% from last year and our best operating income growth in three years. Obviously, we're thrilled with this result, and I expect that Q2 will be good as we're beginning to see our operating income become a bigger part of our EPS growth. Operating margin was 45%, up nearly 300 basis points from 42% last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.1, slightly below our base tax rate of 20% as a result of some discrete items, and EPS was $0.93 in U.S. dollars, up 16% in U.S. dollars, 14% in constant currency, and that is despite an interest expense being $120 million higher year-over-year for the quarter. The GAAP tax rate was 13.3%; also a result of some discrete items and GAAP EPS was $0.72 in U.S. dollars, up 16%, and up 15% in constant currency. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was 13.1 billion, with capital expenditures of 1.6 billion and free cash flow of 11.5 billion over that same period. We now have more than $42 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance is 9.9 billion, down 4% in constant currency from a year ago, due entirely to timing differences in customer payments. Gross deferred revenue was in fact up in constant currency, and it was a 2%. As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisition, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt, and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased nearly 90 million shares for a total of 5 billion. Over the last 12 months, we've repurchased 361 million shares for a total of 19.2 billion. Over the last 10 years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by 40%. In addition, we've paid out dividends of $3 billion over the last 12 months, and the board of directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24. Now, to the guidance. Again, my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. Now, currency though is extremely volatile, as you can see in what happened in this quarter, but assuming current exchange rates remain the same as they are now. Currency should have a slightly less than 1% positive impact on total revenue and potentially $0.02 positive income effects on EPS for Q2. So, with that, total revenues are expected to grow between 1% to 3% in U.S. dollars and this because we will have slightly under 1% tailwind, so, in constant currency that kind of rounds into 0% to 2%, probably at the higher side. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow 8% to 12% between $0.96 and $1 in constant currency, but again that's assuming a $0.02 tailwind. So, non-GAAP EPS in USD is expected to grow 10% to 14% and to be between $0.98 cents and $1.02 in U.S. dollars. Now, my EPS guidance for Q2 assumes our base tax rate of 20%. However, as you see, it's usually a little below it, sometimes it's a little above it. However, one-time tax events could cause the actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary, but I expect to [normalizing] for these things, it'll average to 20%. So that's what I targeted in this guidance. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thanks, Safra. Let's say, Oracle occupies a unique position in the Cloud markets. Oracle is the only Cloud vendor that competes in both the enterprise applications market SaaS, and the infrastructure as a service market IS, our competitors in SaaS are people like Salesforce and Workday. Our competitors in IaaS are people like Microsoft and Amazon. They're different markets. We're the only one that spans these two markets. It's a very interesting dynamic. I believe we have the best technology in the market today at both the applications layer and the infrastructure layer of the Cloud. Well, analysts have ranked Oracle Cloud applications number one in both market share and customer satisfaction for some time. We're number one in customer satisfaction in HCM. We're number one in customer satisfaction in ERP, I can go on, but what's interesting is that those same analysts are beginning to take notice of the technical quality and customer satisfaction associated with Oracle's Cloud infrastructure as a service business. I'd like to read an approved statement from IDC about their recently published survey. In the 2020, Industry CloudPath survey that IDC recently released where it surveyed 935 IaaS customers on their satisfaction with top IaaS vendors including Oracle, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft, IBM, and Google. Oracle IaaS, OCI received the highest satisfaction score and the biggest year-over-year score increase of all IaaS vendors. In addition, 86% of those surveyed said, they expect their spend on Oracle IaaS and OCI to increase in the future. I suspect this comes as a big surprise to many of you, and many of our competitors. Just as Zoom picking Oracle Infrastructure surprised a lot of people in the recent past. I know the biggest question for investors has been, can Oracle preserve its huge market leading database franchise into this new Cloud era? Well, interesting question. Obviously an extremely important question to me and everyone here at Oracle, but if Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, OCI is in fact as IDC describes the best IaaS platform in the market, the IaaS platform with the highest customer satisfaction. And that same IaaS, OCI is the foundation for the world's only autonomous database. Where do you think the Oracle Database installed base is going to go? What we're beginning to see is that it's just starting to migrate. And it's migrating to both the Oracle public cloud the only place you could get the autonomous database and Oracle Cloud@Customer, excuse me, the only other place you can get the Oracle Autonomous Database, and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, all together. Customers are picking Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and the Oracle Autonomous Database for a few very basic and very obvious reason; much better security, much better reliability, much better performance, and dramatically lower cost, much, much lower cost than AWS. And that's why people are and I'll talk about the people like 8x8 are another video conferencing system are moving entirely from AWS onto the Oracle Cloud. In fact, there is not a major video conferencing company that isn't talking to Oracle that moving to the Oracle Cloud. Zoom is a perfect example of why customers are choosing Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. We see the benefits of choosing OCI and Zoom’s results. Zoom’s recent earnings were stunning. Zoom may be the fastest company ever to have their company named become a verb. At Oracle, we love the Zoom, as most of our employees continue to work from home. And we love that Zoom’s usage of Oracle Cloud Infrastructure services delivered triple digit revenue growth in sequential quarters from Q4 last year to Q1 this year. OCI Cloud data centers are opening all over the world at a record pace. We now have 26 OCI regions live around the world, edging out Amazon AWS, which currently has 24 regions, and will be adding at least another 10 regions in the next nine months. We're not slowing down. We're speeding up. Oracle’s Database Cloud@Customer is functionally identical to the Oracle Database in the public cloud. That's why we're seeing the migrations going both places. They're going to Database Cloud@Customer, which is unique Oracle offering and they're going directly into our public cloud. So, the price is the same in both cases. The database is fully serverless and elastic in both cases. You only pay for what you use in both cases, and there are no upfront fees in both cases. We're seeing very rapid adoption of Oracle Database Cloud@Customer among our very largest customers, and this is just the beginning. In 2018, we delivered the world's first autonomous database, and the Oracle Autonomous Database is still the world's only autonomous database. When in 2019, we introduced the world's first autonomous operating system. And today Oracle economists Linux is still the world's only autonomous operating system. Now in 2020, we've introduced Oracle Autonomous Data Guard, which effectively eliminates [site downtime]. If the data center running your application goes down for any reason, Autonomous Data Guard immediately switches and automatically switches that application over to another data center. No human intervention is required to keep your application running without interruption, and no human labor is required to set up and configure an Autonomous Data Guard. To use Autonomous Data Guard, there's nothing to learn and nothing to do, you just have to turn on a single switch. Only Oracle offers this economist reliability feature. Another unique OCI offering is our dedicated region Gen 2 Cloud@Customer. Customers can now put our entire Gen 2 public cloud behind their firewall, in their data center, all of it. It's not just the Oracle Database behind your firewall. It's every service that's in our public cloud, compute storage fusion application, plus the economist database, the Autonomous Linux, Autonomous Data Guard, everything, and we manage it, and maintain it for the customer. You get all the benefits of the cloud, but it's in your data center behind your firewall. No one, not Amazon, not Microsoft, not Google, nobody, but Oracle can give customers a complete public cloud in their data center behind their firewall. Our strategic services are growing rapidly. Autonomous Database revenue grew 64%, an annualized consumption. Our Gen 2 OCI consumption rate was 130%. We're clearly growing faster than the market. And we're taking market share in the process. With that, I'll turn it back over to Ken.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Erica, if you could please queue up the audience for questions. We'll go to Q&A now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you, and congratulations on the strong quarter and especially on license and margins. I'd like to ask about the guidance. Well, Q1 was strong while the economic destruction of COVID-19 is not yet over and get you guiding would look strongly, can you give us some more color on why you feel so confident? And specifically are you modeling to increase strength in database, SaaS ERP HCM, how big a factor is Gen 2 Cloud in the guidance? And the information would be appreciated. Thanks.
Safra Catz: Sure. Thanks for the question. So, it's really following the path that we were on before COVID really hit in March. And so, we were – what is going on is very basically an extrapolation of what's happening in the business. So, the things that are going very well and are growing and are getting larger and larger is everything associated with the Cloud. And that so does have implications on license because options grew not only, database options grew not only double digits, but actually 20% something. And analytics also grew because, as you know, with Oracle licenses, you can bring them to our Cloud. But in addition, Exadata and some of our Oracle specific hardware that's very strategic, you know, continues to do well, but really the [big barn theatres] are, the fact that our SaaS business is large and growing quickly, and now OCI, and our database cloud products and services are growing and they're getting larger and larger.  And so because we've got annual consumption revenue growing over a 100% and this kind of – this is now overwhelms the fact that some of our businesses, I'll give you an example, on-premise consulting. This business continues to get smaller, and so it's completely overwhelmed by the businesses that are growing faster. And commitment to our database is incredibly strong. More and more of our customers want to bring their Oracle databases to the Oracle Cloud. And then of course, you have the cases that Larry's talked about, where our just Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, Gen 2 is just so good, and so much cheaper and so performant and secure that more and more applications want to come to that. So that's really what's going on. I'm not seeing into the future. I'm basically looking at what's going on under the cover and it’s a very easy extrapolation, as our installed bases of our cloud businesses continue to grow.
Mark Moerdler: Excellent. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question please. Thank you, Erica.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Great, thanks so much for taking the question. And I'll echo my congrats to the company as well. I want to ask about Cloud@Customer, clearly there's a lot of excitement for how it can enable very large customers to adopt autonomous database and have all the benefits of OCI behind the firewall, and I appreciate it's only really become available in the last few months, but maybe for Larry, from a product market fit perspective, can you explain why this is such a big deal? And for Safra, are there any leading indicators you can point to maybe backlog or anything else to help us understand the leading demand for these products, which I assume it supports your confidence in the overall business accelerating? Thanks.
Larry Ellison: Yeah. I think I can explain it very clearly. So, we've been working on Oracle Autonomous Database for several years. As I mentioned, in my preamble, we came up with Oracle Autonomous Database in 2018, but if you're an on-premise user, there was no way to get access to the Oracle Autonomous Database until a couple of months ago. So, the Oracle Autonomous Database was available on our public cloud and has been for three years and it keeps getting better and better, but if you're an on a big on-premise customer, you know, you didn't have the late access to our latest and greatest database.  It was a very strange situation for Oracle that our late technology was not available for the vast majority of our customers. All of a sudden, with Cloud@Customer with our Database Cloud@Customer at very low prices you can get Oracle Autonomous Database and all the latest and greatest features we offer in the database. And have it delivered to your data center behind your firewall. And we think that growth here is going to be explosive. We had a version one, and I'll just, you know, full disclosure, we had a version one of this, that was rather difficult to install and difficult to use. And version two is kind of the extreme opposite we learned a lot. And version two is, you know really plug and play, goes in very, very fast. And it's very simple to use incredibly reliable and we're seeing – and we expect this to be one of the great stories this fiscal year. We think this is going to be triple-digit growth or, you know, Oracle Database Cloud@Customer, and the other thing is it's just going to preserve our database franchise. There's two ways; people are going to make the choice to upgrade or – and move from their current version of Oracle to Autonomous Database. And once with Autonomous Database they're not going anywhere.
Ken Bond : Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Thank you so much to the two of you. I just thought Safra, OCI had a great quarter, and obviously, it had really impressive growth with customers like Zoom that you've highlighted, and can you talk to us a little bit about the pipeline momentum you're seeing with OCI as customers accelerate their migrations to the Cloud? And also, can you share with us what type of workloads and applications are seeing the most traction with it or is it really broad based? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Okay, let me start, but I know Larry is going to want to say few things about this. So first of all, you have to understand that our Fusion customers are also on OCI, which means that all of the applications that they want to build themselves all custom things, they're on the Oracle database. They’re going to be putting them on OCI also. In addition, just realize that many of our database customers stayed on-premise and waited for us to have OCI Gen 2, which is powerful enough, secure enough, and capable enough for their crown jewels, and they've literally waited. And I know, and I have visibility into sort of the future because often they want to do what we call BYOL, Bring Your Own license, but they often need options. And so I can see their intentions when they're buying those options to bring those database workloads. Now, it is falling into the same categories that you've seen historically with us. The communication industry, the financial services industry, all of the industries that have very important high performance applications that run on Oracle they've been waiting to put them at OCI. And so we see that. Now some of them are putting it in the public Cloud, many of them, actually many more than I would have expected, and then others are doing Cloud@Customer. And this second generation of Cloud@Customers now with Autonomous Database is just so powerful for our customers. So, we're talking about app customers, database customers, custom applications, and then there are applications that otherwise just run as some of the competing Cloud services that when they do just like Zoom did, [but] 8X8, a whole bunch of others that really use a lot of network a lot of compute. May use a lot of storage, may have a lot of egress, you know, back and forth taking data in and out, they realize that Oracle is both more performance, and since you pay by the minute, the day, the hour, it's much, much cheaper. So we compete at every level of the stack. And it's really very, very, very broad based for us. I don't know, Larry, if you want to talk about – add some more to that.
Larry Ellison: Yeah, I’ll add a little bit of color. When Safra says our customers waiting for us, let me add a little more information. A lot of those customers actually tried to run Oracle at AWS. That’s right. It just didn't work very well. So, they’ve decided, maybe they should wait, and so they did. So, they did try. They looked around. They experimented, but the vast, vast, vast majority didn't work very well. We have an Exadata Cloud Service, we have, you know, autonomous database is not available anyplace, but the Oracle Cloud Exadata database service isn't available anyplace to the Oracle Cloud. We're much better – you'd expect us to be much better at running Oracle Applications than anybody else than we are, and a significant percentage of enterprise applications. You know, I don't know 40%, 30%, 40% are Oracle Applications. So, that's just a gigantic installed base that we think it's going to be moving to the Oracle. We're starting to watch it move to the Oracle Cloud. So that's one thing. So they tried, didn't work. So, they're coming to us. Next thing. A lot of our application customers, you know, we got well over 7,000 customers – Fusion application customer, 7,000 Fusion ERP customers. Now those customers are beginning to build data warehouses around their ERP data, everyone does. And they're building those data warehouses using Autonomous Database and Oracle Analytics and the Oracle Cloud using Oracle Infrastructure Services. As I said, the Oracle Analytic Cloud is an Oracle Infrastructure Service, is an OCI service. The Autonomous Database in OCI service. So, our application customers pretty much all of our medium and large application customers will become in the not too distant future, will become infrastructure customers, a lot again, and you've got to add them onto. So, these are people that our SAS customers are going to become infrastructure customers. On premise database customers are going to become infrastructure customers, either in the form of Cloud@Customer or Public Cloud. Then there are surprises like Zoom, you know, and 8x8, but there are more surprises like that. I think Zoom is a great example because it proves that the Oracle Cloud is secure, reliable, high performance, and economical. They pick – because it has nothing to do with the Oracle Database. It has nothing to do with them doing a SaaS customer that was just purely an evaluation of our Cloud versus Microsoft's versus Google's versus Amazon. And another example of that is high performance computing. Car companies simulating crashes. Now, why would anyone go to the Oracle Cloud to do high performance computing when you can go to Google, or you can go to Microsoft or you can go to AWS? Well, because we're much faster, therefore much of it – we’re much, much faster and therefore they get the simulations on faster, but they got to be willing to pay less. Yeah, almost every car company, well, maybe that's too strong. Half the car companies around the world are now either using our high performance computing or evaluating our high performance computing because we benchmarked so well, against the competition. And this is all new business, like the video conferencing business. So, the OCI team did a spectacular job of building, you know, a second generation learning from what Microsoft did? What Google did? What Amazon did? And then building the next generation, and it's so good, we're winning business everywhere. So, and again, and these are very early days. Gen 2 OCI is relatively new. And, Gen 2 Cloud@Customer is even newer. And these are both fabulous products that I think are going to do extremely well over the next few years.
Heather Bellini : Thank you very much.
Ken Bond: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, congrats from me as well. Originally, I wanted to ask about the Enterprise Edition of TikTok, but you said, I shouldn't ask about TikTok, so different question, though. The – would you maybe discuss, like we talked about the strength in Cloud, but the other thing that stood out this quarter was how much better you did compared to your peers on the license side. You know, you were up where everyone kind of was down quite significantly, and you touched on some of the drivers, but maybe you could double a click on some of that again, because that stands really out as something that we haven't seen in the industry. Thank you. 
Larry Ellison : I'd like to comment on that, because I think our licensed business is really misunderstood. People think are license – they see licensed business, and they translate in their brain license means on-premise. That is not true for us. It may be true for everybody else, by the way, probably is true for everybody else, but it's not true for us. We have this thing called bring your own license to the cloud. We encourage our customers to buy licenses, buy more licenses and our pitch is, you can run those licenses in your data center on-premise or you can bring those licenses to the Cloud and get big discounts running database in the Cloud. So, you cannot look at our growth and our database license business and say that's the old – revival of the old on-premise business. That is not correct. A lot of these people we have, when we see [indiscernible] and these big these big contracts for database. The reason people are buying more licenses, a lot of them not all of them, but a lot – majority of them is because they have the flexibility of bringing those licenses to our public Cloud to Cloud@Customer and getting big discounts. Getting, you know getting a benefit. Getting better prices by doing that. And a lot of people are doing this. So, again, don't translate license to mean not Cloud. A lot of the license is in fact, Cloud, as well as [on premise].
Safra Catz: Right. It’s driven. In fact, it's driven by their plan to move to the Cloud. And that is very, very clear because they're buying the specific option, which as I said, the options number, very high percentage growth this quarter, because it's really in preparation for their move to the Cloud. But I will also tell you that is available also in analytics and in some of the other some of the other techniques, you know technology licenses. So, analytics is very strong. The database options is extremely strong, very much pointing in the direction of moving to the cloud. So that's really what is driving it. It's not – it's generally not going to be staying on-premise. Some of course, stays on-premise and some will stay on-premise indefinitely, but many companies will be either hybrid, or will be Cloud@Customer, or of course in the public cloud. And that's really what's going on here. And it's, it's really quite clear.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thank you. Very clear. Congrats again.
Safra Catz: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derrick Wood with Cowen and Company.
Derrick Wood: Right, thanks for taking my question and congrats on a strong quarter. I wanted to ask about the hardware side of the business. This is the first quarter seen without negative growth in a long time and to see you heading 70% gross margin, pretty impressive and far sooner than what we've thought. So, does this tell us you're mostly through bleeding off the commodity pieces, and that the majority of growth is driven by Exadata and Cloud@Customer and how should we generally think about the directional trends from here both in terms of growth and margins?
Safra Catz: Yes. So, the hardware growth is entirely dominated by our strategic hardware products, which is really most focused around Exadata. Revenue in Exadata was up 15%. Bookings in our strategic hardware, also up very, very high double digit. And we have actually an enormous Exadata backlog really the largest. It's actually double what it was, more than double what it was last year. And the reality is that this segment is very, very strongly. It has now gotten large enough. And, you know, the issue for us in Q4, as I mentioned, was really around supply chain. And, you know, that's taking a while to resolve itself, but we were able to make and shift a lot of Exadata’s, but we have an enormous backlog still behind that. And so that's really what's dominating. And of course, what that points to is, a commitment by our customers to Oracle, you know, you don't find Exadata to run anything, but Oracle Database, application, you know, Database Systems. And that commitment to the Oracle Platform is really shown up in this area. Cloud@Customer is not recognized upfront. Cloud@Customer is not recognized in the hardware line at all. In fact, it is recognized in the Cloud line when they go online and they consume, and they consume credit. So, Cloud credit, so it doesn't show up in that on-premise hardware line at all.
Operator: Our final question comes from Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Phil Winslow: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congrats on a great start to the fiscal year. Just want to focus on applications. We haven't really talked about that a lot on this call. Obviously, you gave out some really strong numbers with Fusion Cloud, you know, Safra, you talked about some of the puts and takes in the overall business and I wonder if you could talk about those sort of applications specifically?
Safra Catz: Sure. I mean, really, when you think of our application business, you really have to think about Fusion and especially Fusion ERP, HCM, our back office, you have to think about NetSuite those are the fastest growing segments. And you have to take into account that we have some other things in that business that are smaller, and some of them are from acquisitions. And that is the less, you know the less strategic part of our business. And as that gets smaller, sometimes replaced by Fusion, that's why that business is really doing very, very well. Because the ERP – everything is Fusion, but Fusion ERP HCM, this whole area really growing quickly. I mean, what you see is, many of our customers both E-Business Suite, PeopleSoft JD Edwards customers, but we also see a new phenomena, which is historically it would be hard to push a door of an SAP customer, an SAP on-premise customer to – but now we find that many of those doors are not only – can be basically are already open for us. So, as the only provider of ERP and the cloud for large, medium, large companies, the Fusion products are really taking off. And so, we've been replacing not only our own products and other companies, but we've made a significant foothold in SAP customers, simply because they're really very frustrated with the vendors that they have installed on-premise. So, this business for us is an enormous opportunity. And it's really just chugging on all cylinders worldwide, in fact.
Phil Winslow: Great, thanks a lot. Keep up the good work.
Ken Bond : Thank you Safra, thank you Phil. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow up questions in this call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Erica for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-06-16 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I'd like to turn today's call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are our Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks Ken and good afternoon, everyone. I know that many of you listening to this call are still working under unusual circumstances because of the pandemic. A lot has happened since our March 12th earnings call when we were all still conducting business as usual. Within a couple of weeks the mitigation response to COVID-19 reached levels that few could have imagined. Overall, we found ourselves working with our customers and we believe we have weathered the pandemic well and we're pleased with our overall performance in the quarter. To start, we successfully transitioned our global workforce to working from home and our employees rose to the occasion. They focused on their jobs, building technology, selling technology, and most importantly, helping our customers with some of the challenges that have come with this pandemic. Whether it was supporting systems for federal loan programs with partners or helping states get unemployment checks out or supporting the National Red Cross systems around the world handle the massive volume spikes, or helping HHS, the CDC, and other health authorities around the world or supporting over 100 clinical trials that were hurriedly stood up, we were there to help our customers and I think we are much closer to them as a result. There are many, many, many more stories like this, and they all underscore how proud I am of our employees and customers as we are all actively engaged in the ongoing fight against COVID-19. In addition, we decided to provide training and certification on Oracle Cloud infrastructure and autonomous database through Oracle University free of charge to all who wanted it. We saw a huge surge around the world in demand, with hundreds of thousands of individuals across 150 countries being trained and certified on Oracle's latest technology. Now we entered Q4 with an enormous pipeline of transactional business. As the quarter progressed, we saw a drop-off in deals, especially in the industries most affected by the pandemic. As countries begin reopening their economies, many of these discussions have already resumed. Since these were not losses to competitors, we believe that most of this business will ultimately be booked. And while some customers have deferred projects, were also rapidly building new pipeline with customers that are moving their on-premise workloads to the cloud. COVID-19 created challenges that forced companies to reconsider how they work in the cloud, including looking to us as an alternative to AWS and Azure. As we engaged with these customers, they found OCI was more performant than our competitors, more secure, less expensive and easy to use, making OCI now a serious part of the infrastructure discussion. We are also seeing this on the application side of the business as many customers entered the pandemic unprepared and are now showing renewed interest in modern cloud applications with mobility, social and machine learning built-in. Moving to the numbers, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar rates unless I say otherwise. Keep in mind for your USD models that the strengthening of the U.S. dollar in the quarter resulted in an unexpected currency headwind as there was a flight to quality, which is the U.S. dollar. The incremental currency headwind was more than $200 million to total revenue and $0.02 to earnings per share, both negative. Total Cloud Services and License Support revenues for the quarter were $6.8 billion, up 3% from last year and accounted for 66% of total company revenue, up 61% -- up from 61% last year. GAAP application subscription revenues were $2.7 billion, up 3% with Fusion apps up 31%. Fusion ERP was up 35% and Fusion HCM was up 29%. NetSuite ERP was up 25% and Vertical SaaS was up 7%. GAAP infrastructure subscription revenues were $4.1 billion, up 3% with database subscription revenue up 6%, which is up from 5% last quarter. License revenues were $2 billion, down 21% after being up 15% last Q4. All in, total revenues for the quarter were $10.4 billion, down 4%. As we saw the pandemic begin to take hold, we acted swiftly to lower our operating expenses by 8%. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.1 billion, down slightly from last year, and the operating margin was 49%, up 2% from last year. As a reminder, to take advantage of very favorable interest rates, we issued $20 billion in debt in the quarter and the added interest expense, which lowered EPS by $0.03, was not in my early March guidance. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 16.6% below our base tax rate of 20% as a result of some discrete items, and EPS was $1.20 in U.S. dollars, up 3% in U.S. dollars, up 5% in constant currency. As I mentioned, currency had a negative $0.02 impact on EPS. The GAAP tax rate was 15.7%, also a result of some discrete items, and GAAP EPS was $0.99 in U.S. dollars, down 8% in USD and down 5% in constant currency. Now for the full fiscal year, total Cloud Services and License Support revenue was $27.4 billion, up 4% and accounting for 70% of total company revenue, up from 68% last year. Total company revenue for the year were $39.1 billion, up slightly in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.85 in USD, up 9% and up double-digits for the third consecutive year at 11% in constant currency. The full year operating margin percentage was up slightly at 44%, and I expect we will see record margins in the coming years as our revenue growth accelerates, and we benefit from greater scale in the cloud. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was $13.1 billion. During Q4, we saw delays in customer payments due to the pandemic as some customers suffered financial hardship. We worked with those customers, and we expect that these payments will be collected in full over the course of this fiscal year. Capital expenditures for the year were $1.6 billion, and free cash flow over the last four quarters was $11.6 billion. We now have more than $43 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $8 billion. Now that's down 3% in constant currency, due to timing differences in customer payments, which were more pronounced this quarter, because of COVID-19. But I want to remind you, gross deferred revenue was up 3% in constant currency. As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholder through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased nearly 107 million shares for a total of $5.2 billion. Over the last 12 months, we've repurchased 361 million shares for a total of $19.2 billion. Over the last 10 years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by nearly 40%. In addition, we have paid out dividends of $3.1 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share. Now, before moving to guidance, I'd like to restate what I said on our Q2 and Q3 earnings call, which was that our business is expanding and our revenue is accelerating and our relationships with customers is broadening. But for the timing of the pandemic, we had every reason to believe that this momentum would have carried forward to Q4. And though delayed by a few months, we believe, the pandemic has actually focused customers more clearly on the need for the modern technology, which are uniquely at the core of Oracle's offerings. We are confident in our growth, because our mix of business is becoming increasingly favorable. Our revenue is now clearly in one of three distinct groups: one growing, one stable and one declining. What I see is that while overall revenue growth has averaged around 1% to 2% over the last few years, underneath, the growing businesses have grown at a 30% compound annual growth rate. The declining businesses averaged almost double-digit decline and our stable businesses were up 1% or 2%. We are now at a point where our growing businesses are now larger than our declining businesses. And this favorable shift will inevitably drive revenue acceleration going forward. Second, I believe our SaaS business momentum will increase as our very large installed base of application customers continue to move to the cloud and as we take share from our on-premise competitors, SAP for One, that do not have a true SaaS offering. Our products are modern, secure, performant, mobile and importantly, highly referenceable. As more of these ERP workloads move to the cloud, we believe that they will move to Oracle Fusion. Third, we have four decades' worth of Oracle database applications, which have only recently started to move to the cloud. These databases contain the most mission-critical and valuable information of our customers. Now with Autonomous Database, they have a place to go where they get far better technology at a lower price. For those who care about security, performance and cost, the Autonomous Database will be the standard that everyone else is measured against. The Autonomous Database runs on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure in our public cloud and in a customer's own data center with Cloud@Customer. The Autonomous Database is, without question, our most significant database release and will absolutely drive revenue acceleration going forward as it grows. Lastly is the momentum in OCI that I've already mentioned. We're thrilled that once companies see our differentiated OCI technology, they become believers. This is evidenced by the fact that annualized consumption revenue for Gen2 OCI grew over 140% in Q4. By the way, the ACR for Autonomous Database grew nearly 70% in Q4. These two are getting to be a large number. Across all these product categories, industry analysts are universally recognizing our technology innovation and leadership in the cloud. Pick your favorite independent publisher, whether it's Forrester, Gartner or IDC or any others, you will see Oracle in the upper right of every chart. In summary, it's the continuation of leading technologies favorable mix shifts in our existing businesses and higher growth rates from our growing businesses that give me the confidence that our revenue growth will accelerate this year. Now to the guidance. My guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. Currency is extremely volatile, as you've all seen, and it is clear what happened in Q4. However, assuming current exchange rates remain the same as they are now, though I'm not projecting that, I'm just telling you, currency should have a negative 1% effect on total revenue and $0.01 negative effect on EPS in Q1. Total revenues are expected to grow from 0% to 2% in constant currency. And assuming a 1% currency headwind, total revenues are expected to grow from negative 1% to positive 1% in USD. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow 5% to 9% and between $0.85 and $0.89 in constant currency, and assuming a $0.01 headwind, non-GAAP EPS in USD is expected to grow between 4% and 8% and be between $0.84 and $0.88 in USD. My EPS guidance for Q1 assumes a base tax rate of 20%. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary. But I expect that in normalizing for these onetime tax events, our tax rate will, in fact, average around 20%. Now given the -- I've taken into account, as much as I can, the uncertainty related to the pandemic. Now I'm not going to be providing guidance for the entire fiscal year 2021, but as I said earlier, I have a high level of confidence that our revenue will accelerate as we move on past COVID-19. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Look, this quarter, we announced new customer relationships with Zoom and 8x8. They were great wins but there were many others. And before I start listing the additional wins, I want to explain why we're winning. Oracle Cloud Infrastructure is the world's only second-generation autonomous cloud. Autonomous software technology, the Oracle Autonomous Database, Oracle Autonomous Linux, autonomy is the defining technology that separates our Gen2 cloud from Amazon's, Microsoft's and Google's generation-one cloud. Autonomous self-driving computer systems eliminate human labor and eliminate human error. There is nothing for humans to learn and nothing for humans to do. Eliminating human labor dramatically lowers the cost of running an autonomous system. Eliminating human error dramatically increases data security and system reliability. All of the big data losses at Amazon were caused by human error. There is no opportunity for any human error if your data is stored in an Oracle autonomous system. This is a very big deal. The Oracle Autonomous Database provisions itself, configures itself, encrypts the data itself, patches itself and updates itself, automatically scales itself up and down and continuously tunes itself as the database grows and user access patterns change, and it does all of those things while the system is running. There's no downtime required to patch. There's no downtime required to installing new version. There's no downtime required to double the number of processors that you're currently using or reduce the number of processors to have. It all happens while the system is running. Oracle Autonomous Linux is the world's only autonomous operating system, which provides 99.95% [ph] availability while maintaining itself with continuous security and monitoring, continuous patching and remediation while the system is running. Furthermore, soon all the popular OCI services, compute, storage, et cetera, will be truly serverless and elastic. The other guys don't have this. The Oracle OCI will have elastic compute, elastic storage, all the popular – all about popular things would be serverless and elastic, scaling itself up and down automatically while you are running. So we keep the promise of the cloud where customers only pay for what you use. Quite often in other clouds, you have to reserve compute capacity, and even if you don't use it, you have to pay for it. That's not the case. That's less and less the case in the Oracle Autonomous Cloud. Okay. The Oracle public cloud now has 24 OCI Gen2 regions live. Soon, we will have more regions live than AWS, which is currently at a count of 25. We will, this fiscal year, add another 14 Gen2 OCI regions, allowing more customers to run in a public cloud without compromising data locality or data sovereignty requirements. For customers who are wanting or needing to run their applications in their own data center behind their own firewall, we uniquely offer Oracle Cloud@Customer, either for just the Oracle database or for all of our OCI cloud services, including our SaaS applications. None of the other cloud vendors have this kind of cloud customer offering. To summarize, Oracle's Gen2 autonomous, serverless, elastic cloud infrastructure delivers better performance, higher security at a much lower cost than AWS, Azure or the Google Cloud. And that's why we won Zoom. And that's the other – and some of the other deals I'm about to tell you about. Okay. Let's start with Zoom. Demand for Zoom's services has increased almost 20 times since January. Zoom needed additional cloud capacity immediately. Within hours of the first Oracle deployment, OCI supported hundreds of thousands of simultaneous meeting participants. Usage has continued to ramp, where Oracle now supports millions of simultaneous meeting participants. Zoom selected OCI because of our advantages in price, performance, scalability, reliability and cloud security. Every day, our Zoom -- our Zoom conferences move more than 8 petabytes, through the OCI network. That's an extraordinary amount of data. We've been able to scale and help Zoom scale as demand grew. Okay. Another win, in addition to Zoom 8x8, a great example of our sales process, the customer began by moving some services to OCI for performance enhancements. 8x8 was very surprised by the extent of their performance gains by moving out of AWS, moving part of their system out of AWS and into OCI. They were so surprised by the performance gains they achieved and the cost savings they achieved, that they decided to move all of their services out of AWS and into Oracle. Once OCI demonstrated much better performance at a much better price, that sealed the deal, for 8x8, and its growing base of 20 million monthly active users. Another win, the Omani Information Technology and Communications Group, a three-year contract, they built a dedicated OCI Gen2 Cloud@Customer data center, in Oman, offering OCI services, OCI public cloud services to all the different government agencies within Oman. This means they'll be able to have the full benefits of the public cloud, OCI Gen2 public cloud, again without compromising their data locality or their data sovereignty requirements. Another win, Jefferies, the world's largest ninth-- world's ninth largest investment firm plan to move over 500 workloads to Oracle's Gen2 public cloud. Jefferies picked Oracle over both AWS and Azure. They are also using OCI to extend their Fusion HCM applications. Another win, General Authority of Civil Aviation in Saudi Arabia, Cloud@Customer, in the customer's own words, 'The key factors that were considered when we chose Exadata Cloud@Customer was cost reduction by approximately 50%, while being in compliance with government requirements for data sovereignty. Additionally, with Autonomous Database on Exadata Cloud@Customer, our team could save time and effort. And focus on business innovation by leveraging its self-driving, self-securing, self-repairing characteristics of the Oracle Autonomous Database.' Quest Diagnostics, Quest is the world leader in diagnostic testing. And they continue to invest in the Oracle cloud to support the ongoing battle against the coronavirus pandemic. Quest expanded its current Exadata Cloud@Customer environment, so that the company could migrate, MyQuest portal an anticipation of dramatically increased COVID-19 antibody testing. Quest also upgraded its existing Exadata on-premises environment to new -- the new Gen2 Exadata Cloud@Customer to support both corporate and line-of-business, business functions. Another win, Santander Bank, Santander is consolidating their databases on Oracle's Exadata Cloud@Customer and adopting our Autonomous Database to support the bank's digital transformation. Another OCI win, TD Bank Group in Canada. TD Bank made a multiyear commitment to use Oracle's public cloud, including Oracle's Gen2 Cloud Infrastructure, along with Oracle SaaS, data integration and Autonomous Data warehouse to move their financial reporting systems from an on-premise configuration to a public cloud deployment. Verizon Business Group, a four-year contract. Verizon has already moved over 25 mission and business critical workloads to the OCI Gen2 public cloud, serving its customers around the globe. These workloads process more than 200,000-plus IOPs, I/Os per second with 120 terabytes of data. Verizon uses the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure with Exadata Cloud Services, including RAC and Data Guard, and Verizon plans to dramatically increase its commitment to the Oracle Public Cloud and move more and more workloads over to Oracle. Another win, Cybereason, a four-year contract. Using the OCI Public Cloud to run its own SaaS platform to provide their customers with endpoint protection, response and analytics as a service. Cybereason will be using Oracle's bare metal service plus the Autonomous Database to run their analytics. Another OCI win, a very large European auto manufacturer. This customer is looking for a highly elastic, high performance compute environment in the cloud to reduce their capital cost and introduce deployment flexibility. They will run computational fluid dynamics to simulate car crashes in the OCI Public Cloud to support their car development and scale up -- and they expect to scale up using many thousands of cores by the end of this year. Another win, SGS, formerly Societe Generale, a three-year contract. Moving multiple workloads to OCI Gen2 Public Cloud, including a 34,000 user e-business suite application with the goal of lowering costs, while improving security, reliability and performance. This wins open doors to the next phase of SGS's transition to the Public Cloud, focused on peering Microsoft Azure with Oracle's OCI Gen2 Public Cloud. Another win, Synacor, three-year contract. They are migrating some of their production SaaS businesses to OCI, which enables them to shutdown a number of their data centers. In May, they expanded their initial contract as they continued migrating existing and new SaaS environments to Oracle's Cloud Infrastructure. Sky.One, three-year contract. Sky.One is a Brazilian ISVs that again has their own SaaS applications. After running on both AWS and the Oracle Cloud, they found that Oracle's cloud gave their customers much better performance at a much lower cost. As a result, they are moving all of their workloads to the Oracle cloud. Another one, another win for infrastructure. Manappuram Finance in India, a five-year contract. They decided to move entirely to the Oracle Public Cloud in our Mumbai Gen2 data center. With our newly launched, Hybrid Gen2 -- Hyderabad Gen2 data center as their disaster recovery site. And I'll stop with -- and the last infrastructure win, I'll talk about is Altair, a three-year contract, five times the size of their initial contract, and they're migrating more of their high-performance compute and commercial workloads to OCI. There are a lot more infrastructure deals in the fourth quarter, which was a spectacular quarter for OCI and Infrastructure, but I don't have time to name them all. So, right now, I'm going to move on to cloud application wins. Currently, Oracle is the cloud ERP market and technology leader with over 7,100 Fusion ERP customers and nearly cloud ERP 22,000 NetSuite customers. We have taken a huge lead in the cloud ERP market because our largest competitor, SAP never rewrote their ERP applications for the cloud. Gartner lists Fusion, Oracle Fusion at the very top of their ERP ranking, with SAP in the lower half, listed with the lower half of competitors. This is a dramatic change from a few years ago. Workday has a cloud ERP system, but most of their successes come in HCM. And more and more customers these days are purchasing HCM as a part of an overall ERP purchase, an ERP decision. We've now seen our Fusion HCM growth rates as a result of the fact that HCM purchase decisions are now getting bundled with ERP purchase decisions. We've seen our HCM Fusion growth rates surpass Workday's HCM growth rates. We are already, by far, the biggest cloud ERP player, and it looks like we're going to be able to leverage our advantage in ERP and our scale in ERP to also become the biggest cloud HCM player. Before I go on to the key ERP and HCM wins this quarter, I'd like to highlight a few Fusion customers that went live in Q4 during the pandemic. First was JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase in this past quarter went live in 100 countries, with over 256,000 employees on Oracle Cloud, HCM and Recruiting. JPMorgan Chase has already moved over two million of their recruiting candidates to the new Oracle Cloud Recruiting system. Maybe the most interesting one, Goldman Sachs. Goldman Sachs initially purchased Workday HCM, but their implementation was not successful. Thereafter, Goldman Sachs acquired Oracle Cloud HCM and they went live a little over a month ago. It's interesting to note that both Gartner and Forrester Research rate Oracle HCM much higher than Workday. Don't believe me, go look at the reports. They're online. Okay. So, where we really distinguished ourselves in addition to capabilities and also other things was in customer satisfaction. Look at the Gartner report, look at the Forrester report. Our customer sat rating is 5.0 right at the top and Workday is right in the middle is right in the middle with 3.0 far behind us. Another company that went live during the pandemic was Mount Sinai Hospital and the Icahn School of Medicine. They went live with Oracle Cloud HCM, amid the COVID-19 pandemic to support more than 26,000 frontline employees with more modern, accessible tools that they could use at home. They replaced a 30-year-old HR payroll system, all right. Those were go-lives that happened during the pandemic, and I think they're very interesting. Okay. We also added a lot of customers in ERP and EPM and supply chain management. First one, KPM Netherlands bought Fusion ERP. They're going to start a complete back-office transformation of nearly 2,000 applications going from multiple vendors' ERP systems to Oracle Fusion ERP, standardizing an Oracle Fusion ERP. A large global networking company is leveraging Oracle's digital supply chain with a single data model to achieve end-to-end view of innovate to commercialize, manufacture to fulfill and design to recycle operations. Another – a large global insurance provider where we beat Workday for an ERP replacement. Workday was the incumbent in HCM, but we were able to win the ERP deal even though they were already there in HCM. The customer chose Oracle because of our accounting hub and our global capabilities. They also bought Fusion Procurement and Fusion Project Management. A large multinational conglomerate in Asia signed a $13 million ARR deal. We'll be rolling out ERP, supply chain management, HCM to their over 200,000 employees and multiple subsidiaries worldwide in a wide ranging program to modernize their corporate system and remove tens of millions of dollars of operating cost. Another win in the quarter, ERP win in the quarter was Westpac New Zealand. They'll be using Oracle Cloud ERP and Oracle Cloud EPM to reduce cost and complexity of their current environment while meeting local banking standards to operate independently from their parent in Australia. Okay. I'm going to stop doing ERP and supply chain wins. I'm going to move to HCM wins. Okay, first, we won Kroger, North America's largest grocery is replacing their SAP system with Fusion HCM. The key enablers that allowed us to win this deal were our capabilities around all of HCM can operate from a smartphone, AI, machine learning integrated into the application, chat box integrated into HCM, and all of our modern SaaS applications and our Oracle Voice Digital Assistant. You can do a lot of things expense reporting, calling up reports using a voice interface on your mobile phone, makes a huge difference between us and our other cloud competitors is our Oracle Voice Digital Assistant. Another HCM win was at Petronas in Malaysia. Once again, there, we're replacing SAP with Fusion HCM. A very large U.S. Managed healthcare company, they acquired Fusion HCM to replace 40 separate systems managing HR activities. These silos of disconnected data result in a loss of visibility of their most valuable resource, their enterprise workforce.  Other significant HCM wins in the quarter were the United Nations, Norfolk County Council, the University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center. There were lots more, but I'm going to stop right here and turn it back over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Okay.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Holly, if we could move to the Q&A portion of the call now?
Operator: All right. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Brad Zelnick, Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Thanks very much for taking my question. Larry, you talked about OCI quite a bit in your prepared remarks, but I don’t think we can hear too much about the success you’re having. In particular, the traction outside your typical customer base with wins like Zoom and 8x8 in the quarter, very impressive. Can you talk more about the impact that the pandemic might be having on your Cloud Infrastructure business? And any change in your confidence level there based on what you're seeing?
Larry Ellison: Well, I think what we’re seeing is now that some people are actually trying. The people – the first group of people that are coming to OCI are people who are in the business providing their application. Its not -- I mean, it’s great we have Verizon, we have end user customers like Verizon, a very big success. They came to OCI. I think, they tried a number of other clouds and they found OCI is better than other clouds. Zoom found that OCI was faster and cheaper, which makes a big deal in their business, right? So they had to expand capacity, but they prefer paying less and getting more when they run on someone else's cloud. So if your business is to build an application in the cloud, and you're going to use someone else's cloud, we think OCI is where there -- a lot of them are going to end up once they try our cloud. Not everyone believes, in fact, most people don't believe that Oracle has the fastest cloud and the lowest cost cloud. But when you come here and try it, that's exactly what you find out. And you're just seeing the beginning of that happening. And I think a bunch of people were shocked that Zoom picked Oracle. Zoom -- I think Zoom was shocked also. I think Zoom was shocked when they looked at the results after they moved their application to Oracle, and we were faster, much faster, and we were much less expensive and we were more secure. So we think as people compare our cloud, our infrastructure, our second-generation infrastructure to AWS and Azure and the rest, they're going to pick our cloud. They just have to come look as opposed to just assuming, hey, AWS is bigger so they must be better. Azure is bigger, so they must be better. Once they look, we win. And I think as far as our end users are concerned, Verizon is a perfect example of someone who tried other clouds and then tried Oracle, found that Oracle could do a lot more for a lot less money than they could get done with AWS or Azure. We have a lot of customers. We've got to get them in. We've got to get them looking. We've got to get them trying our cloud and comparing that to the results of AWS, and we think we're going to get the lion's share of our installed base, our database installed base moving to our cloud. If I'm right, if that's right, our Infrastructure Cloud business is gigantic. We have hundreds of thousands of database customers, including all the largest companies and governments on the planet Earth.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you very, Larry. Much clear.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from the line of Heather Bellini, Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you both very much for taking the question. I wanted to talk a little bit about the launch of Cloud@Customer Gen 2 that you mentioned with Autonomous Database. And with the ability now to be able to run Autonomous on-premise, can you give us a sense for how you see this accelerating adoption of Autonomous? And then I just was wondering, when you factor in both now that it's available in the cloud, on OCI and on-premise, how much of a tailwind, Safra, is this factored into your view that you think that revenue growth could accelerate in fiscal year 2021? Is this one of the biggest levers to your estimations there? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Let me just answer the end of that, and then, Larry, I think you should cover it in much more detail. I have not counted on that in my underlying assumptions, but I do believe that it is going to be incredibly successful. And as our initial customers are using it, this is, I believe, a very, very important, very differentiated capability that only we have. And so, though I've not relied on it for the acceleration, I do believe that it will be an incredible tailwind for us and not just this year, but really for years to come. Anyway, Larry, why don't you comment on Cloud@Customer and Autonomous Database?
Larry Ellison: Okay. So when we pivoted strongly to the cloud, we did a lot of database development for the public cloud and the most conspicuous thing that came out of our development team was the Autonomous Database. But it only ran in a public cloud. And we had this huge installed base. We have this huge installed base, hundreds of thousands of customers. Most of the world's valuable data is in an Oracle database. But that's sitting on-premise. And a large bank wanted to use our latest technology, the Oracle Autonomous Database. The only place they could buy it was in the public cloud, they couldn't get it. They could not get it in their data center in Cloud@Customer. We didn't have it. So for years, several years, our on-premise customers had no access to our latest database technology. Amazing. So now after developing all of this for the public cloud and continuously improving the Oracle Autonomous Database, the Oracle autonomous transaction process system, the Oracle autonomous data warehouse, we finally have gotten around to making it available to our on-premise customers via our Cloud@Customer, Exadata -- Exadata Cloud@Customer service offering. And so, now all of our on-premise customers, big banks, big government agencies, smaller customers who want to upgrade their databases on-premise can now use Cloud@Customer. And we make it very attractive for them to get access to the latest technology. We own -- there's no upfront capital cost to get this thing. It's just like buying public cloud, except we put the database cloud, the Cloud@Customer in your data center in the form of a number of Exadata machines. And then we manage it for you across the network, across -- attached to our public cloud and we manage it for you. Again, what's happened is, for years, our installed base on-premise customers had no access to our latest database technology, our best database technology, Autonomous Database. Now, all of a sudden, they do. We think this is going to be a gigantic shift and a great product for us. We're very excited. And by the way, the other thing that's great about Gen2 versus Gen1 of Cloud@Customer, Gen2 Cloud@Customer has been engineered to be amazingly easy to install and use. You kind of plug it in and it just amazingly easy to install and use. You kind of plug it in and it just works. So we think – we think it's an easy-to-use system. There's no capital upfront to use the system. We think it's going to be attractive to all of – all of our on-premise customers, large and small, and it will ease their transition from on-premise and into the public cloud during that long period of co-existence when you have your own data centers and you have a public cloud both operating together. We think it's going to be one of our biggest and hottest new products ever, Autonomous Database Cloud@Customer.
Heather Bellini: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Sarah Hindlian-Bowler.
Sarah Hindlian-Bowler: Great. Thank you, Larry and Safra for taking my questions. And I'm really glad that everybody is safe and well, definitely important right now. I'd like to pivot and focus on the applications business, especially Safra, given your commentary around growing parts of the business getting larger than the shrinking parts. Can you elaborate a little bit on what trends you're seeing in application software? And perhaps, in particular, I'm interested in knowing if you're seeing any accelerations in customer migrations from on-premise into your cloud, and just any color and insights will be greatly appreciated? Thank you so much.
Safra Catz: Certainly. So we have a number of drivers in this business that basically is accelerating the adoption of our products. First of all, we have more and more referenceable customers, both small to a very large, as you heard Larry talk about it. So we have many, many references, which makes it far easier to convince new customers to go ahead and choose us. Secondly, we have a lot of success upgrading on-premise customers that customers that are – they use products that are on-premise with really no possible way to reach the cloud, and so we've been incredibly successful with the with the old Lawson base and all that. In addition, the E-Business Suite customers, which is a massive installed base has only recently started to upgrade and only about 6% of our installed base has upgraded to the cloud in absolute ERP. So though they picked up pieces around financials, now they're really starting as they build confidence and especially as larger and larger customers have adopted Fusion ERP, many of them have just been waiting until they could do that. And one of the things, by the way, that was a very important was the releases on the supply chain side of the business. Many of our customers are manufacturers and they wanted to – they like having the suite. They wanted a full suite, of course our financials and HCM, but in addition, they wanted a mature supply chain product and now we have many references in the supply chain, of course including ourselves. And so the momentum has really increased. Now part of that, by the way, is that once customers, start with us many of our customers grow over time. So, they'll start with some module, and year-over-year, it is very common that they will grow their installation at least 20% with us. So, we have a lot of different drivers to the relationship. So, some adopt HCM, some take on more divisions, some role in additional capabilities. And I'll tell you, this pandemic has actually been very, very interesting for some of them, because they got one of the immediate benefits of being in the cloud. And that is for our HCM customers, we rolled out, at no charge, health and safety, which is a module in HCM. And in working with some partners, many of our customers adopted it and to start using it, so that they could better support their employees through this pandemic, and so that they could assist them and help keep track of them and help them where necessary. Of course, nothing like that could have been possible on-premise. And it's those kind of things where we can just roll out new capabilities, which is the big difference between being on-premise but hosted like SAP, and being actually in a software-as-a-service model where new functionalities can just be rolled out for you without you calling in a giant system integrator team to put it in. So, we have a lot of momentum right now in this business.
Larry Ellison: Yeah. And I'd like to add to what Safra said. We rolled out the new module. That's something that Oracle made available in our cloud. But then, our customers will be able to access that new module at home, if they’ll take it out. So, and the fact is, all these cloud systems are accessible at home, obviously. They are accessible on your smartphone. So, they're just much more accessible than the previous generation of technology. And that's made a huge difference where people are able to continue operating out of their homes. If you are an accountant, and you're using an Oracle financial system, there is no reason to get in your car and drive to the office. You have the same exact tools sitting in your home office on your laptop computer.
Safra Catz: Yeah. I mean these capabilities are not only -- they are modern, they are mobile. You can get to them. But not only that, you can work with them by voice, totally modern UI, much more capable. I mean, it is literally night and day between 21st century technology, which came in incredibly handy during this pandemic, and all 20th century stuff, some of these customers are using. And that's why the moment they get started with us and build the confidence, they realize that this is very, very important and critical for their success going forward. Thank you.
Sarah Hindlian-Bowler: Thank you. That was very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question for the day will come from the line of Mark Moerdler, Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you, and appreciate you have time to take my question. Safra, my understanding was that Company didn't furlough employees. They didn't lay any one off. You treated your employees well. Your license sales were down a bit, and yet you beat big on margin. Can you give us some color on exactly what's driving such a big margin improvement? Thanks.
Safra Catz: Well, I think you know that we have a very long history of being very careful about how we spend money. And during this pandemic, obviously, there were no people flying around. Only our essential employees that had to go in to somewhere did any kind of traveling at all. We had moved entirely to work-from-home. And so we didn't have T&E expenses. In addition, of course, our compensation expenses were down because of commissions. That's clear. And we really just tried to carefully watch our spending, while continuing to invest in our future. We are very, very optimistic about the strength of these products. I cannot say that enough. And as a result, we're also very optimistic about the capability of our field to kind of, fan out and share this with our prospects. And so we want to make sure we have a very strong technical team in place and a very strong field. So we just did what are the -- the reasonable smart things to do. Everyone, the entire senior management team, Larry and I don't take the credit, it is really the credit of the entire management team that just got a lot more careful about extraneous spending and we were able to bring this in.
Larry Ellison: I'd like to comment also. I think, I'll add a little color to that. I think Safra is -- I totally agree with everything Safra said. I think we've always been actually pretty good about controlling our expenses and this is another example where we have executed very well there. I think just as important, maybe even more important, is the fact that our profitable businesses are getting bigger while our less profitable businesses are getting smaller. So the mix, what Safra was talking about very early on in the call, we have some businesses that are in decline that we don't care much about. I mean, we don't care that this SPARC servers are selling less than when we first bought Sun. You know, there are a bunch of businesses we have storage systems. We have a number of businesses that are in decline that were lower margin businesses and we have a bunch of businesses that are on the rise; like Fusion HCM, like Fusion ERP, Fusion SCM, our infrastructure, our OCI Gen 2, Autonomous Database. These are much higher profit margin products. So as some of our lower margin businesses get smaller and our higher margin businesses get bigger, it's really what's going -- what's going on is a mix shift, the fundamental mix shift. And I think you should see margin expansion in good times and margin conservation in bad times because of this mix change. I think the mix change is a very big deal and explains a lot of why even though -- if you look at Oracle by and large over the last several years someone will say, guy, I mean, their top-line growth has not been very strong, but their bottom-line growth has been spectacular. Well, they just must be cutting costs and cutting costs and cutting costs. That is not true. Our mix is changing. Our profitable businesses are getting bigger. Our less profitable businesses are getting smaller. That's allowing us to improve our profitability and hold on to our margins, even when the topline is challenged. I don't mean to take away anything from the team, which did a wonderful job of watching every penny in traveling. Obviously, we traveled less. We were in fewer hotels and all of those things. But it's really the combination of those two things, everything that Safra outlined in terms of how we manage our expenses plus this mix change that had a big impact and allowed us to deliver an earnings beat in a very tough quarter.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you again for joining us today. With that, I'll turn the call back to Holly for closing.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's Oracle quarter four 2020 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-03-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. Sir?
Ken Bond: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are our Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz.  As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revision of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks, and with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. As usual, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates unless I state otherwise. As you can see, we had an excellent quarter in Q3 with total revenue growth of 3% in constant currency and EPS of $0.97 in U.S. dollars. Both revenue and EPS were above the midpoint of my guidance even though we saw a strengthening U.S. dollar, which resulted in a negative headwind to total revenue.  It was really a remarkable quarter with a lot of product and customer momentum in both applications and infrastructure. The quarter demonstrated the acceleration of revenue that I've been forecasting. Our Cloud Services and License Support business, basically our subscription business, which includes SaaS, IaaS and software updates, powered our revenue growth. Those subscription revenues for the quarter were $6.9 billion, up 5% and accounted for nearly 71% of total company revenues, up from 69% last year. License revenues were $1.2 billion, the same as last year.  We are seeing a lot of momentum across our applications portfolio, with GAAP application subscription revenues at $2.8 billion, up 7%. Fusion apps were up 32%, Fusion ERP was up 38% and Fusion HCM was up 27%. NetSuite ERP was up 26%. Vertical SaaS was up single -- high single digits, and data cloud was up low single digits. GAAP infrastructure subscription revenues were $4.1 billion, up 4% with total database revenue up 5%, highlighted by BYOL and Autonomous Database revenues both up over 150% but off a small base.  As you can see, we've replaced ecosystem revenues with subscription revenues, which will make it easier for you to see the revenue growth rate of the largest part of our business more clearly. You'll still be able to determine the growth rates for our entire software ecosystem by combining subscription and license revenues.  Our cloud renewal rates continue to go up. The gross margin for Cloud Services and License Support was 86%, up 1% from last quarter. Both SaaS and IaaS gross margins were up more than 1% from both last quarter and last year. As we continue to get to scale, I expect our cloud gross margins will increase further, driving an acceleration in our gross profit growth.  Total revenues for the quarter were $9.8 billion, up 3% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.4 billion, up 3% from last year. The operating margin was 44%, essentially unchanged from last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was at 19.1%, slightly below our base tax rate of 20%. EPS was $0.97 in U.S. dollars, up 12% in constant currency and 11% in USD. The GAAP tax rate was 16.4% and GAAP EPS was $0.79 in USD, up 5% in constant currency, 4% in USD. Operating cash flow over the last 4 quarters was $13.9 billion. Capital expenditures were $1.5 billion and free cash flow was $12.4 billion. We now have approximately $26 billion in cash and marketable securities, and the short-term net deferred revenue balance is $7.8 billion, down 1% in constant currency due to timing differences in customer payments. Gross deferred revenue was up over 1% in constant currency and would have been up over 3%, if not for the ASC 606 transition changes.  Now we remain committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 73.5 million shares for a total of $4 billion. And over the last 12 months, we have repurchased 366 million shares for a total of $20 billion. And over the last 5 years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by nearly 28%. The Board again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share. The Board of Directors also authorized an additional $15 billion for the repurchase of Oracle shares.  Now before turning to guidance, I need to say a few words about the impact of the COVID-19 virus. Over the last few weeks, we've observed the growing public concern. We're largely conducting business as usual with some modifications such as using video conferencing and asking our employees to postpone nonessential travel. Likewise, we're seeing other companies take precautionary actions. It's not yet clear what the effect that the virus will have on our customers and suppliers and, as a result, what the impact will be on our business in Q4.  So with that backdrop, let me share with you my thinking on the modeling for Q4. The subscription part of our business, cloud and product update, will continue to grow, and we expect minimal impact from the virus in the quarter, given that much of the subscription revenue is already contracted. Last year, the subscription business was 61% of the quarter. Consistent with the trends over the last year, I expect it to be a larger percentage of Q4 this year.  In meeting with my executive team, we reviewed the enormous pipeline of transactional business for Q4. As you know, Q4 is typically a seasonally large quarter for software licenses and, to a lesser extent, hardware. Given the uncertainty in the current business climate, I am going to provide a much wider range in my estimate for total revenue.  My guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. Assuming current exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have no significant effect on revenues or EPS. Now of course, that may change, but that's what it is right now. So for Q4, total subscription revenues are expected to range between 3% to 5% in both constant currency and U.S. dollars. Total revenues are expected to range between negative 2% to positive 2% in both constant currency and U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to grow between 3% to 9% and be between $1.20 and $1.28 in both constant currency and USD. Total CapEx for FY '20 is expected to be around $2 billion but it could vary.  My EPS guidance for Q4 and the FY '20 assumes a base tax rate of 20%. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary from our base tax rate. But I expect that in normalizing for these onetime tax events, our tax rate will average around 20% for fiscal year 2020.  Now in June, assuming the global economic situation has stabilized, I will share with you the basis for my optimism around our revenue growth acceleration for fiscal year 2021. It will be based on the ever-growing portion of our revenue attributable to our faster-growing subscription business. You saw a bit of it in Q3, and it would have been even more obvious but for the early impact of the virus.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. There are two key product areas that will determine Oracle's future, cloud ERP applications and Autonomous Database infrastructure. Being #1 in both of these 2 giant market segments will enable the success of our other application and infrastructure products in adjacent market segments. We expect the cloud ERP market segment to be 2 to 3x larger than the prior on-premise ERP software market. We already have a huge lead in the cloud ERP market with over 7,000 Fusion ERP customers and 21,000 NetSuite ERP customers.  Our primary ERP competitors are struggling. SAP never rewrote their ERP applications for the cloud. And today, many of SAP's largest customers are actively working with us to migrate from SAP to Fusion ERP in the cloud. Workday, the other competitor, is seeing very little success in cloud ERP. Workday's ERP market share is tiny compared to ours. What's even more interesting is Workday's lack of success in cloud ERP is also creating opportunities for Oracle in cloud HCM. HCM increasingly is being purchased as a part of an ERP Cloud application suite. As a result, Oracle now has more HCM customers than Workday, and Fusion HCM revenue is growing faster than Workday.  And we're beginning to see the same integrated suite strategy drive our sales of CX, customer experience, applications in sales, service and marketing. I want to highlight a couple of our multi-pillar wins because these sales demonstrate the power of having an integrated cloud application suite like Fusion. First one, Johnson Controls. They signed a $15 million annual recurring deal that included ERP, Oracle Fusion Cloud ERP, enterprise performance management, supply chain management and CX for marketing, Fusion Marketing, Fusion service, Fusion Sales, e-commerce and Configure, Price, Quote.  Skanska similarly bought Fusion ERP, Fusion EPM and Fusion HCM -- Fusion Supply Chain and HCM in the cloud. So we're seeing a lot of multi-pillar deals where they buy most of or all of the Fusion suite. We had a lot of ERP and EPM wins in the cloud. We won Unisys, ERP, EPM, SCM and CX. We -- S&P Global bought ERP. United Services Automobile Association bought ERP. RECO bought ERP. SCL Health bought both ERP and HCM. Adecco bought ERP. The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineering bought ERP and HCM. United Airlines bought ERP. Snap bought ERP. CDK Global bought both ERP and SCM.  We had a number of SCMs -- a number of supply chain wins in the quarter. Big one was Dow Chemical, bought Fusion Supply Chain. National Oilwell's bought Fusion Supply Chain. RECO bought Supply Chain in addition to ERP. Unisys bought Supply Chain. Citrus World bought Supply Chain. ConAgra, Supply Chain. UC Health bought Supply Chain. National Convenience Distributors bought Supply Chain and so did Total S.A. buy Supply Chain. As I said, selling the suite has enabled us to sell a lot more HCM as a part of the suite.  CSX bought HCM. UC Health bought HCM, along with Supply Chain, ERP and EPM. Nemours bought ERP and Supply Chain and replaced their Workday HCM with Oracle Fusion HCM. Molina Healthcare bought HCM. Sensium Technologies bought HCM. Ford Motor Company dramatically expanded their Oracle Fusion HCM Cloud implementation, as did Kaiser Health, another big expansion of their -- Kaiser's Fusion HCM Cloud implementation. Keurig Dr Pepper bought our CX products, marketing, Fusion Sales, Fusion service. IKEA expanded dramatically their implementation of Fusion service. Micro Focus bought Fusion Marketing, Fusion service, Fusion Sales and Fusion e-commerce. Banco de Chile bought Fusion Marketing and Fusion service.  Comcast bought Fusion Sales. Cargill bought Fusion Marketing. Thermo Fisher bought Configure, Price, Quote. Motorola bought Configure, Price, Quote. And Participia [ph] bought Fusion Marketing, Fusion Sales and Fusion e-commerce. Okay, that's the application part of our business.  I'm going to spend -- I'm going to give you a little more detail about our infrastructure business being driven by our database business. Our Autonomous -- our new Autonomous Database. Oracle has long been the market share leader in the database business. This quarter, our overall database business, both cloud and on-premise, grew 5%, with our cloud database business growing in triple digits. We have an enormous technology advantage with our Autonomous Database. And we expect our database growth rates to accelerate from that 5% number we experienced this past quarter as customers transition from legacy databases to the Autonomous Database in the cloud.  I'm going to give you quite a bit of detail on a number of these wins that we think are strategic and very important to give you a sense of how much momentum our infrastructure business is beginning to pick up. Nomura in Japan made a $20 million commitment to the Oracle Cloud. They are moving their production systems handling mission-critical transactions to the Oracle Cloud. These are the applications that service a number of large-scale financial institutions. It's a very big commitment from Nomura.  Fiserv similarly made an $8 million commitment to move their payments applications into Oracle's Gen2 infrastructure. They'll be using both our public cloud and our Cloud at Customer. This allows Fiserv to gain tremendous ongoing cost savings as they benchmark our cloud versus the clouds from competitors. WorkForce Software is the SaaS -- made a $4 million commitment. They're moving their SaaS application to the Oracle Gen2 public cloud. Their application helps customers digitally manage time and labor. They will move out of their own data centers to the Oracle Gen2 public cloud because after a good deal of testing, they got better performance from the Oracle public cloud, better security and a huge reduction in cost for them.  Gap has made a $6 million annual commitment to the Oracle Cloud. They're moving their retail applications. Their most critical workloads will move into the Oracle public cloud. And they will leverage our new interconnect with Microsoft Azure and the Azure public cloud. Manhattan Associates is moving their warehouse and asset management system, their SaaS application into our cloud, and they're expanding that business. T-Mobile is moving into our Gen2 public cloud for their mission-critical Lendlease application to manage financing mobile device sales for both T-Mobile and now Sprint.  This one is really interesting. Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation 98% of all global trades go through -- global trades through any accredited brokerage firm, settle and clear using Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation's repository trading system. DTCC is migrating their multi-terabyte Amazon AWS Redshift system out of Amazon and into our public cloud using the Oracle Autonomous Database. They're also moving their analytics from Amazon to the Oracle Analytics suite.  Sonoco, international provider of diversified consumer packaging products, is migrating their e-business suite, their product life cycle management, integration, analytics, all of that to our public cloud. National Bank of Canada is migrating all of their Oracle databases running on IBM pSeries to Oracle's Generation 2 Cloud at Customer.  Norfolk Southern has decided to move their entitle warehousing environment away from Teradata and away from Microsoft SQL Server to the Oracle database in our Gen2 public cloud. They will also use the Oracle Analytics Cloud for visualization. I just wanted again to give you some ideas of the big wins that we're getting. And with customers moving away from Microsoft SQL Server, away from AWS, away from Workday and into using our -- into our cloud using both our applications and our infrastructure. It has been a very exciting quarter for us. We had some huge wins.  And with that, I'll turn it back to Ken.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Operator, if we could please queue up the audience for questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. 
Heather Bellini: I was just wondering, Safra, Larry, if you could talk a little bit about the rebound that you mentioned that you can start seeing show up in the numbers, in particular, around your database business. I know in Q1, you called out a little bit of dislocation, and it looks like things are starting to progress in the direction that you've been telling us about. But is there anything you could share with us to kind of give us more detail about what exactly you think is driving this? Is it things like OCI, for example, as well? And then how -- Safra, you mentioned that you might be able to share with us in May when you get a little more stability in the picture from a macro perspective kind of how you see this progressing, but any high-level thoughts you would be comfortable sharing with us now about kind of the acceleration that you're seeing in terms of how we should think about it going forward?
Safra Catz: Okay. So I will start and then, Larry, you can add what you'd like. Obviously, the power of having great products is what overwhelms everything. And the momentum we have with Autonomous Database and the more and more success, all of these projects start as small projects and expand very dramatically. Our average consumption rate is just increasing dramatically, and it's the result of Autonomous Database being incredibly powerful and very, very popular with our customers.  In addition, the database itself, database license, the technology business, which I had mentioned earlier in the year, we had a little reorg in North America, a few things like that, that is really chugging. In fact, it probably would have been even better but for this coronavirus showing up at the end of the quarter. Basically, the last week in February, market was down a lot, and so I expected but for this coronavirus for Q4 to be really impressive. By assuming that we have some stability in the economy globally, I will be sharing with you the fact that it's a bigger and bigger number. That consumption revenue is going way, way up. And that this entire subscription side of the business, the infrastructure subscription side of the business is just getting bigger and grows and grows. So overall, good products, good services lead to success for our customers and then adoption takes care of itself. I don't know, Larry, if you want to add anything to that.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I want to amplify on what Safra means by great products. So Autonomous Database really is a unique product. There is no human labor. Therefore, there's no human error. So it's a combination of -- Autonomous Database costs a lot less to run because human beings don't do the driving. The Autonomous Database drives itself. So there's no labor associated with running the Autonomous Database. And if there's no human labor, humans can't make mistakes that cause security vulnerabilities. That's one big thing.  But another big thing that people may not know about Autonomous Database, it is both serverless and elastic. What I mean by that is when your application isn't running on the Oracle public cloud, you don't pay for any CPUs. You got no CPUs dedicated to you. When your application isn't running, you're not paying for servers. That is not true of Amazon's databases. If you have Redshift, you pay for the Redshift processors. If you have their MySQL implementation, you pay for those processors. We're not only serverless, we're instantaneously elastic. So if you suddenly need to go from 2 servers or 2 cores to 20 cores, we do that instantaneously while the database is still running. And then when you don't -- no longer need the 20 cores, we automatically go back to the 2.  So it literally is the promise of the cloud. It's serverless when it's not running, and it's fully elastic so you only pay for what you use. What this has translated to is people benchmark us. They actually bring an application to Oracle and they bring an application to AWS. They are shock to find that we are much, much less expensive than AWS even though we're more secure and we're faster. And once they discover that, once they do a trial and they do a comparison and they discover that, they're picking us. And some of the interesting ones that are picking us are some of the SaaS application providers, and that's their business. Their business is to run applications. And they try all of the different clouds. And we are the most secure cloud, the highest-performing cloud, but maybe most importantly, the most economical cloud. So we're winning more and more business, and we expect this trend to continue.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Brad Zelnick with Crédit Suisse. Brad?
Brad Zelnick: Larry or Safra, I just wanted to ask a question about the hardware business, which I know isn't typically in focus for most investors, but I know many customers have been anxiously anticipating the availability of Autonomous Database to be supported on Cloud at Customer. So my question is, can you give us any sort of update on the impact that supply constraints might be having on the hardware business? And in any way, can that impact the availability of Autonomous to be shipping on Cloud at Customer?
Safra Catz: So there was a little bit of an impact actually in Q3 as certain components were in short supply. And so in fact, once again, Q3 would have been even higher but for some shortages in components to our suppliers and to our suppliers' suppliers as a result of the coronavirus in China. I think that we're trying to work through all of that, and we'll see what the availability is in Q4. We think we -- some impact may continue, but my guidance on this does include our ability to deliver some but not all of what we could possibly sell in Q4.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I'd like to comment as well. Our Exadata cloud -- database Cloud at Customer product is actually made up of the same components as conventional servers. Therefore, we can reallocate the parts away from the conventional servers into the Exadata machines. So -- and the Exadata machines are much higher value because they have a much larger software component to them when we sell them, and the Exadata machines are Gen2 Cloud at Customer. So I think you'll see us -- if we have to do some reallocation away from plain old commodity servers into our Exadata machines, and thereby, if there is a shortfall, it should be in the lower -- the less expensive commodity servers, less profitable commodity servers and the high-value, high-margin Cloud at Customer servers, we're going to do -- work very, very hard to meet all of those orders.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Phil Winslow from Wells Fargo.
Philip Winslow: Congrats on a great Q3. I just wanted to focus in on the apps business. Obviously, Safra, you called out the acceleration there but also some pretty strong growth rates, ERP Cloud, 38%, HCM Cloud Fusion, 27%. So 2 questions here. First, what's actually driving this growth? Is this your existing customers flipping over from on-premise to the cloud? Or is it net new customers to Oracle? And I guess a question for Larry, too. What are you hearing about sort of why customers are choosing you? Or how much is the breadth of your ERP suite impact that buying decision?
Safra Catz: So let me just say -- sorry. First of all, let me just answer your exact question, which is, yes, yes, yes, yes. Is it new customers? Yes. Is it upgrading customers from e-business suite? Yes. Is it taking customers from our biggest competitors? Yes. Is it replacing out some of our SaaS competitors? Yes. It is all those things. All right. Now I'll let Larry talk. Go ahead.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. Well, again, this is back to the maturity of our product, the combination of we think we have the best technology. Our products are built on top of our database, which is faster and more secure than other databases, so we think our applications inherit those capabilities. But our applications are also built on top of technologies like our voice digital assistant. So we have -- so when we do a demonstration against Workday, and Workday has long claimed to have a better UI than Oracle, and they'll show their computer interface. And we'll say, "I don't think they have a better UI," and you just talk to your smartphone and you get your reports and you do your transactions by talking -- by saying Oracle and not Alexa, you say, "Oracle, how many vacation days do I have? Oracle, I'd like to schedule a 1-week vacation starting August 17."  And so we make our applications much more accessible with a much more modern user interface, taking away -- showing the technology difference between us and a company like Workday. The biggest advantage we have against Workday and SAP, I would argue, is that our applications are built on top of our infrastructure. SAP doesn't have an infrastructure cloud. Workday doesn't have an infrastructure cloud. Workday doesn't have a digital -- a voice digital assistant. Workday doesn't have an autonomous database. Workday doesn't have integrated machine learning to detect fraud and to detect security intrusions. They don't have those technologies. Our applications inherit all of those advantages, and it allows us to compete very effectively against them from demonstration to deployment.  And finally, we have this very, very broad suite where it's going to be very difficult for a company like Workday to build out everything from CX to HCM to ERP and supply chain and manufacturing. So it's very difficult for a small company to do that. And it's very difficult finally for SAP to do that because they haven't started yet. They haven't started writing for the cloud. So we're winning everywhere in applications. We have a suite. We have the most modern technology. We have the best security and the best performance. We're doing very well, very, very well against all of our application -- competitors in the back office and HCM and ERP. And we're making some progress against Salesforce though they are a -- but they're a very formidable competitor in the front office. That's a different competitive dynamic.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays Capital.
Raimo Lenschow: Can you talk a little bit, like we're obviously in uncertain times but you guys have been in uncertain times before. So can you maybe contrast a little bit Oracle today with its recurring revenue stream whether there's -- where we were in 2008, where this -- and where we were in 2001? And then also talk a little bit about what you see on renewals around the database but also the cloud.
Safra Catz: Yes. So as I pointed out in my opening remarks, the percentage of our revenue that is recurring, which is generally the support business and our cloud business, which is -- just continues year after year building off a growing base is a very, very large percentage. This past quarter in Q3, it was 71% of the quarter. By the way, in Q1, it will be a very large percentage because there isn't a big chunk. And in this next quarter is the quarter that it is historically, Q4, it's historically the lowest as a percentage because our transactional business is the biggest. Last year, it was 61%. Assuming it does, at least what -- at least what this quarter did and I expect it to be actually a little bit more, it would be about 63% at a minimum because this was 2 points. I expect it to actually be more.  So we have much less variability in -- especially like I remember 2001 when the Internet bubble imploded. That was just a totally different world. At that point, our license revenue was a very large percentage of our business. And at that point, it dropped very significantly because it had been, some would say, inflated or very high during the Internet bubble because of those kind of companies. Our business now is strategic and central to the operations of our customers, whether it's our SaaS products on which they run their businesses or it's the infrastructure and the database. The database is very strong, and it remains strong. Our tech business is very strong. And now that we've gotten everything sort of organized correctly in the past few months, it's really starting to show the power of our business.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I'd like to add a couple of comments. One is just to reiterate what Safra said, our business is much -- is not a onetime license business very much anymore. This past quarter, 71% of the business that we had in the quarter was contracted before the quarter began. So these are just ongoing subscriptions. That's very close to accurate.  The other comment is -- we've got all this recurring business. The other comment is our business model has changed radically in that we used to have lots and lots of small offices spread all over the place. And we've gone away from those small offices spread all over the place to a hub model, where we have a big office in Austin, Texas, big office in California. We have these hubs, and we do digital selling. We do digital support. We're communicating with you across the Internet. We do demonstrations where we're not necessarily there. We're just -- we're demonstrating our products to you, selling our products to you. We're doing implementation consulting out of India. We're doing implementation consulting out of the Philippines where the people aren't going on site.  So our model, our business model, selling and services are more and more provided digitally. Our revenue model, more and more of it is subscription-based and reoccurring. So our business has changed radically from the time of the Internet bubble, from 2001, from 2008. It's a very different situation.
Operator: And our next question is a line from Mark Moerdler from Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Congratulations on the quarter. You increased your buyback authorization this quarter. How should we think about how you will use the buyback given the market downturn? Also, how should we think about your ability to support the dividend, expand the dividend, given the economic downturn? It seems to be a very positive statement you're making. I'd like to get whatever color you can on that.
Safra Catz: There's no question we can support our dividend with ease, okay. And any kind of increased dividend, we could support that. Also, I mean our business is very strong, as is obvious. It generates very large amounts of cash. We believe, as you can tell, I'm not going to comment on future buyback, but obviously, you can tell we have been buying back our stock. We think it's an incredible deal. It's basically gone on clearance sale in the past few days, and we think it's an enormous -- it's a fantastic investment. And it reduces the number of outstanding shares or otherwise known as partners we have to share our very good profits with.  So our business has hit an obvious inflection. I've mentioned that it would accelerate in the second half. I never would have imagined that we would have the kind of reaction worldwide by companies and governments. So I really -- I've done my best at modeling what Q4 will look like. To the extent that next year is -- that this stabilizes, I believe we will be just continuing on in our -- we've changed our model and it's becoming obvious. So I think our stock is obviously a bargain. It was a bargain before, and we are authorized to buy back, and we will let you know after we have done it.
Operator: And our final question comes from Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits: Nice to see strong results, particularly in a tough time. I want to come back to applications. Applications accelerated in this quarter and Fusion apps continue to grow at high rates. Is there anything left in terms of headwinds that could keep you from seeing further acceleration in app subscription this year and next? And where do you think that growth rate could end up for this year?
Safra Catz: The business is fantastic, okay? It's obviously accelerating. The base of the business keeps growing. We are winning, we are winning constantly. The products are – it gets stronger every quarter, and it really ultimately is well on its way. Larry, I'm sorry, I interrupted you.
Lawrence Ellison: No. I was going to say, in applications, the new news is, I mentioned it last quarter, that we are engaged with lots, more than 10 of SAP's very largest customers. In terms of doing -- actually looking at taking a couple of divisions of these very large companies. And we're talking about American companies, Asian companies, German companies, large German companies that are giving us divisions to put Fusion into. And there is -- one company has given us multiple divisions because the question they're trying to answer is, "Can I replace all of SAP throughout my company with Fusion? And you're just doing one division in my company, it isn't enough. I need you to do multiple divisions within my company."  So we have lots of examples of that, believe it or not, with the most famous companies in the world. SAP -- it is astonishing to me that SAP's largest customers are now looking at moving away from SAP because SAP never moved to the cloud. They never rewrote their applications. Ask them a very simple question. Is that code the same code you had 35 years ago? SAP's programming language, by the way, SAP's -- they're still programming in a language called ABAP. It's their proprietary programming.  We program in Java, but they program in ABAP. This is a 35-year-old technology. They never rewrote for the cloud. Their largest customers are aware of that. They are looking at us, and I have never seen -- except in the early days when we had the first commercial relational database and Oracle grew its franchise, which really created our brand, the Oracle brand, I've never seen an opportunity like this to take out the winner of the on-premise ERP wars. They beat us in the on-premise wars, and it looks like -- and they missed the cloud entirely. So the scale of this opportunity is enormous. We're getting real deals signed with their largest customers. We're implementing divisions and their largest customers will -- we have a -- by this summer, some huge SAP customers going live, live on Oracle Fusion applications that we'll be announcing this summer. It's not that we just started working with them, we started working with them 18 months ago. And we're taking their first division, it will be live this summer. So the scale of this opportunity is just enormous. And that's going to help drive our growth -- our applications growth higher than we ever dreamed it could be.
Operator: And with that, I would like to turn the call back over to Ken Bond for any closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Sure. Thank you. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow-up questions from this call, and we look forward to speaking with you. With that, let me turn it back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-12-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle’s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. Ken?
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s second quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we’ll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. But before I start, I’d like to acknowledge and thank you all for the many, many sincere condolences we received upon Mark’s passing. Thank you. They mean a lot to us. As you can see, we had another solid quarter. This quarter, we finished with total revenue growth within my guidance range and EPS at the high-end. Cloud Services and License Support continue to see material growth, and given that it represents more than 70% of our total revenue, it more than offsets declines in some smaller non-strategic businesses. We continue to be encouraged that our overall revenue growth will further accelerate, as we reach the final stages of this ongoing shift in business mix. Of late, I’ve been spending much more time with customers. The overriding theme I hear is the compelling nature of our technology and how it is critical to the success of their businesses: feature-rich, simple, secure, performant and priced right. They see Oracle as being strategic to their ongoing operations, and they tell me repeatedly that Oracle is the right partner to run their mission-critical assets, both in the cloud and on-premise. Their comments reinforce our conviction that our product strategy is right. At Oracle, we’ve upgraded our internal systems to the cloud, and we are sharing our experience with customers by describing the stunning benefits and efficiencies that can be realized from the move and know we have thousands of customers and references, our own experience, adopting Oracle Cloud applications and infrastructure allows us to serve as a unique and knowledgeable adviser to customers who want to know how to go about their own digital transformation. To give you some context, let me share just a few of the many benefits we are seeing in our business. With Fusion ERP Cloud, we are now able to close our books and report earnings in 12 days or less. Many companies don’t report their results for weeks. And not only can we get our results out faster, but we’ve saved money, too. By using the AI and processes in Fusion ERP Cloud, we have been able to eliminate more than 30% of our manual accounting activities. And enabled by Fusion HCM Cloud, we have seen employee satisfaction levels soar with all-time high rates for things like hiring and onboarding new employees. We’ve also made it easier for our managers and employees, as Fusion HCM reduces the time needed to complete the talent review process by more than 70%. And separately, we’re saving more than 20,000 hours of manager time each year with our accelerated job offer process. In sales, we’re using our front-office cloud platform, augmented with machine learning and our own Data Cloud to help our salespeople sell more and sell more quickly. With Marketing Cloud, campaign planning now takes days rather than weeks. And with built-in machine learning, we’ve seen a doubling in lead conversion. We automatically capture millions of activities in Sales Cloud each year. And with CPQ Cloud, ordering is much faster and easier, with over 70% of our transactions fully automated. We needed that to handle the increased volumes of transactions as a result of our customers move to the cloud. In addition, we’ve adopted the Gen2 Infrastructure, including Autonomous Database for our custom apps. Our internal IT costs to run these systems are down by millions, while at the same time, we are adopting more than 100 new features each quarter. Here at Oracle, we are going to continue using our own cloud technology as an intelligent automation engine and continue to simplify our business model and processes. In turn, I expect that our revenue growth rates will increase and see even more expense efficiencies. And as a result, I expect that you will see us expand our margins and grow EPS double digits for the foreseeable future. Now on to the numbers. I’ll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates unless I state otherwise. Currency Q – for Q2 was largely in line with my guidance at nearly 1%, and the fact that the growth rates look the same in a few categories is simply because of rounding. Total Cloud Services and License Support revenues for the quarter were $6.8 billion, up 3%, accounting for over 70% of total company revenues and most of this is recurring revenue. Cloud and on-premise license revenues were $1.1 billion, down 7%, as more of our GBU customers order cloud instead of license. In terms of ecosystem, GAAP application ecosystem revenues were $2.9 billion, up 4%, with Fusion apps up in the low-30%s, including Fusion ERP up 38% and Fusion HCM up 23%. NetSuite ERP was up 28%. Vertical SaaS was up low double digits, while Data Cloud stabilized. On a trailing 12 months basis, more than 90% of our application ecosystem revenue is recurring. GAAP infrastructure ecosystem revenues were $5 billion, up 1%, with total database revenue up 1%, highlighted by BYOL and Autonomous Database revenues, both up over 200%. But off a small base for now, on a trailing 12-month basis, more than three quarters of our infrastructure ecosystem revenue is recurring. Just a few days ago, we were able to get our first Gen2 Exadata Cloud@Customer fully deployed and connected. It was done in just four days. Previously, with our Gen1 architecture, this typically took significantly longer. As a result, we are very optimistic about the impact our Gen2 Cloud@Customer will have on our business. No other cloud provider has the right technology to actually do this. In terms of geographies, we saw double-digit revenue growth in SaaS revenue in all regions except EMEA, with especially strong results in Latin America and Japan. Gross margin for Cloud Services and License Support was 85%, down slightly from last quarter due to accelerated investments in our Gen2 Cloud to address higher demand worldwide. As we get to scale, I expect our cloud gross margins will grow higher, driving an acceleration in our gross profit growth. By the way, our strategic hardware products delivered on-premise, which includes Exadata, grew double digits for the quarter, once again showing that our installed base of customers focused on our world-leading database platform continues to grow. Total revenue for the quarter were $9.6 billion, up 1% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4 billion, essentially unchanged from last year and operating margin was 42%, down from 43% last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 18.8%, slightly below our base tax rate of 20% and EPS was $0.90 in USD, up 13% in constant currency and 12% in USD. The GAAP tax rate was 17.7% and GAAP EPS was $0.69 in USD, up 15% in constant currency, 14% in USD. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was $13.8 billion. Over the last four quarters, capital expenditures were $1.6 billion and free cash flow was $12.2 billion. We now have approximately $27 billion in cash and marketable securities and short-term net deferred revenue balance is $8.1 billion, down 1% in constant currency due to timing differences in customer payments. Also, the prior year deferred balance was affected by our transition to ASC 606. Gross deferred revenue was up over 1% in constant currency and would have been up over 3%, if not for the ASC 606 transition changes. We remain committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases and prudent use of debt and the dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 91 million shares for a total of $5 billion. Over the last 12 months, we’ve repurchased nearly 500 million shares for a total of $26 billion. And over the last five years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by more than 25%. The Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share. My guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency, assuming current exchange rates remain the same as they are now. Currency should have a 1% negative effect on total revenue and $0.01 negative effect on EPS. So for Q3, total revenues are expected to grow 1% to 3% in constant currency and assuming a 1% currency headwind, total revenues are expected to grow 1% to 3% in USD. Now I realize that my USD and constant currency revenue guidance sound like they’re the same number, but it’s just rounding similar to our revenue growth this quarter. I do expect a currency impact of 1% – of nearly 1%. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow between 10% to 12% and be between $0.96 and $0.98 in constant currency. And assuming a $0.01 headwind, non-GAAP EPS in USD is expected to grow between 9% and 11% and between – and be between $0.95 and $0.97 in USD. Total CapEx for fiscal year 2020 is expected to be around $2.2 billion, but it could move higher based on demand for data center growth. My EPS guidance for Q2 and fiscal year 2020 assumes a base tax rate of 20%. However, one-time tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary from our base tax rate. But I expect that in normalizing for those one-time tax benefits – the tax events, our tax rate will average around 20% in fiscal year 2020. And finally, for fiscal year 2020, I continue to expect that in constant currency, total revenue will grow faster than last year and that we will report double-digit EPS growth for the year. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. As I’ve said before, there are two key product areas that will determine Oracle’s future in the cloud, Cloud ERP Applications and the Autonomous Database. Being the clear number one in both of these two giant applications and infrastructure market segments, we’ll enable the success of our other application and infrastructure products in adjacent market segments. This is already happening in applications. We have a huge lead in Cloud ERP, with over 7,000 Fusion ERP customers and 20,000 NetSuite ERP customers. Our closest Cloud ERP competitors, Workday, and they claim to have a few 100 ERP customers. Workday’s lack of success in Cloud ERP is creating opportunities for Oracle in Cloud HCM. More and more, we’re seeing HCM as being purchased as a part of an ERP cloud application suite. As a result, today, we have more HCM customers than Workday. And we’re beginning to see that same integrated suite strategy beginning to drive our sales of CX customer experience applications in sales and service and in marketing. SAP never rewrote their ERP applications for the cloud. As a result, SAP’s installed base is very vulnerable. We’ve already replaced and successfully migrated many midsized SAP customers from SAP to Fusion ERP. Importantly, a few months from now, in Q1 calendar year 2020, one of SAP’s biggest customers will go live on Fusion ERP. Many of SAP’s largest customers are already working with us to develop plans to migrate the Fusion ERP. SAP’s customer base is up for grabs. They didn’t rewrite their applications for the cloud. That has created an enormous opportunity for Oracle. We’re already declared number one in the Cloud ERP market as measured in market share and our Cloud ERP business is already growing at a rate of over 30%. By offering a safe and compelling alternatives to SAP’s old technology, we can increase our applications growth rate far beyond that 30%. We’re very, very comfortable that we will be the overwhelming winner in this generation Cloud ERP business. Now, let’s look at some application wins in the quarter. Advance Publications, a media company, bought ERP, Albertsons got ERP, EPM and supply chain. C.H. Robinson, Worldwide, a transportation company, bought ERP and EPM. DHL Supply Chain, big German company, bought ERP, EPM and supply chain. Edwards Lifesciences, a medical equipment company, bought ERP. By the way, I’m not mentioning any HCM – associated HCM deals, because I have a separate list for HCM. So a lot of these guys, maybe next quarter, I will put the HCM deals right next to the ERP deal. So you can see, because you’ll – I’ll be repeating a lot of these names when I get to my HCM list, and that’s the point I made earlier that people are now looking at HCM as just another module that we need in the back-office, very important. Edwards Lifesciences bought ERP. Ferguson, a manufacturing firm, bought ERP and supply chain. Global Companies, big energy firm, bought ERP, EPM and supply chain. NCR, financial services, bought ERP, EPM and supply chain. NETSCOUT, telecommunications company, bought supply chain. Mutual Life Assurance bought ERP and supply chain. Southern Star Central Gas Pipeline, big energy company, bought ERP. Technip, another energy company, bought ERP. By the way, SAP is supposed to be very strong in energy. Texas Children’s Healthcare, the hospital bought ERP, EPM and supply chain. Unilever bought ERP and supply chain. Baker Hughes, energy company, bought ERP, EPM and supply chain. Carlson Wagonlit Travel services, ERP, EPM and supply chain. Kuwait Petroleum, energy company, bought ERP, EPM and supply chain. Liberty Global, communications company, ERP, EPM and supply chain. Manpower, the global services company bought ERP, EPM and supply chain. Sherwin-Williams, that’s what they bought ERP, EPM and supply chain. The suite, a lot of people are buying multiple modules, it’s not just ERP, it’s ERP. It’s EPM, Enterprise Performance Management. It’s supply chain. It’s manufacturing. Bank of New York Mellon bought ERP, EPM and supply chain. Airport Terminal Services – I’m sorry, now I’m on my HCM Group. I’m in the HCM Group, they’re all grouped together. Airport Terminal Services bought HCM. Apparel Bosco Retail, HCM. Banque Saudi Fransi bought HCM. CenterPoint Energy, other energy company, bought HCM. Cummins, manufacturing company, HCM. Graybar Electric bought HCM. Hologic, HCM. HUS at the hospital, both of the hospitals in Finland, run by the federal government in Finland bought HCM. Mountaire Farms, HCM. North Atlantic Refining, again, this is my HCM list, big energy company, an SAP stronghold in the energy sector bought HCM from us. Southern Star Central Gas Pipeline, big gas company, Energy, HCM. Technip, energy company, HCM. Tenet Healthcare bought HCM. Texas Children’s Hospital bought HCM and [indiscernible] brought HCM. Birmingham City Council bought HCM. Kuwait Petroleum Corporation, a big energy bought HCM. MEDNAX Health Care, HCM. Phoenix Life Holdings, HCM. In customer experience, Equinix bought service. Ferguson Enterprises bought service. Ferrari bought sales and marketing. IKYA bought service. Nordstrom bought service. PayPal bought marketing. Rabobank bought service and Santander Bank bought service. Okay, let me move on to the other segment, which is Autonomous Database and Gen2 Infrastructure. In the database market, we are the overwhelming number one, with a combination of a dominant share on-premise and very strong market share in the cloud, though, I have yet to see any good data on database market share in the cloud. Our database business is growing very, very rapidly, because we have an enormous technology advantage in the cloud over all of our competitors with Autonomous Database. Autonomous Database is the world’s only Autonomous Database. What does that mean? That means, when you configure the system, you don’t do anything. The system configures itself. Robots configure the system. The recent Capital One lost all that data at AWS is, because one of the Capital One people made a configuration here. You can’t make configuration errors with the Autonomous Database, because human beings don’t configure the system. A lot of these above the fold headlines of people losing their data are caused by human errors. People forget the patch systems. Remember that one. They patched some, but not all of the systems. And Equifax, Equifax it was a patchy stocks [ph] database, didn’t get patched. They didn’t find them all. Guess what? Autonomous Database automatically patches itself when a security flaw is detected And by the way, they detected that security flow at Equifax. They knew about it. They just didn’t get around to patching. Patching is hard. They have to find all the databases. You had to schedule downtime. You don’t schedule downtime with the Autonomous Database. You can’t see Autonomous Database, while the database is still running. But you don’t capture database. The robots, our robots attach the database. That’s why it’s Autonomous. There’s no human labor. So there’s no human error. So if you are willing to pay less and not have that human labor, you get rid of all those mistakes. This is a gigantic technology advantage, by the way, and we’re ten times faster than anything Amazon apps. That means, we’re much cheaper than anything Amazon has. Much safer, much easier to use, build applications faster. So we already have thousands of Autonomous Database customers running in our Public Cloud. We added 2,000 more this quarter. And our Autonomous business, as Safra said, is growing in excess of 200%, Autonomous Database business off a small base. Admittedly, it’s a relatively new product, but it’s on its way to being the most successful new product introduction in our company’s history. Now this triple-digit growth rate, I expect will spike up dramatically because of another thing Safra just mentioned. Our introduction of our Autonomous Database Cloud@Customer, Gen2 Cloud@Customer. Now, when people can start putting Autonomous Database, they’re already – I mean, all our Autonomous Database customers, let me be clear, are in our Public Cloud. A lot of our customers, especially those in regulated markets, big banks, people – government agencies, defense ministries, people have that. They need the Autonomous Database capabilities behind their firewall in their data center. And next – and over the next few months, we’re rolling out this Autonomous Database Gen2 Cloud@Customer. Now all of our cloud competitors are trying to create these outposts of their cloud on the floor – on the floors of their customers. We actually have it working. And in fact, we’re in our second-generation of this. We did it early. We did a reasonable first-generation job, but the second time is a charm. And this new Gen2 stuff was – can be installed in a day. No, the first one we installed in four days. We expect to do that even faster. There’ll be more time spent unpacking the hardware and plugging it in than readying the software, because it just syncs up with our Public Cloud and you’re up and running. This is going to be a huge opportunity for us to dramatically increase the adoption rate on Autonomous Database, very excited about that. The – okay. The – when that happens, we think by any measure, we will be not only have the overwhelming market share lead on-prem, but the overwhelming market share lead in the cloud. We expect to hold onto our database franchise in a big way. So it’s interesting that both of our Autonomous Database and our cloud applications are running in our new Gen2 highly secured infrastructure. And by the end of 2020, by the end of next calendar year, this time next year, I’ll be able to say that we have more Gen2 data centers in more countries than Amazon Web Services has data centers period. We’re adding lots and lots of data centers in lots and lots of countries. And, again, we’ll have more data centers in more countries than Amazon by the end – a year from now, that’s very, very exciting. Now, let’s look at some of our Autonomous Database in Gen2 Infrastructure wins this quarter. Okay. [indiscernible] international big manufacturing firm. Albertson’s, this another – this is more synergy that I’ve got to mention where people buy our applications. They buy our ERP applications. They also build data warehouses associated with those applications. They do a lot of work. So a lot of our application customers are beginning to be infrastructure – Autonomous Database customers and infrastructure customers. So, yes, when you buy ERP, you might also by HCM. When you buy ERP, you’re also going to buy the Fusion Data Warehouse, which is an Autonomous Database product and Infrastructure product. You’re going to buy analytics in our Gen2 data center. You’re going to be an infrastructure customer, as well as an application customer and we see a lot of overlap. We often see see people buying suites of applications, ERP, plus HCM, plus sales and things like that. But also applications plus infrastructure. Aon Financial Services. Biogen bought Autonomous Data Warehouse. Cisco Systems, again, Gen2 Infrastructure and Autonomous Data Warehouse. Clearstream services, same thing, Gen2 Infrastructure Autonomous Data Warehouse. Embraer Aviation, the Brazilian airplane – the aircraft manufacturer, Autonomous Database and Gen2 Infrastructure. Equity Bank of Kenya, Autonomous Database, Gen2 Infrastructure. Fastenal Company, a big distribution company in the United States, Gen2 Infrastructure. Healthcare Services Corp., Gen2 Infrastructure and Autonomous Database. Interact, Gen2 Infrastructure. King Faisal Specialist Hospital & Research Centre, Autonomous Database, Autonomous Transaction Processing. The Core University, Autonomous Database, Gen2 Infrastructure. Manchester, Autonomous Database and Gen2 Infrastructure. MGM Entertainment, Autonomous Database, Autonomous Transaction Processing. Provident Healthcare Services, Autonomous Database, Autonomous Transaction Processing. Schenker Logistics in Germany, Autonomous Data Warehouse. Soar [ph] Gen2 Infrastructure. Swiss Post, Gen2 Infrastructure, Autonomous Data Warehouse. Target, based in the United States, Autonomous Database, Autonomous Data Warehouse. Technip, energy company, but I’ve mentioned that bought I believe, the HCM, ERP, bought the full suite and Gen2 Infrastructure and Autonomous Database. The Boston Globe, Gen2 Infrastructure, Autonomous Database. Thermos, Autonomous Database, Autonomous Transaction Processing. Cybersoft, Autonomous Database. Tideworks Netherlands, Gen2 Infrastructure. Tokyo Gas and Electric, Autonomous Data Warehouse, Gen2 Infrastructure. TriMark USA, Gen2 Infrastructure. Walgreens, Autonomous Data Warehouse, Autonomous Transaction Processing, Gen2 Infrastructure. Wizink Bank, Autonomous Data Warehouse, Gen2 Infrastructure. Zim, the big shipping company, you’ve seen a lot of Maersk, you see them in Zim on lots and lots of containers, Autonomous Database, Autonomous Transaction Processing and Gen2 Infrastructure. AXA Equitable Life Insurance, Autonomous Database, Gen2 Infrastructure. Banco de Chile, Autonomous Database, Autonomous Data Warehouse, Gen2 Infrastructure. Baxter Healthcare, Autonomous Data Warehouse. Cigna Corporate Services, Autonomous Data Warehouse, Gen2 Infrastructure. Eventbrite, Gen2 Infrastructure. Ford Motor Company, Gen2 Infrastructure, Autonomous Database, Autonomous Warehouse. Mary Kay, Gen2 Infrastructure. Samsung Electronics, Gen2 Infrastructure, Autonomous Database, Autonomous Transaction Processing. VeriFone, Gen2 Infrastructure, Autonomous Database and Autonomous Transaction Processing. With that, I will turn it over to the audience for questions.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Thank you, Larry. Holly, if you could please prepare the audience for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is going to come from the line of Michael Turits, Raymond James.
Michael Turits: Hey, good evening, everybody. Safra, it was great to see that you reaffirmed your guidance for the full-year per revenue acceleration and double-digit EPS growth. But with the 3Q guide, it does suggest a very strong fourth-quarter on top of what was the fourth – strong fourth quarter than last year. So can you give us a little bit of visibility into what’s driving that confidence.? And also I know it’s early, but given what that means for fourth quarter, what does it mean in terms of what it implies about fiscal 2021?
Safra Catz: So we’ve got everything finally out and available. And as Larry and I both mentioned, we’ve got Cloud@Customer. We have a lot of orders for that, that we have not deployed yet. So we’ve got a lot of demand there. We’ve got Autonomous Database. We’ve got new versions of Autonomous Database on track. We’ve got the entire Fusion suite rolling even – including all of the additional modules have all been continuously upgraded. So we’ve got an immense amount of demand. And we have enormous pipelines and our conversion rates are increasing. And so the pipe has just expanded so dramatically than I know we’re going to have more bookings, but also previous bookings as those deals are ramping up and more users are using the products were very, very upbeat about the second-half. But even more so next year, we believe that the momentum we will have in the second-half of this year will more than carry through to 2021.
Michael Turits: Great. Thanks very much.
Safra Catz: Sure.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Heather Bellini, Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you so much for the time and I’m going to try and get away with two questions. But I guess, the first one, Safra, as you mentioned about license this quarter, it was a little lighter than what, I think, people were expecting. I know we’re talking about a big base. But if there’s anything you could call out in terms of whether it’s the sales force reorg or just macro or whatever in terms of the results in the quarter on that line. And then I know just covering the company for a while, given the lumpiness historically between Q2 and Q3, I know sometimes deals push from one quarter to the next and typically, it’s better to just average those two quarters. But how do you feel about the outlook for the Q3 license number? And then I just have one follow-up, if you don’t mind.
Safra Catz: I generally feel very good about the Q3 license number, as you said, it is lumpy. The one thing we do have is that the GBUs, which, of course, not a giant part of our license business, but are significant. They have moved and their cloud products have become available. And I do expect that most of the orders for new services in the GBUs will come through as Cloud Services instead of just plain License. But I don’t think that will be as significant. I do expect that licenses, in fact, will be just fine in Q3 other than the GBU piece.
Heather Bellini: Okay. And then just my follow-up. I mean, these calls just still don’t feel the same without Mark being on them. And with all due respect to him to his passing just knowing how hard it is going to be to replace him, I mean, is there anything to share with us regarding you getting some – getting someone to kind of help take his place in some of the responsibilities that you’ve taken over?
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. This is Larry. I know how to answer that question, because I get the question is, so how’s our search for a second CEO guy? Remember, when we announced two CEOs, the first time was people thought that was a bit odd. And so now people are finding that we have one CEO is a bit odd, two CEOs – so it’s so simple. So let me make it very simple. How’s our search going for the new – for a second CEO, we don’t have plans. We have no plans for having a second CEO, it was an unusual situation, where Mark and Safra were an absolutely fantastic team. But we have complete confidence in our existing management team. We’re doing a lot of recruiting and you’ll see a lot of announcements at the next layer down that we’re hiring a bunch of people at the next layer down who are potential CEOs, when both Safra and I retire and which is not anytime soon. And so we’re going to strengthen the management team, but one of the strategies for strengthening that team is not to hire a second CEO.
Heather Bellini: Thank you very much.
Ken Bond: Next question, please. Thank you, Heather.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Brad Zelnick, Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks so much. Larry, the momentum in Autonomous Database is fantastic, growing over a 100% in your Public Cloud. But having been in market now for over a year, I know investors are wondering when we might see an inflection in your financial results from Autonomous. And I appreciate many customers are including some of the required database option in their deals. But now that you’re making it available on Gen2 Cloud@Customer. How should we think about the appetite from your installed base? How material can it be to your financials? And is there anything you might compare it to in Oracle’s history?
Lawrence Ellison: Well, no. I mean, there – either in terms of a technological breakthrough. Well, I guess, we’re the first commercial relational database.
Brad Zelnick: Wow.
Lawrence Ellison: The very beginning, that’s kind of created Oracle Corporation, right? So that we had the very first commercial relational database. We had one before IBM did or anyone else did. So that traded – that turned this company from an idea into the company that manages most of the world’s information. So I would say, Autonomous Database is that same kind of thing. It’s – it is so much different, so much favored to use, so much more reliable than anything else that’s in the market. I think everyone is going to use it. Virtually, everyone is going to use it. Now that said, it is – it takes a while when you introduce an all new products. The good news is, we have a huge installed base here. It takes a while for that – for us to shift a, if you will, a next-gen technology and get people comfortable with it and using it. And that first year, we’ve seen a lot of early adopters. But the early adopters are now in the thousands. And we think eventually the only database will offer, it’s Autonomous Database. It will replace everything else. And by the way, at Autonomous Database, it’s only available in Q4. If we put a cloud in – if we put our cloud in your data center, that’s our Exadata machine and our Middleware machines and all of that is in our storage in your data center and our Public Cloud. So it – we think it will be consumed in one of those two ways and that will replace our entire base. So it means that our existing database business from a financial standpoint will more than double or triple or triple probably is a reasonable estimate to look out. Now, of course, when you are in your business, it’s all about timing. And I wish I could tell you exactly how much will sell over the next 18 months. That’s kind of tricky. Now we don’t have that many data points. We have four quarters of data points. And then the first couple of quarters, it was so new. So we really only have a couple of quarters of data points. All I’ve been saying is none of us ever seen an adoption rate like this before.
Brad Zelnick: Fantastic. Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Phil Winslow, Wells Fargo.
Phil Winslow: Hi, great. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to focus in on the applications business. Obviously, you saw a nice tick back up here quarter-to-quarter in terms of the year-over-year growth rate. I guess, the question to Safra and I guess, Larry, too. What do you think about the sort of the different curves that buildup that business? Obviously, you’ve talked about in the past some of the headwinds from things like Data Cloud and then also some of the wins that we saw on your Fusion, Fusion ERP and NetSuite this quarter? Where are we when we stack all those curves together? Are we past for those headwinds and we’re now looking at sort of acceleration from here? In other words, Q1 was a trough or just help us kind of, Larry, take that up, if you could?
Safra Catz: So let me get started and then Larry can add when he needs to add. So first of all, the Data Cloud has stabilized. I don’t know if it will stay that way, but that was a very significant headwind for us. In that whole business, it has completely stabilized. It grew ever so slightly. Additionally, the adoption in our ERP Cloud is now such that it’s in the thousands. We’ve many, many references. And what happens in our business is that, once you are sort of obviously referenceable, it becomes much, much easier for other potential customers to move ahead. One of the things that had been to some extent leading to a wait-and-see attitude by some historically business suite customers was the adoption of first availability and now adoption of supply chain. Our supply chain now has many, many customers, and so more of our customers are willing and interested in moving. Remember, every single quarter, a 100-plus new features become available. And some of those have been must-have features for extremely happy customers in the business suite. Simultaneously, as Larry mentioned, SAP customers have realized that SAPs’ offerings are not cloud offerings. If you use SAP’s technology, you don’t get a 100 new features every quarter. There’s a simply a hosted offering, which means that we are the obvious choice for customers who are – who want to go through and really adopt a digital approach in their business. And so for us, this is going to be success leads more success. It’s an incredibly virtuous cycle. And as Larry mentioned, what it also means is that additional modules are going with and that’s clearly showing up in our other segments and, of course, HCM, which is obviously a match and then ultimately, the front-office, where we’ve got a lot of new technology rolling out that is being adopted.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I think a lot of SAP’s – again, in the mid-market, where we are replacing a lot of SAP customers and we’ve got them live and we have references. But right at the very impacts of SAP’s customer base, they’re top 50 customers around the world. They’re – looking at this one particular implementation that where we expect to go live in March of next year. And I would describe them as rooting for us. They want to have an alternative to a billion-dollar SAP upgrade. SAP end-of-life, their current stuff in 2025. So if you’re a big SAP customer, you’ve got to make it – that some people have bought – actually bought ahead, actually bought as we’re having in the cloud with no plan – with no really good plan to implement it. It’s a five-year implementation. They’re getting price quotes of a billion-dollars for the upgrade. Imagine going from your existing SAP system, taking out Oracle and replacing HANA and that’s the only change. Basically, that’s the only change and it’s hosted. It’s not cloud. There is no cloud. Anyway, I want to say, well, it’s easy for Oracle and say, go to SAP’s website and try to find the SAP Cloud for ERP. I mean, you can find it for the stuff they bought. You can find it for Callidus, which is on one cloud. You can find it for Ariba, which is on another cloud. You can find it for little SurveyMonkey, and all the stuff that they bought. But they forgot. They forgot to write ERP, that’s your business and they forgot to rewrite ERP there. There are projects that they had to do that whole business by design fails, they canceled it. So there is no cloud option for SAP customers. They can’t go to Workday. Workday can’t even handle mid-market ERP. So we’re at – so believe me, they want an alternatives to SAP, makes sense, right, that they should want an alternative. But we’ve just got to demonstrate that we can safely take these enormous companies to the cloud in a way that they’re not putting their business than any risks. And that’s why this one particular giant implementation they’re watching closely. But by the way, they’re not just watching and waiting. A number of their biggest customers in the heart of German, lots of them are working with – these are German customers the core of SAP are working with us. And taking some of their – moving some of their divisions already on some of their divisions to Oracle’s Fusion to persuade themselves that we can do this safely. They’ve gone that far. They don’t want to continue with its obsolete code. This is – this opportunity is gigantic, because we have one European customer on – competitor on-premise. They don’t have a cloud offering. That’s SAP. And we’ve got one ERP Cloud competitor that just as not doing very well, having a hard time getting their business off the ground. It doesn’t scale there a lot. There are a lot of problems. So we have a chance here to be – to get what used to be in the old world called gates share for ERP and getting – like Microsoft Office to be – the Microsoft Office of ERP, where – and it’s sitting there. And we just have to get this last proof point out to SAP’s largest customers. Yes, we can do this. We can do it safely. And we will be overwhelmingly the largest application company in the cloud.
Phil Winslow: Thank you, Larry.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Mark Moerdler, Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much for taking my questions. Autonomous Database sounds like, it’s really starting to gain traction. Given the shift of sales personnel to selling Autonomous, can you give us some more color specifically? Specifically, are you seeing the customers buying the required modules as license or they including it with the cloud? Are you seeing changes in the size of the customer, size of the pipeline, the time it takes from customer interest to adoption. Any of that would be really appreciated?
Lawrence Ellison: Okay, I’m happy to do that. I think the most interesting thing that’s going on is, we’ve decided to take, if you will, in AWS approach to selling Autonomous Database in the cloud. So we almost prefer selling our $30,000 deal to a $100,000 deal, because in a $30,000 deal, we can close in four weeks. So we think the way to sell Autonomous Database is to get it installed on a project in one of our customers, get it going, help them become successful. And then once they under – once they actually get their hands on Autonomous Database and they have working app, they have working projects, working data warehouses, working transaction processing systems, you start some new land and expand. So we’re selling thousands and thousands of small deals. And some of those deals are already coming back as larger deals. But our approach, again, is to – and most of it is not BYOL, because they’re small. I mean some of it is. Not – yes, some of it is BYOL, but the majority is not BYOL. It was interesting in the early days in ERP. When we had ERP, people moving our e-business suite customers. No, they were new logos. In the early days in Cloud ERP for us, they were new logos. Believe it or not, we’re actually seeing new logos and database. But again, most of them are our customers, but they’re not using their existing licenses. They’re going ahead and using a standard cloud and license, what we call [indiscernible]. They pay us as we get. You pay for what you use. I mean, it’s the promise of the cloud. And we’re getting in thousands of these, because we think the best selling techniques for Autonomous Database is try it, get it running, watch it backs itself up. It upgrades itself. It tunes itself. It configures itself. There’s nothing like it. We just got to win those hearts and minds. And the way to do that is go wide across our entire customer base. That’s what’s going on. And again, it’s working very, very well. I think it’s working very, very well, because we’re seeing just beginning to see the first people coming back and going from $30,000 a month to $600,000 a month.
Ken Bond: Great. Next question, please?
Operator: Our final question for today will come from the line of Kirk Materne, Evercore.
Stewart Kirk Materne: Yes. Thanks very much and thanks for taking the question. Safra, I was just wondering if you could comment on just sort of the geographic landscape for you all. It looked like Europe was perhaps a little bit softer in your other geographies this quarter. Maybe that’s just macro. I was wondering if you could just add a little bit color on sort of what you’re seeing across the different theaters? Thanks.
Safra Catz: Yes. This quarter, EMEA only grew in the single digits. Some of the other regions did grow in the high double digits, some very high double digits. And I think there’s nothing really special going on one way or the other. Some of it’s just the way the quarter falls out for them. But overall, our business remains very strong. And I think that next quarter could be completely different. So it was – it’s really nothing. We’re not seeing a massive change even month-over-month or quarter-over-quarter from what it looked like. Obviously, there are some regions doing very, very well for a number of different reasons as they get to roll out new capabilities. We’ve got a lot of – we’ve got data centers opening and have opened very, very successfully in Latin America and in Asia and in Japan. And so we’ve got a lot of usage and increase in some of those areas, which helped explain some of the big growth in some of those areas. But EMEA, I think, we will see – there’s nothing special, in particular. I have no real color to add and we’ll see what happens after today’s selection in the UK.
Stewart Kirk Materne: Sounds good. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Safra. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking to you. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Holly for closing. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining us for today’s Oracle’s second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-09-12 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. I'd now like to turn today's call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. Ken?
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on short notice. Welcome to Oracle's first quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations' website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and thank you, all, for joining us on such very short notice. Of course September 11th is an important day for our country and for us at Oracle. Many of you know that we lost 11 of our employees and many friends that day and we honor all the victims today and every day. May their memories be a blessing to all of us. We originally planned to hold this call tomorrow. However, as Mark will be taking a leave of absence for health-related reasons, we felt it made sense to share all of our news at once. Mark was extremely engaged with the business through the end of the quarter, but now he needs to focus on his health and taking care of himself. As the three of us have always worked as a team on managing Oracle, Larry and I will cover Mark's responsibilities during his absence with support from the rest of our strong management team. Now, switching to the first quarter, I will review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates unless I state otherwise. And though the effects of the currency movements in Q1 were modestly more than expected with a 1.3% headwind to total revenues and $0.01 headwind to earnings per share, both results were in line with my guidance range. Total Cloud Services and License Support revenues for the quarter were $6.8 billion, up 4% and accounting for nearly three quarters of total company revenues and most of all of this revenue is recurring. Cloud and On-Premise License revenues were $812 million, down 6% coming off 15% license growth last quarter. And as a reminder, because Q1 is normally our smallest quarter, we tend to see more volatility in new software license growth rates in Q1. In terms of ecosystems, GAAP applications ecosystem revenues were $2.8 billion, up 3% with Fusion apps up nearly 40% including Fusion ERP, up mid-40s and Fusion HCM up low 30s. NetSuite ERP was up in the mid-20s. Vertical SaaS was up high single-digits while Data Cloud was down in the low teens. On a trailing 12-month basis, more than 90% of our application ecosystem revenue is now recurring. GAAP infrastructure ecosystem revenues were $4.8 billion, up 3% with total database revenue up similarly highlighted by BYOL and Autonomous Database revenues, both up triple digits, but also small base for now. On a trailing 12-month basis, more than three quarters of our infrastructure ecosystem is now recurring. In terms of geographies, we saw double-digit revenue growth in cloud revenue in all regions, with especially strong results in Latin America and Asia Pacific. The gross margin for Cloud Services and License Support was 86%. And as we continue to scale and grow, I expect our cloud gross margins will go higher, driving an acceleration in our gross profit growth. Total revenues for the quarter were $9.2 billion, up 1% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $3.8 billion, up 4% from last year; and the operating margin was 42%, up from 41% last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was at 9.8%, slightly below our base tax rate of 20% and EPS was US$0.81 and up 16% in constant dollar and 14% in US$. The GAAP tax rate was 13.9% and GAAP EPS was US$0.63 and up 13% in constant currency and 11% in US$. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was $13.8 billion. Over the last four quarters, capital expenditures were $1.7 billion and free cash flow was $12.2 billion. We now have approximately $36 billion in cash and marketable securities and the short-term deferred revenue balance is $10.9 billion. As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisition, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 89 million shares for a total of $5 billion. Over the last 12 months, we've repurchased 611 million shares for a total of $31 billion. And over the last five years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by more than 25%. The Board of Directors increased the authorization for share repurchases by an additional $15 billion and again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share. My guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currencies. Assuming, current exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have a 1% negative effect on total revenue and $0.01 negative on EPS. Of course, that could change. So, for Q2, total revenues are expected to grow 1% to 3% in constant currency. And assuming a 1% currency headwind, total revenues are expected to grow from 0% to 2% in U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow between 10% to 12% and be between $0.88 and $0.90 in constant currency. And assuming the $0.01 headwind, non-GAAP EPS in U.S. dollars is expected to grow between 9% and 11% and be between US$0.87 and US$0.89. For fiscal 2020 and the third consecutive fiscal quarter, I expect that we will report double-digit EPS growth in constant currency. Total CapEx for fiscal year 2020 is expected to be around $2.2 billion, but it could move a little depending on our bookings, and how much we need to invest to accommodate them. My EPS guidance for Q2 and fiscal 2020 assumes a base tax rate of 20%. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary from our base tax rate. But I expect that in normalizing for these onetime tax events our tax rate will average around 20% for fiscal year 2020. I'm turning the call over to Larry for his comments, who will spend a little time highlighting some of the key wins we had during the quarter with emphasis on back-office applications, and then talk about autonomous database.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. As you're already aware, our back-office applications business has been reporting excellent growth for a number of quarters now. And we have a massive opportunity ahead of us in both ERP and HCM. Not only do we have an enormous installed base of existing ERP and HCM customers, who can operate to the cloud, but more than half of the current ERP and HCM market is served by companies, who have no SaaS upgrade path. These companies products are vulnerable to being replaced, and we're in the process of replacing them. Our investments in Fusion has not only enabled our strong back-office results over the last few years, but they've positioned us to become not just the biggest back-office player in the cloud, which we already are but the biggest back-office player period. Cloud on-premises all of it. So with that, here are some key Fusion ERP wins from Q1. DP World, Shaw Communications, Bangkok Bank of Thailand, who's upgrading their e-business suite with our Fusion Financials Cloud Service and our Fusion Financial Enterprise Performance Management, Envision Healthcare where we beat Workday and we're replacing Envision Healthcare's legacy system, which is an Infor Lawson system. Express Scripts who's in the process of migrating from Hyperion on-premise to the Fusion EPM in the cloud this is their first cloud application. Lyft who's operating a portion of their ERP system that was – started out as NetSuite but is now Fusion as they plan for growth going forward. Media newsroom another competitive win against Workday. National Oilwell Varco in a nice expansion both their EPM and supply chain management that we closed last year. So they're just – they're adding more products, they're adding – adding more of our overall Fusion suite. NGL Energy Partners has also bought our Fusion ERP suite and supply chain management. Penn National Gaming is an online gaming company and that was a competitive win against the unnamed German company located at a town called Waldorf. Standard Group Limited a large garment manufacturer where we beat that same Waldorf German Company. Southern Company is a utility that was running E-Business Suite and PeopleSoft E-Business Suite Financials and PeopleSoft HCM and they're moving to the Fusion Cloud suite overall Financials HCM everything. Continuing, we've got some great – some great additional just HCM wins. BAE Systems chose Fusion HCM to upgrade their HR technology and standardize on the cloud. Dubai Holdings where we're expanding our relationship by adding both Fusion HCM and Taleo for recruiting. Envision Healthcare is adding infusion HCM to the already-purchased Fusion ERP suite. A very large transportation entity in the U.K. an airport who is a long-term E-Business Suite customer is moving from on-premise to the Fusion suite in the cloud. Here's a company everyone's always heard of and probably has visited many times McDonald's. McDonald's chose our HCM. They chose our payroll. And they -- this was a battle between us and Workday. We won. And we're displacing their on-premise legacy system. Nestle; Southwest Gas where we're displacing SAP and we beat Workday, as Southwest Gas decided to move from SAP on-premise to the cloud and they picked us. The University of Texas and we're actually engaged with them on not only providing cloud technology, but also consulting support to migrate them from PeopleSoft on-premise to the Fusion HCM in the cloud. And it's just not a bunch of customer wins that marks our success. Industry analysts including IDC are taking notice as they survey their customers. In the 2019 SaaS/PaaS survey that IDC released in May of 2019, it surveyed over 1,500 of their SaaS customers on their experience with all SaaS vendors including Oracle, SAP, Salesforce, Workday, Microsoft all of them. Oracle SaaS had the highest rating among all SaaS vendor survey period. So you can see we're at the beginning of a back-office upgrade cycle that will benefit our applications ecosystem for years to come. We're already overwhelmingly the largest ERP system in the cloud. And again, it won't be long before we're just the largest ERP supplier period. The second area I'd like to talk about is the Autonomous Database, because we think this is a game changer. All right game changer interesting term. It sounds like a cliché a little bit of marketing hype. Let me explain how important this is. Autonomous technology is the key element that differentiates a second-generation cloud from a first-generation cloud. Now in the first-generation cloud, your real benefit was you were going to rent computers and you only pay for what you use. And the benefit of a second generation -- and not so great benefit, obviously the first-generation cloud pay for what you use when you use it. Second-generation cloud, not only do we deliver the benefits of pay per use, we also take the human labor out of running the cloud. That's an even bigger economic savings. Sharing computers and renting computers is not as costly as paying for the labor to run those computers. So from an economic advantage, a second-generation autonomous cloud is much less expensive to run than a first-generation cloud. But that's not what's really important. What's really important is the second-generation autonomous cloud prevents data theft, which you can never do in a first-generation manual cloud. Let me point out how reasonable Amazon was when they refused to accept responsibility for the configuration errors made by the people at Capital One. They have a policy so you have control of your data. You have control of your system. You are responsible for running your system. And if you make mistakes, it's on you, it's not on us. That is not an unreasonable position. When you have a totally manual system and your users are responsible for configuring the system, when your users are responsible for backing the system up, when your users are responsible for encrypting the data, when your users are responsible for patching the systems, user errors can lead to catastrophic results. In a manual system, there's no way to prevent that. In an autonomous system, the Capital One data breach could never have happened, because the Oracle Autonomous Database doesn't let a human being configure the system, it configures itself automatically. The Oracle Autonomous Database system doesn't ask human beings to patch it to close security holes. The system automatically patches itself while running. The Oracle Database doesn't ask if you want to back it up or if you want to encrypt your data, it does all of this automatically while it's running. The only way you can prevent data theft is to eliminate human error. The only way you can do that was with an Autonomous Database and we have one and our competitors don't. This is a very big deal. What's the greatest thing about autonomous driving? I was looking forward to autonomous driving. Then they've seen the threat to Uber and all this other stuff. But okay, that's all interesting. The greatest thing about autonomous driving, it's going to reduce human pilot error and cut down on accidents by 90%, 95%, 98%, 99%. It's going to save lives. It's going to stop, come close to eliminating pilot error. The Oracle Autonomous Database, the Oracle self-driving database prevents users from making catastrophic mistakes resulting in data loss. And there is no way to do it in a manual cloud, end of story. That's what I mean by game changer. You want to prevent data theft, you better be prepared to pay less, because we take the labor out, huge cost savings and there are no human beings involved and they can't make those common mistakes. All right. So we're still early on in the Autonomous Database in terms of -- it's only been around -- we announced it in Open World 2017 two years ago and really showed up in 2018 and now we're beginning to get some traction with this exciting new technology. It's proving to be the most exciting and successful new product offering in the history of our company. So here -- I got it. I'm sorry, am I missing? I'm curious – sorry, I got it. All right. So here's some recent data. In Q1, we added more than 3,700 new Autonomous Database trials. We now have over 2,000 customers, paying customers for the autonomous database. We're seeing incredible pull-through with the autonomous database. And you come to Oracle -- the Oracle Cloud to use the Autonomous Database and then you use a variety of other services. About 45% of the people who are using Autonomous Database are also using our Oracle Analytics Cloud. By the way they're also using Microsoft analytics, they're using Cognos, they're using a variety of other tools. But primarily, they're using Oracle Analytics. We've added many customers to Autonomous Database that weren't Oracle customers at all. 13% of the people using Autonomous Database had never bought a database from Oracle Corporation. 43% of the workloads that are going on to Autonomous Database are net new. They're not moving them from on-premise to the Autonomous Database, but half of them move from on-premise to Autonomous Database. Almost the other half 43% are just net new applications. We've had some fabulous wins in the quarter. Obviously, I'm not going to mention all it. We have over 500 wins, Autonomous Database wins in the quarter. I'm not going to mention all 500. But 7-Eleven is moving all their point-of-sale data to the Autonomous Data warehouse Cargojet Canada, Johnson Controls, LATAM Airlines is moving their on-premise data centers to OCI to get the advantage and security of the Autonomous Database. Siemens Energy, Stanley Black & Decker getting much faster data reporting on their analytics. Oh yeah, and one more company moving to the Autonomous Database is Uber. And with that, let's turn it back to the operator.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Holly before we go to the Q&A, just a couple of clarifications, because I had a couple of e-mails on this. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.8%. And then for fiscal year 2020, we expect for the full year, this will be our third consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth. With that, Holly, why don't we turn up to Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of John DiFucci Jefferies.
John DiFucci: Thank you. I'm sure I speak for everyone just to briefly say that our thoughts and prayers are with Mark and his family at this time. But also knowing Mark for years, I'm sure he'd like us to sort of get back to business, so I'll move right to question here. So, there was -- Cloud Services and License Support was strong this quarter, but License was not as strong as we modeled it anyway. And I realize it's a seasonally slow first quarter and you said it follows the strongest and yes really strong fourth quarter as strong as we've seen in quite some time. But is there anything else you can share on that line, any further color? For instance, BYOL has got a lot of traction right? And could that cause your financials just to start to trend more seasonally sort of like it used to? I mean it started to get a little more even it's still seasonal, but a little more even. Should we be starting to think of seasonality how Oracle used to be even more seasonal, or we're also hearing you guys you hear it too you hear from some other companies that talk about macro pressure. Are you seeing any of that at all? I'm just curious any color would be helpful.
Safra Catz: Sure. That's easy John. It was actually something very, very simple. First of all, outside of North America, our license was up, up quite a bit in fact internationally. What we had done in North America is we did do a split in the salesforce. We've been telegraphing that we were doing that before we split the North America tech salesforce between selling cloud -- a group selling cloud; and a group selling new licenses. So, the group selling new license was a new group and so I expect that they will more than recover during the year. But that is the only -- that's the only weakness we had and it was simply just a slow start as we reorged the North America tech sales force since we split it. So, there's no macro issue. There's no actual regular issue. And of course the thing is that in Q1, small numbers make a big difference and so they just kind of outsized. But no we don't see anything and that's really all it was.
John DiFucci: Okay. That's really -- that's helpful Safra and that makes sense and sort of we're hearing things about that and just a quick follow-up maybe for Larry. Larry last quarter you had really strong results in the database options and most especially the ones related to the Autonomous Database. I'm just curious in this quarter, again, a seasonally softer first quarter, but can you talk about the options themselves? And I'm thinking more about things like -- my favorite is multi-tenancy, but there's others that are important too.
Larry Ellison: I think multi-tenancy in memory all of the database options that are used with the Autonomous Database I think are selling very, very well. Again the reorg in North America had a great impact on that because those are license sales and then they bring those licenses to the cloud. So, people buy multi-tenant. They buy rack. They buy in memory. They then pick up those options and their existing licenses up and they move them to the cloud. So, some of those sales were delayed because of the reorg, but we think the demand is enormous. And we think the leading indicator is just the number of trials we've signed up in Q1. So, our cloud salesforce in terms of the cloud activity, we had incredible cloud activity. And we expect -- again we signed more than 500 deals Autonomous Database deals in Q1. 3700 new trials the 500 signed paying customers more of them and we expect to double that in Q2. So, we expect to go from well over 1,000 paying customers and that pipeline to just start building. That is the best early indicator. And that will drive not only cloud revenue, but also license revenue because of the options.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
John DiFucci: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brad Zelnick, Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks so much. I'll start just by echoing John's sentiment and wish Mark a very speedy recovery. But getting on with business, I wanted to dig in a little bit to the great momentum that you're seeing in cloud ERP? And you gave a lot of color Larry in your comments, but perhaps if you can help us understand what the demand patterns look like amongst existing customers migrating versus new logo business that you're able to attract. And as well, that market has always been a fragmented market. And is there any evidence that you might be benefiting from consolidation finally in ERP which has so many players that's in the long tail? Thank you.
Larry Ellison: Well, I think -- let me talk about some of the easiest consolidations. We're picking on Lawson. We actually have sales territories which are Lawson Healthcare sales territories. So, we go out there -- the Lawson Healthcare customers and we've rolled up a bunch of those. I'd say about one-third of their customers of Lawson Healthcare customers are in our pipeline, either already converted or in our pipeline. So, we expect to win all of those. We've just added some new sales territories which are Lawson retail territories, which is a combination of our Fusion Financials and our retail merchandising products. And we think that's also a very vulnerable company that Infor really -- well they tried. A lot of people have tried to build cloud systems. It's not easy. I can attest to that. I have lots of scars. But I mean Fusion took 10 years to get going. I mean, it's a big deal. And NetSuite that overnight success took 20 -- been in business over 20 years. Salesforce has been in business over 20 years. It takes a while to build these very complicated systems. And Lawson doesn't really have anything. So we're taking a bunch of their customers. But the one that's extraordinary is that SAP really does not have a true cloud system. SAP is doing some hosting. They don't have a true cloud system. And now we're seeing kind of some of their larger -- not the very largest companies, but some of their medium large companies, go ahead and pick us and we're converting them. But we are in conversations with their very largest -- SAP's very, very largest customers. We're in the middle of converting one of their very, very largest customers. And we think that of course is the huge opportunity. We think we -- right now Oracle and SAP has about half the European market. I'm sorry; it's a very long answer. We have about half -- the two of us have about half of the European market. And the other half of the European market as you say highly fragmented. We started out by targeting the highly fragmented guys who are really weak and vulnerable, but we think the opportunity exists to roll it all up. If you look at our market -- I mean I'm almost afraid to mention what our market share in ERP and the cloud is. What is it, 95%?
Safra Catz: A lot.
Larry Ellison: I mean, I don't know. I mean just, I'm guessing, but I don't know because I don't know of any other cloud ERP system other than NetSuite and Fusion, so maybe 95% is low. I mean, it sound a little crazy. But SAP really did not rewrite their code. They really don't have a cloud system. And we have an opportunity to go after them and just put that aside and then that whole other half of the ERP marketplace which is companies that a lot of people have never heard of. And yes, I think we can consolidate virtually all of that. I mean, I don't know how to describe it. It's a crazy opportunity. You don't see this happen very often.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Phil Winslow, Wells Fargo.
Phil Winslow: Hey, thanks for taking my question and I just wanted to echo Mark just wishing you the speediest recovery and all the best. And to the team, congrats on a solid start to the year. I just wanted to follow up on John's question on the database. One of the questions I get from investors is sort of the trajectory of database because obviously we're getting some metrics from you guys, that's showing an inflection in terms of customers, also just trials out there. How do you think about just I guess the shape of the curve of database growth going forward with all these different levers?
Larry Ellison: Okay. Well, because the growth rate is so extraordinary, we don't -- we're not forecasting it. I mean, when Safra gives you a forecast, she's not forecasting some -- this incredibly steep growth curve in Autonomous Database. So, we're giving you, I would say a conservative point of view especially in terms of Autonomous Database. And – but again, this is the case where we have a technology that nobody else has, A, we are the dominant database supplier on the planet right now. We're bigger than IBM and Microsoft combined. In the previous battles, in the previous war on-premise, we were bigger than Microsoft and IBM combined our two biggest competitors. The cloud based – there are a bunch of open source cloud databases and there is a lot of more specialized, I mean there are probably a dozen of them, or more for that matter. But none of them are autonomous. None of them are secure. None of them task themselves, while running. None of them give you 99.995% availability. I mean, they're – we're 100 times more reliable. I mean seriously a 100x more reliable than these guys. We have the only system that we can pretty much ensure that your data can't be stolen, because you're – because you can't make pilot errors. You can't commit – you can't make mistakes, because all that's – all of those decisions are automated. So, it's another – I mean, so we're sitting in two markets that we have an opportunity of completely dominating and owning. One is ERP, where we've been in it for a while and you actually can see the data – you can actually see the curve and the curve – and the curves – the curve we have enough years of data that you can see the slope of the curve and you can do these market share studies. There are always analyst reports and all that. And we've made great progress in that and you can see it. In the Autonomous Database, all you can do is listen to me talk about this extraordinary technology. And we're so early on in the curve we've got such little data in the curve. I understand – and even we're playing let's wait and see what this turns out to be. But we have this gigantic installed base that's I think going to go with Autonomous Database. But it's not just that it's not safe to go to any other database. That's a pretty good differentiator. And it's our second extraordinary opportunity. ERP back-office in the cloud, Autonomous Database in the cloud, we're successful in those two markets, should be enough to make a living.
Phil Winslow: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Heather Bellini, Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you so much. And again, I'm going to echo everyone's thoughts for Mark and thoughts with him and his family. Just wanted to ask two quick questions. One, if I could, Safra I know John DiFucci asked some questions about the environment. You talked about the North American sales reorg. I was wondering, just you've seen a lot of results since August, early August come in where maybe results haven't been as good as people wide. I'm just wondering if you're seeing – if you saw any elongation in the sales cycles, if there's anything you can share with us there just globally from what you've been seeing. And then secondly, just a question related to OCI and – I know obviously Open World's next week. There'll be a lot of partners to talk to. But a lot of the partners we've been speaking to of late have talked about a real pickup in momentum there. And just wondering, if you can share with us what you're seeing? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Sure. Actually, we feel like we've got a lot of momentum here at Oracle. The issue regarding markets either abroad, or in the United States we're not seeing it. The – we're on very, very positive momentum from a product cycle point of view. Our Fusion products are basically killing it. That's doing amazingly. Autonomous Database and the whole OCI is so compelling. And we are on the field, and we are expanding globally that we have just so much good news happening around the world that we're not seeing the weaknesses. And so to the extent that there are, we just have a lot of company, product, momentum, ourselves, I know that I will not be able to hold Larry back from answering your second question. So I'm just unleashing him in advance of Open World. Go ahead Larry.
Larry Ellison: Okay. So next week at Open World, we're going to be talking about – we started with Autonomous Database in 2018. We continued to make improvements there and speeding it up. And – but we're not at Autonomous Database. At Open World, we'll be announcing a whole bunch of new autonomous services. No one is doing this. But we're not talking about Autonomous Database. So you're going to see a bunch of arguments where we take that same machine learning technology to develop other autonomous services. And we're on our way. I mean, it's our goal to deliver the world's first and only completely autonomous cloud, the most important thing in keeping your data sites. But we'd like -- I mean, you really should have an autonomous operating system. You should have a bunch of autonomous services in that to operate that cloud, so human beings aren't given the opportunity to make mistakes and people can concentrate on building applications rather than managing the plumbing of the cloud, which is complicated and error prone and expensive. So we want to take -- get rid of the expense, get rid of the errors. Starting with Autonomous Database, you'll see a bunch more announcements of new autonomous services in OCI. And OCI is definitely on a roll. If people come to look at Autonomous Database, they look around in the Oracle Cloud and they see our analytics, our compute I can talk about all these other things, but we have -- we really have a second-generation cloud that's highly differentiated from our friends in Amazon or Google.
Heather Bellini: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Moerdler, Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much for taking question. Again, I echo everyone else. Please tell Mark that our thoughts are with him and his family. Larry, Safra given autonomous adoption commentary how good it's going, can you give us some more color based off this quarter on how the revenue lift is occurring as customers moving to the Autonomous Database based on what you're seeing in sales that is going now, how that's trending? And any sense to how to think about how large Autonomous Database revenue is, any color would be appreciated?
Larry Ellison: Well, our approach, I mean, sometimes they're critical of Amazon. Sometimes I'm just -- I try to learn from what they do. I mean they were the innovator in cloud and I give them credit for that. And I think the strategy of land and expand, which is what Amazon has used in marketing their products, so you get in for one project and you're successful on that project, then you go to the next project, it's been very different than the way Oracle has been selling in the past. We have adopted with Autonomous Database. We've adopted that land start small, get in there on a project just demonstrates how great this technology is and then get another project and another project after that. So we've adopted this land-and-expand approach. And we have many examples where people have been successful in their first projects and have moved on to two more moved on to -- then moved on to 10 more after that, so we see -- again, the opportunity is gigantic. The fact that we have four -- that we added 4,000 -- almost 4,000 trials, short of 4,000 trials in Q1 is an example of how we're really getting traction now and the word is getting out about how good the Autonomous Database is, how big is it as an overall market.
Safra Catz: It's brilliant. The reality is that most of our customers have been waiting for us. They've not brought those critical large and security-conscious workloads. They've not brought them to the cloud so far. They didn't bring them to the other vendors. The other vendors are all actually having trouble in the enterprise with these important workloads. They have been waiting for us. And so as they've started to bring smaller workloads in, they can start quite small. And then their next buy is 10 times the size and the opportunities often 1,000 times the size. And that's what we're starting to see. How long will it take? I don't know. We're not -- we're trying to just go with it. You have to understand that many of these can also go just pay as you go, they're never forecasted. A customer just tries it and before you know it it's expanding. The opportunity is literally enormous, because many of these workloads, they can't go to the cloud any other way. Those that have tried have been either unsuccessful or it's been both expensive and risk their security situation. So this is a very, very powerful moment for us. We're not going to overplay it here. We're just going to ride along with it. You're going to hear at Open World from some of these customers. And it's very much like originally, when we start to talk to you about our Engineered Systems, where a customer would try a little bit, they'll try one a quarter. And before you know it, they had dozens and they grew. Now this is the next level for those critical workloads that only can work in our cloud.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
Operator: And our last question for today is going to come from the line of Raimo Lenschow, Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, let me echo as well all our prayers are with Mark and his family. Just going back, I have two quick questions, one number question, which was on deferred Safra, in theory that should grow, can you just maybe talk a little bit about why that declined this quarter? But then the bigger question was more for me around ERP. Larry you talked about like you saw some medium-sized SAP customers starting to look. And is it -- kind of in terms of going bigger, is it kind of a question of functionality and capability or more around referenceability? Because if I look at your -- you just deleveraged full quarter's numbers. You closed the quarter in 11, 12 days and were able to deliver that, which is kind of a record I've seen. And you guys are using Oracle Fusion. So it's really power -- it seems like a very powerful solution. So I'm just wondering what's holding it back at this point. Thank you.
Safra Catz: Well, first, I'd like to thank you for noticing the amazing close we did on Fusion Financials and we actually -- I got to tell you the team, I think is pretty happy with this result and realize that all of our customers should be easily doing the same thing. So, first, yes, this was a very quick close, but we've got the technology and the people to do it. Let me just answer your deferred revenue comment. So I just want you to understand gross deferred revenue is actually up 3%, okay? But we net it to a bunch of things that ultimately are simply timing changes related to collections. And so that's really the only thing. There's nothing unusual next quarter you may see something different. It's literally a matter of when we pay some things and that kind of shows up in the operating cash flow. But in deferred revenue, it's simply timing of collections. There's a little bit impacted by currency, but the gross deferred revenue number is actually up 3%. It's just netted down and it's just a matter of the timing of our collections, so nothing to see here.
Larry Ellison: Okay. The question about SAP, what are our big SAP customers waiting for before they make a decision to move to Oracle. It's been very interesting. We've -- I've spent a lot of time in Germany and talking to some customers and they want to move. I mean, I talked to several very large customers saying, we'd like to move to the cloud. We'd like to move to Fusion. Because I mean some of the -- I mean, moving to another SAP system -- and I mean some of these guys are facing bills of $1 billion to migrate -- for this SAP upgrade all of the consultants. So I mean, it's a big pill to swallow to do the upgrade HANA, what they call S/4HANA in the cloud except, it's not really a cloud.
Safra Catz: And for no benefit.
Larry Ellison: And for virtually, it's the same code you had before. It really is pretty much the same code you had before. So the customers really want to do it. What they're waiting for is one really large customer who's already done it. They are worried. They don't want to be first. No one wants -- none of these big -- these customers are conservative. They don't want to be first. We are in the middle of one of their largest customers converting them to Fusion. And as soon as we can talk about that publicly and use that as a reference, which will be probably will take another six months before we can do that, maybe less. But that's close, it's pretty close before they're live and several of their divisions are on Fusion. Almost every business leader I talk to in Germany wants to make the migration they just have to be assured that it will work. Now we're going to get -- we've won some deals in the high and at mid-market against SAP incumbents, and they're in the process of converting. And if we can get them converted much faster and get them live much faster then we can this one jumped in this one of the largest enterprises on earth that we're converting. But as we get a few of these references, we think people -- customers want to use modern technology, they want to move to the cloud. And we can -- they can do that with Fusion and they cannot do it with SAP. So we think it's a huge opportunity for us, but we have to have a core of references before these big guys are going to move.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay. Thank you. That's very clear.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. A telephonic replay of this conference call would be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today on short notice. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Holly for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining us for today's Oracle first quarter 2020 conference call. We do appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-06-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Now I'd like to turn today's call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, I hand the floor to you. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call.
 A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website.
 On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs Safra Catz and Mark Hurd.
 As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. And we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.
 And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra. 
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. As you can see, we had a terrific quarter with total revenue growth 1 point above the high end of my guidance and earnings per share $0.07 above the high end of my U.S. dollar guidance. I'll first go over Q4 and recap fiscal year 2019 before moving on to my guidance. I'll then turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. 
 As in prior quarters, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates unless I say otherwise. Now the effects of currency movements in Q4 were largely as expected, maybe a smidge more incremental headwind than expected, but that was not a full percentage more. Anyway, total Cloud Services and License Support revenues for the quarter were $6.8 billion, up 3%, while Cloud License and On-Premise License revenues were $2.5 billion, up 15%. In particular, technology license growth was up 19%, making it abundantly clear that customers are investing in the Oracle platform. The key database options necessary to run the Oracle Autonomous Database service grew 21%. I cannot stress enough the stability and growth of our base of customers quarter-after-quarter. 
 Our customers are maintaining and expanding their Oracle environment. And in our BYOL, Bring Your Own License model, they have the portability to use their licenses on-premise, in the cloud or via hybrid environment. This popularity is largely because our products are capable of doing things others just can't do, whether it's security, performance or scalability, and in our cloud, autonomous capabilities. As our customers adopt our technologies, whether via licenses or cloud services, our overall customer base is growing and that growth is starting to accelerate. 
 In addition, the recent interconnect agreement with Microsoft will only help accelerate the transition from on-premise database to the Autonomous Database service. 
 Now to the numbers. The gross margin for Cloud Services and License Support was 86%. And as we continue to scale and grow, I expect this will go even higher. Total revenues for the quarter were $11.1 billion, up 4% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.3 billion, up 7% from last year. And the operating margin was 47%, which was up from 46% last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was at 16.4%, slightly below our base tax rate of 20% as a result of some discrete items. And EPS was $1.16 in U.S. dollars and up 27% in constant currency and 23% in USD. 
 The GAAP tax rate was 3.3%, also a result of some discrete items. And GAAP EPS was $1.07 in U.S. dollars and up 41% in constant currency, 36% in U.S. dollars. 
 Now moving on to recap the full fiscal year. Total Cloud Services and License Support revenue was $26.7 billion, growing 4%. Total company revenues for the year was $39.5 billion, growing 3% compared to 2% total revenue growth in FY '18. Non-GAAP EPS was USD 3.52, up 19% in constant currency, up 16% in U.S. dollars, driven by operating income growth, share repurchases and lower tax rate. This is mirrored in our operating margin percentage for the full year, which was up slightly to 44% this year. 
 As a reminder, our best ever full year operating margin was 47%, and I expect we will surpass that in the coming years as our total revenue growth accelerates and we benefit from greater scale in our business. 
 Operating cash flow over the last 4 quarters was $14.6 billion, lower than last year, only because, as you will see at the bottom of our cash flow statement in the 10-K, FY '19 cash tax payments were $1.3 billion higher this year, including the $610 million installment towards the transition tax in Q2 and nearly $540 million in higher tax payments in Q4. 
 Capital expenditures for the year were $1.7 billion. And free cash flow over the last 4 quarters was $12.9 billion. We now have approximately $38 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $8.4 billion, up 3% in constant currency. 
 As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 112 million shares for a total of $6 billion. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased 734 million shares for a total of $36 billion. Over the last 5 years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by almost 25% with nearly 60% of the total reduction this past year in FY '19. 
 In addition, we've paid out dividends of $2.9 billion over the last 12 months and the Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share. 
 Now to the guidance. My guidance today is a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. Assuming the current exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency should have about a 1% negative effect on total revenues and about $0.01 negative effect on EPS. So for Q1, total revenues are expected to grow between 1% to 3% in constant currency. And assuming a 1% currency headwind, total revenues are expected to grow between 0% and 2% in USD. 
 Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow between 14% to 16% and be between $0.81 and $0.83 in constant currency. And assuming the $0.01 headwind, non-GAAP EPS in USD is expected to grow between 12% and 14% and be between $0.80 and $0.82 in USD. 
 Now this past year, we grew 3%. And for fiscal year 2020, I expect total revenue will grow faster than last year constant currency, of course, and that we will once again report double-digit EPS growth. Total CapEx for fiscal year '20 is expected to be about $2.2 billion, but it could move a little depending on our bookings. My EPS guidance for Q1 and fiscal year '20 assumes our base rate of 20%. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary from our base, both higher or lower. But I expect that in normalizing for these onetime tax events, our tax rate will average around 20% for fiscal year 2020. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Mark for his comments. 
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Safra. Really we just had a solid quarter from top to bottom. Total revenue was up 4% in constant currency with Cloud License and Support up 3% and EPS up 27% in constant currency. 
 In apps, we had a great momentum. We grew 6% for the year. We're now at $11.5 billion in trailing 12 months' revenue, 92% of that recurs. We continue to grow revenue faster than market. And we have just an enormous opportunity in front of us in ERP and HCM, and I'll talk to that in a second. 
 In SaaS revenue and bookings, let me just give you a few stats to give you some context of what happened. Overall ERP and HCM annualized SaaS revenue is now $2.9 billion or call it $3 billion, and it was up in the high 20s. Fusion apps revenue was plus 36% in Q4 and up 32% for the full year. Fusion HCM was up 25% in Q4, solid growth with nice wins that I'll discuss again in a second. Fusion ERP revenue was up 44% and also up 44% for the full year. 
 NetSuite ERP was up 28% in Q4 as the strong momentum continues. They had strong bookings in the quarter. And I remind you that last Q4, they had 72% growth in bookings. In addition, there was a plus 30% growth in bookings this Q4. And that's what drove this revenue growth. And when we acquired NetSuite, we had roughly 15% growth rates, and those have darn near doubled now since the acquisition. 
 In our verticals, revenue was up 19% and 32% for the year. In our Data as a Service, just to give you some further context within our SaaS business, our challenges related to the broader privacy issues continued and revenue was down 15%. 
 Now I'm going to give you an IDC quote that I have to read as-is, so I can't improvise. But let me give you the quotes, the words and then the close quotes. "Per IDC's latest annual market share results, Oracle gained the most market share globally out of all enterprise applications SaaS vendors 3 years running, in calendar year '16, '17 and '18." And I can't improvise on that quote, although I'd like to. So anyway, we just have strong momentum in the app space. I'll talk to you about some of the wins in a second. 
 In our infrastructure ecosystem, the GapTech ecosystem was $21.1 billion on a trailing 12 months' basis and Q4 was up 7% with database up mid-single digits, driven by mid-teens database license growth. And let me repeat that, mid-teens database license growth. 
 Autonomous Database, and I'm telling you, while the numbers helped us in Q4, they were still small. But the -- if you extrapolate them, they are relatively -- not relatively, they are very significant. More than 5,000 new trials were added in Q4 alone. We've got a great pull-through business with 40% of our Q4 wins, so 40% of the time we win on Autonomous Database, we pull through analytics. 
 We're adding many new customers. So of all the customers we're adding with Autonomous Database, and you might think we're replacing just our base, which by the way we'd be glad to do, about 20% of our customers are just brand new to Oracle. They were not an Oracle Database customer when they bought the Autonomous Database. And new workloads are 40%, meaning that I'm an Oracle Database customer, but I'm putting a different workload on the Autonomous Database than I had on the Oracle Database. So we have both new and existing customers doing both. 
 Now to Safra's point, and she hit it briefly, I want to hit it just a little harder. In the key database options that you need to run autonomous, so these being rack and multi-tenant and Active Data Guard if you want the SLA, our license growth was up 21%. So what do you think the market is growing, 2, 3, 3.4, whatever number you think from your favorite analyst, this was a huge share gain customer for us -- or share gain quarter for us in database. It was a solid quarter. We exceeded our revenue target and saw 27% EPS growth. Our bookings growth climbed with our renewal rates, meaning our continuing renewal rates of existing customers gives us confidence that our cloud apps business will also just continue to strengthen from here. 
 Now I thought I'd give you just a couple of key wins we had during the quarter. And I'm going to try and give you a little more color of the typical size of the companies we're selling to. I might even try and give you a little bit about who we replaced in the deal and give you some rhythm, so you get a feel for all of this. Some of our key wins, and I'll focus on some back office wins, Argo Insurance (sic) [ Group ], about a $2 billion company; Coronado Curragh, a mining company in Australia, $2.3 billion company. Diebold Nixdorf, that's an interesting one, because I used to compete with them when I was at NCR. Diebold bought Nixdorf. And Diebold was an EBS customer. Nixdorf was an SAP customer. They combined the 2, and they will be going to Oracle Cloud ERP. The whole Diebold Nixdorf will run on Oracle Cloud ERP. 
 NG, out of Brazil, about $1.3 billion, they bought ERP supply chain and procurement, fantastic win for us. And they were running on TOTVS, a Brazilian ERP company. And so they are net new to Oracle. Exterion, which is a $1 billion company, bought our whole -- really our whole ERP suite, ERP planning, supply chain, procurement. They did it against a background of basically having a little bit of everything. They had a little bit of EBS, a little bit of SAP and a little bit of Microsoft and replaced it all with the Oracle Cloud. 
 Now this company you may never have heard of, Helmerich & Payne, the reason I've heard of them is their stock symbol on The New York Stock Exchange was HP. And for years, I wanted their stock symbol. And they are about a $1.6 billion company. And while I never got the stock symbol from them, we have replaced Epicor with Oracle Cloud ERP at Helmerich & Payne.
 So anyway, that would just give you some idea on that. Ferguson, which is one of the largest plumbing wholesale and distribution companies, they're a $21 billion company. They bought ERP, EPM, supply chain, procurement, just a tremendous, tremendous win for us and very looking to partner with them. Santander in the U.S., another tremendous win for us. Wright Medical, which was very competitive. Emerson Electric, Rutgers University, which has deployed not only all of our financials and ERP, but are deploying our new student scheduling system, which deals with all of commissions and -- not commissions, but grants and discounting, very difficult stuff to deal with in higher ed. So a very key win for us in the quarter. 
 A great HCM win at Waste Management. Waste Management is a $13 billion company in Houston. This is HCM, payroll, talent, some amount of ERP. Tiffany, I'm sure all of you bought something from Tiffany for some important occasion, Tiffany will be running on our HCM location. 
 Okay. I'm getting a sign to stop here, but it was a very good quarter in terms of just quality logos. And I think what I was -- let me just try to do one -- maybe a couple of other things for you just to give you some flavor. So we get asked this in Q&A a lot. 
 I'm just reading down the list. And of what I'm looking at is about 150 on my page, I'd say 120 bought more than one module from us. And if I read the competitors or the incumbents that got replaced, they start SAP, EBS, EBS, TOTVS, Microsoft, Epicor, Epicor, Infor, Lawson, Infinium, Microsoft, EBS, I mean, I could go on and on. But that will give you a flavor that we're getting as many, and I didn't do this accounting exactly, but as many of our logos from outside of the traditional Oracle user base as we are from the Oracle user base. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Larry. 
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Mark. As Mark said, in Q4, we saw a surge in database license sales. We also saw very rapid growth in sales of those database options required to run our Autonomous Database. We continue to gain overall database market share as we migrate our database users to the cloud. 
 In the quarter, we added over 5,000 new Autonomous Database trials in our Gen 2 public cloud. Our new Gen 2 Cloud infrastructure offers customers a compelling array of advanced technology features, including our self-driving database that automatically encrypts all your data, backs itself up, tunes itself, upgrades itself and automatically patches itself when a security threat is detected. It does all of this autonomously, while running without the need for any human intervention and without the need for any downtime. No other cloud infrastructure provides anything close to these autonomous features. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Holly, if we can start with the Q&A portion of the call please. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Michael Turits, Raymond James. 
Michael Turits: Strong quarter in a lot of ways, and database obviously stood out. But I'd like to ask about the recent Azure partnership. In general, your strategy has been to make sure that on-premise Oracle workloads move to Oracle Cloud. Does this Azure partnership represent an opening to Oracle workloads running on other clouds? Or is it more directed at just getting Azure services integrated with Oracle Cloud workloads? 
Lawrence Ellison: It really is -- most customers have Microsoft technology and Oracle technology. So they might have a Microsoft analytics suite and their data in an Oracle database. And we want to make it as easy as possible for you to run those Microsoft analytics in Azure, accessing the Oracle Database in the Oracle Public Cloud. And we built these high-speed interfaces and make -- we made -- we glued the technologies together, but we also have unified the customer experience. So the customers -- it feels to the customer, like they're working in one cloud, but they have 2 suites of products and technologies they have access to and they can interconnect those things. But no, the Oracle Database is still running in the Oracle Cloud and the Microsoft analytic technology is running in the Microsoft cloud. They are just talking to each other at high speed and highly reliable. 
Ken Bond: Thank you. Next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Moerdler, Bernstein Research. 
Mark Moerdler: Congrats on the strong quarter. I'd like to focus my question on the database business and especially Autonomous Database. Mark, Safra, thanks for the data you gave on autonomous on the call, but can you give us some more color on how we should think about the database biz revenue going forward? Is autonomous adoption hitting the stride, so we can visibly see it in license revenue on a quarter-by-quarter basis? And what's this impact going forward on cloud [indiscernible] ? 
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. Let me give you what I think is maybe the most interesting thing we can say about this. We have 2 ways of forecasting our Autonomous Database business. One is the traditional way, where the field comes out with quarterly forecasts, we put together annual plans. And that's in fact what we relied upon for years in terms of giving you guidance. But now that we're in the cloud business, we have some interesting additional data, not around field sales, if you will, bookings for selling our cloud services and our technology, but rather we have real data about consumption inside of our cloud. And we started collecting the consumption data, because to add capacity to the cloud -- Safra said, depending on bookings, we might have to spend more money. Let me be a little bit more precise. It's not even bookings that drive it. Bookings that lead to increased consumption triggers our just-in-time provisioning of our hardware into our public clouds. And right now, we're getting signals from our usage in our Gen 2 Cloud that is signaling much faster Autonomous Database growth than we're seeing from our sales forecast. It's just kind of interesting, but encouraging. 
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Brad Zelnick, Crédit Suisse. 
Brad Zelnick: It's great seeing the business accelerating like this. My question is for Larry. Larry, it's so nice to see the early success in Autonomous Database and demand for database options. But as we think about the long-term prospects of the database business, in years past, a lot of your success was tied to the ISV ecosystem, and it would seem the future is increasingly about embracing software developers. First, would you agree with that statement? And how do you see Oracle attracting developers to your database and OCI more broadly? 
Lawrence Ellison: Well, I think you're saying the same thing. Why is it attractive to -- why is it good to attract developers, because developers write applications and the most important applications are ISV applications, which are used across the board. So I don't think anything has changed at all. Developers were always, if you will, the foundation of our business. We have over 1 million developers in our ecosystem already. And most ISVs, most of the current ISVs in the cloud use the Oracle Database. I mean, everything the Salesforce.com runs pretty much is running on the Oracle Database. Everything that SAP acquired to run in the cloud runs on the Oracle Database. Now I know SAP said they're going to move to HANA, but they said that 6 years ago, haven't quite gotten there yet. Anyway, the -- we go after developers -- and in fact, yesterday, we were putting the finishing touches of a program we're going to be announcing to developers at Oracle OpenWorld, which is basically free services to developers, forever, if you will. So developers and college entrepreneurs can -- this is free service. We'll be able to provide this free service that will let developers to start on the Oracle Cloud, build their applications and graduate from being maybe a solo entrepreneur some place in a dorm in MIT to eventually being an entrepreneur starting a company and then becoming an ISV. That's the cycle we want to sign up people early, and we have all sorts of cloud programs we're putting in place to be able to do that. 
Ken Bond: Thank you. Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John DiFucci, Jefferies. 
John DiFucci: I'm going to follow up with another database. I know apps was good too, but I can't help myself, have been waiting for this. Maybe... 
Lawrence Ellison: Us too. We've been working for this for a long time, and it's great to see it's just begin to show up in the numbers. 
John DiFucci: It is. And the timing is kind of odd, Larry, because many infrastructure companies this quarter have struggled lately. And as you probably know, the logical conclusion from the investment community was that we'd see some relative weakness out of Oracle. But your constant currency infrastructure growth was better than it's been in -- I mean since you've been doing this, like over the last -- I went back looking back to fiscal '16. And in this quarter, the constant currency growth was better than it's been since -- over that time period. 
 I guess, Larry, you mentioned the options, and that's something we've been sort of waiting for and looking for. I guess, can you give a little more detail on that? And then maybe even more generally, maybe Mark, if you can give us some detail on comments on the general broad-based infrastructure IT demand out there? We're not -- we don't just cover Oracle, right? We're just trying to figure out what's going on out there. 
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. So let me -- there are 2 options that I think Mark mentioned them that are absolutely required to use Autonomous Database. One is the multi-tenancy option. This is the one where you can take an existing application, it could be an ISV, you could take an existing application that was never built to be multi-tenant, you move it to the Oracle Database, you don't change a thing and you suddenly have a multi-tenant database. So that's one thing that's required for Autonomous Database. The other thing is this real application clustering. Real application clustering refers to the fact that we use multiple computers to run every database instances. So in case one of those computers should fail, there's -- our systems are fault tolerant, they keep running. So the Autonomous Database never breaks. Let me say that again, never breaks. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, stand by. And our next question is going to come from the line of Heather Bellini, Goldman Sachs. 
Ken Bond: Heather, can you hold on for a moment. Heather, can you hear me okay? I apologize everybody. Larry, what'd you like to do? Would you like to continue on or... 
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I would like to answer the question. 
Safra Catz: John, did you get any of Larry's answers? 
Ken Bond: John we'll get you back on the line and we'll kind of figure out -- apologies for these logistics. 
Lawrence Ellison: We were talking about the options. So let me -- I'm sorry. And I'll cycle back and repeat my answer. So the answer, there are 2 options required for Autonomous Database. One is the multi-tenancy option, and that allows, let's say, an existing ISV to take an application that was never meant for the cloud, move it to our Autonomous Database with the multi-tenancy option, and suddenly, without changing their application, their application becomes a multi-tenant cloud application. That's one key feature and we've seen sales of that skyrocket. The other key feature of Autonomous Database that's required to use Autonomous Database is this feature called rack. Rack is the ability to use multiple computers to run a single application or a single database instance. 
 So in case one of those computers should fail, we tolerate that failure and the application keeps running, because we have multiple computers. You might have one. You might have 2, 3, 4. But you lose 1 or 2, you still have 2, 3, 4 left, whatever you -- however you configure the system. We will only configure Autonomous Database with multiple computers. Autonomous Database never fails. You must have the rack option to ensure that. Rack options are growing more rapidly than you would expect, being driven again by consumption of the Autonomous Database. So we're seeing very, very rapid adoption. In fact, it's -- and another thing -- to add a little color to this, initial transaction, a lot of our existing customers might come on with a very small project, let's say, a $30,000 ARR project. And within 60, 90, 120 days, that becomes $120,000 project. And after another few months, it becomes $0.5 million project. So we're really optimistic about this business. And the optimism -- and I'm just back to what I said earlier, the optimism was not in Safra's guidance, which is based on sales forecast. The thing that I find fascinating are the consumption data curves, which shows our consumption rate growing much faster than the fields currently anticipating. To me, that's just wonderfully encouraging, and hopefully, this is the beginning of the trend. We'll find out soon. 
Ken Bond: Okay, Holly, if we could now move ... 
Lawrence Ellison: I think Mark had a follow on. Didn't you have a question for Mark as well? 
John DiFucci: I did. Just a general demand. Can you hear me? 
Mark Hurd: Yes. We can hear you, John. 
John DiFucci: Okay. Yes. It was just -- we're seeing a lot of funky stuff out there for infrastructure software. And I'm just wondering -- I mean you guys just have a broad customer base. Just like wondering what you're seeing in general? Are you seeing any -- I mean your business was strong, but there's a lot of companies that have struggled recently. Are you seeing anything, any changes out there for infrastructure demand in general beyond Oracle even? 
Mark Hurd: Yes. I mean we have new hot products. I mean that's the difference. I think that again, I won't speak to everybody, but when you go out with the Autonomous Database, Larry talked about a lot of different factors, but from a business perspective, we very rarely had a product that we can go talk to somebody at a senior level and say how would you like to get more secure, save money and get better performance all at the same time. 
Lawrence Ellison: How would you like to  outsource the security detection and patchings responsibilities to somebody who does this for a living, so you never have to read the name of your company above the fold on the front page talking about how much data you just lost. All right. So we expect -- yes, I'm going to let Mark talk. I'm sorry. 
Mark Hurd: Well, this is a really simple message. This is different from saying, we've got a new partitioning. It's just a very different approach for us. And so we've got new products. You know about the strengths, John, you mentioned in cloud apps. And we benefit from a set of competitors that are in different stages of maturation, most of which are weak. And we've got great products and what we are just now bringing out in Autonomous Database. And so I think that's a bit different just in terms of the various product cycle that we're in versus what other people might be in. 
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. Let me then close with -- I couldn't agree more with Mark. Our really good hot new products like Autonomous Database, Fusion, cloud application suite, NetSuite are selling really well. In fact, they are accelerating. They're doing extremely well. Quite frankly, we have some other product lines that we're quite naturally downsizing like some of the acquired Sun hardware, there are some older on-premise software products that aren't really doing well. Mark mentioned data cloud because of all the privacy issues. So yes, there are some of our businesses that are not, if you will, hot. But the good news is the hot businesses are now bigger than the not-so-hot businesses and that's determining our future. 
Mark Hurd: By the way, what Larry said is right, I think it's worth noting. Our SPARC business declined 24%, 25% this quarter. Our NetSuite business grew, as we described, in the high 20s. And they don't cancel out. NetSuite is now bigger. But when we look at the aggregate growth rate of the company, it's made up of negative 25s and plus 27s, like what I just described. And so it does create the phenomenon that Larry described. 
Lawrence Ellison: Again, it looked like -- and I swear this will be the last part of the answer to your question. The -- it does look like the top line is moving up modestly. But underneath that, there is really a lot of activity. You have these very -- these modern businesses like Autonomous Database, Fusion, NetSuite growing very rapidly, taking share, clear #1s in the overall marketplace. [indiscernible] is dominant #1 in cloud ERP. And you have these other businesses that are melting away and we just don't care. We're focused on our star products, and our star products are now driving our top line higher. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Heather Bellini, Goldman Sachs. 
Heather Bellini: Okay. So I guess, I should spend a little bit of time on the app segment, given everyone has been focusing on the infrastructure segment so far. It obviously looks like that was another strong quarter there. I was wondering, Mark, if you could share with us in terms of how the SaaS business is performing, if you could look out next year -- I mean, you had tougher comps in the fiscal year that just ended, right, as the anniversary of NetSuite went on. When you think about the type of acceleration we can see, can you walk us through kind of the puts and takes in terms of the types of acceleration we might be able to see in that business? And also I wanted to ask you, I mean, SAP is going through where they are trying to get customers to replatform. How much of an opportunity is that for you to go and potentially win back some of those customers or to win some of those customers for the first time? So wondering kind of the competitive environment, I guess, between Workday and SAP and how you're seeing that play out given some of the announcements from SAP? 
Mark Hurd: Okay. Well, that question would take me like an hour to get. 
Heather Bellini: How about the abridged version? 
Mark Hurd: The abridged version. I think, to your point, SAP is forcing all their customers to a new platform by beginning of 2025. That forces all their customers to move and all the changes, not just the changes they've just made, but all the changes they made to the code have to be remade to the code. And what that means is they have to roll up a big new bill to move to this thing Larry called earlier, HANA. And it's a big damn bill. And so the poor CIO or CFO, whoever this guy is, has to show up to the Board and says to the Board of Directors, we've got a $500 million bill to move to HANA. And you all on the phone are smart. My guess is the Board members says something clever like what's HANA. And the guy goes, well, it's a platform. And the guy goes, well, what's a platform? And he goes, well, it's a new thing we run our ERP on. The guy goes, oh, okay. And it costs $500 million? And the guy goes, oh, yes. And he goes what do we get for it? And he goes, well, we get some new plumbing and we get some new this. I just think that meeting goes very badly. And somewhere in the meeting, the customer goes who else have you talked to? Do we have an alternative? Could we not do it? Could we go with somebody else? 
 So yes, I mean, I think it's an incredibly interesting strategy on their part to put all their customers at play. Do we get calls from customers that we haven't been called or talked to in 20 years? The answer is yes. And is it because -- and remember, Heather, you know this that when we sold to customers 15 years ago, they never really talked to SAP after that and vice versa, because you're expected to stay with these ERP systems forever. So yes, some percent of their base will move as a result of just this, because it's a lot of money for not getting much, real simple. And the rest of the... 
Heather Bellini: Anything on Workday? 
Mark Hurd: I thing Workday does -- again, my sense of Workday is they do a decent job in upmarket HCM where they can divorce the HCM buyer from the ERP buyer. When the ERP buyer and the HCM buyer are aligned and combined, they're really in a position with no chance, because they don't have much of a financials product. And I know they hyped it and they talk about it and all that, but at the end of the day, they're just not competitive. So for us, the market really is for us to keep moving ahead. It's a lot --  I don't know what our market share must be in cloud financials now, but it must be plus 90%, 92%, 93%, 94%. So yes, do I think we can accelerate? I think the greatest story you can see here is the NetSuite story that we doubled the rate. And if I didn't say enough things about NetSuite, because I'm sure the NetSuite team is listening. Let me say, NetSuite, NetSuite, NetSuite. They have just done a fabulous job and they are doing a fabulous job not just growing internationally, but growing domestically. A lot of this performance in NetSuite is just pure U.S. domestic performance, more salespeople, more industries, micro industries that we build for, better execution. And so between NetSuite and Fusion, we've just had a really good run. I won't tell you everything is perfect, which is really good news. With these numbers, we can do better. We can do better. And I think we're just getting our stride. So I feel very good about it, Heather. 
Safra Catz: And as Fusion becomes a higher percentage, Fusion ERP is growing so quickly and it becomes a bigger percentage, it just kind of overwhelms everything else. 
Lawrence Ellison: Yes that's the mix change. I mean that's what you're seeing really in this quarter is the beginning of the fact that our hot rapidly growing products are now bigger than some of those products, again, like Sun SPARC that are in decline. And we kind of cross -- those 2 curves have crossed one another. Fusion is an international product in a lot of countries. And now we've moved NetSuite to a lot of countries. And quite frankly, we haven't really started to get the benefit of that just yet. So that's going to kick in this fiscal year and that will have a big impact. 
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Phil Winslow, Wells Fargo. 
Philip Winslow: Congrats on a great finish to the year. A lot of time has been spent on platform and applications. I wanted to focus on infrastructure and hope you can give us an update on just what you're seeing on the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure too. What's the feedback from customers? How do we think about sort of where we are in the adoption life cycle? And then one question I get from investors is how should we think about OCI 2 relative to the announcement with Microsoft, if there is any sort of impact there? 
Lawrence Ellison: Well, OCI 2, we have 2 infrastructure products. We had what we now call OCI Classic, which really is frozen and we're moving all of our customers -- almost moved all of our customers to our Gen 2 Cloud. Our Gen 2 Cloud is dramatically better, I think, not only than our Gen 1 Cloud, but other people's, the existing clouds. We have -- without going through a lot on this, we have an architecture where we have 2 separate computers in each computer that you rent, if you will. And we have the Intel computer that you rent and then we have another processor with separate memory that has all of our cloud control code. So that's very different than Amazon or Google or Azure as an architecture. That's true with every single computer in our Gen 2 Cloud is really 2 computers, the one that the customer uses and another one that we use to manage the cloud and encrypt the data and encapsulate the messaging and virtualize the messaging and do all of that. The -- it's impossible for a cloud customer to get at our code and hack it. And it's also impossible for our programmers to look at our customers' data. So we did this. We redid our architecture, because we decided that existing architectures, infrastructure architectures had just too many vulnerabilities. And so we bit the bullet, said, okay, we're going to freeze OCI Classic, we're going to invest in Gen 2 that gives us this much more secure, much more reliable platform. And in fact, it'll be much faster. It's also much faster. We have much faster networking, I'm not going into all of that. But this is a huge differentiator between us and everybody else. And customers are beginning to see that. They are beginning to understand the architectural differences. A lot of the world security agencies are now coming to us and saying, hey, this looks really good, we're going to go with this, not Amazon or somebody else because of these architectural distinctions. Also, a bunch of people are running high-performance workloads on our cloud. We have a much fancier network. We have RDMA capability built into our network that the other guys don't have. That's because we redid that. We didn't have it in Gen 1, we have it in Gen 2. It allows us to run large machine learning workloads, rendering, simulations, all sorts of high-performance computing way better than our competitors. So there are a bunch of applications we just do better and people are beginning to notice and they are beginning to move and buy. 
Operator: And our final question for today comes from Raimo Lenschow, Barclays. 
Raimo Lenschow: I wanted to go back to NetSuite strength, Mark, and you talked already a lot about it in terms of geographic and going deep into industry. But I just wanted to see like how sustainable is that? So where are we in that innings in terms of going against certain countries or going against certain industries? Like is that kind of where the initial investment is coming through now and then we are done? Or are we on the beginning of a journey here? 
Mark Hurd: First, Raimo, I think one thing that I'll add to Larry's Gen 2 point is customers love Gen 2. And it's got a great thing, it works really well. It's reliable. It scales. We're hiring people in our engineering group, continuing to expand. And so just to add to Phil's point, I mean, it is very well received by our sales force, our field and it's been fantastic. On NetSuite, yes, we're just at the beginning. To Larry's point, we really haven't seen the acceleration internationally that we've seen domestically. So we are adding salespeople internationally. We've done that. We've got some more to do. So there is growth there. We are adding more countries. There is more to do there. And we are adding what we call sweet success, which is where we take an industry -- not even an industry, a micro industry. So instead of taking retail, we would take retail bookstores and campus bookstores and universities, and we would refine the solution for campus bookstores and then put a consulting offer around it that we would deliver, so it's a complete one-stop shop for the customer. And we're continuing to build those out. So we've increased R&D yet again to do more of those, increased our sales force yet again to get after more customers. And our expectation is that we continue to drive significant growth in NetSuite. 
Ken Bond: Okay. Thank you, Mark. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow-up questions from the call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining today. 
 With that, I'll turn the call back to Holly for closing. 
Operator: Thank you, and thank you for joining today's Oracle Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-03-14 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call.
 Now I'd like to turn today's call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. 
 On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. 
 As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. 
 These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q, and any applicable amendment for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra. 
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll first go over Q3 results before moving on to guidance. I'll then turn the call over to Mark and Larry. As in prior quarters, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates, unless I say otherwise.
 Total Cloud Services and License Support revenue for the quarter was $6.7 billion, up 4% in constant currency, and now accounts for nearly 70% of total company revenue, largely recurring revenue. As in past quarters, we are seeing robust double-digit growth rates for total cloud revenue in all regions, with especially strong growth in Asia Pacific.
 In terms of product categories, ERP grew in the mid-30s and the verticals grew in the high 30s. Our software business, which is the totaling of Cloud Services and License Support revenue with Cloud License and On-Premise License revenue, is 82% of total revenue and it grew 3% in constant currency.
 Our software business has remained extremely stable and resilient as we have made the transition to faster-growing SaaS business that entailed trading nonrecurring upfront license revenue for recurrent long-term subscription revenue.
 Through adoption of autonomous database and OCI, we're now shifting the focus for our infrastructure business to the cloud. As a percentage of our total software business, cloud is now more than double what it was just 3 years ago and provides us with the ability to accelerate overall software revenue growth as this mix shift continues.
 GAAP applications total revenue were $2.8 billion, up 7%, and GAAP infrastructure total revenue were $5.1 billion, up 2%. The gross margin for Cloud Services and License Support was 86%, essentially the same as last year with continuing improvement in SaaS gross margins, stability in software support gross margins and continued investment in Oracle cloud infrastructure. Once our cloud business is at scale, I expect our gross margins will go significantly higher.
 Total revenue for the quarter was $9.6 billion, up 3% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.3 billion, up 5% from last year, and the operating margin was 44%, up from 43% last year.
 This quarter last year was greatly impacted by the change in the U.S. tax book, so comparing the GAAP numbers is not very meaningful after pretax income. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 20%, up from 16% catch-up rate last year, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.87 in USD, and up 12% in constant currency. This quarter, the GAAP tax rate was 11% and GAAP EPS was $0.76.
 Operating cash flow over the last 4 quarters is $14.8 billion. Over the last 4 quarters, capital expenditures were $1.6 billion and free cash flow was $13.2 billion, down 1% due to timing differences of tax payments and working capital items.
 We have more than $40 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $8 billion, up 5% in constant currency. The remaining performance obligations, or what I'll refer to as contract backlog, will be in the Q, and is now $31.5 billion, of which approximately 62% will be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months.
 Since we remain committed to returning value to shareholders through acquisitions, internal investments and a return of capital with stock repurchases and dividends, this quarter, we repurchased 206 million shares for a total of $10 billion. Over the last 12 months, we repurchased 728 million shares and reduced the absolute shares outstanding by nearly 16%. And the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 26% from $0.19 to $0.24 per share.
 Turning to currency. I expect the strengthening U.S. dollar will continue with a currency headwind of 3% for Q4 revenue and a $0.03 headwind to earnings per share.
 Okay, so with that, let me turn to the guidance. So for Q4, total revenues are expected to grow 1% to 3% in constant currency and 0 to negative 2% in U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow between 15% to 19%, and be between $1.08 and $1.12 in constant currency, so we will deliver double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth for fiscal year 2019.
 Taking into account the $0.03 currency headwind, non-GAAP EPS for Q4 in USD is expected to grow between 12% and 16%, and be between $1.05 and $1.09 in USD.
 My EPS guidance assumes a base tax rate of 20%. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary from our base tax rate. But I expect that in normalizing for onetime tax events, our tax rate will average around 20%.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark for his comments. 
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Safra. Thanks. Solid quarter for us, from top to bottom. Total revenue was up 3% in constant currency with Cloud Services and License Support, up 4% and EPS 12% -- plus 12% in constant currency.
 In our apps ecosystem, we continued our momentum, growing at 7% and that was an acceleration for us, and over $11 billion in trailing 12-months revenue and 92% of that is now recurring. We continue to grow revenue faster than market, and we have an enormous opportunity ahead of us in ERP and HCM.
 In terms of SaaS revenue and bookings, Fusion apps were up 35%. By the way, our overall ERP and HCM annualized SaaS revenue is now $2.8 billion, and that's up in the mid-20s. Again, Fusion apps, 35% up, Fusion ERP where revenue was up 47% organically. NetSuite revenue was up 28%. Bookings were up actually even higher in the mid-30s.
 Our vertical revenue was up 38%, and our annualized revenue in the verticals is now over $800 million.
 I'm going to read you a quick quote from IDC, and I have to read it precisely or I'll get cards and letters. So let me just make sure I do this exactly as it's written.
 "Per IDC's latest annual market share results, Oracle is the #1 enterprise applications vendor in North America based on market share and revenue, surpassing Salesforce.com and SAP." We've seen this momentum building, so this is not any surprise to us, so I think it's always better when you can see it in real numbers from somebody other than us.
 Let me switch briefly to infrastructure. Our GAAP tech ecosystem is $21 billion on a trailing 12-months basis and Q3 was up 2%. In Autonomous Database, our momentum continues to build. We now have 4,000 new trials that were added in Q3 alone, nearly 1,000 paying customers. We're adding many new customers and we're seeing great pull-through and with 20% of our autonomous data warehouse trials also using analytics. We now have over 35 referenceable customers and we expect to be greater than 100 soon.
 Cloud customer revenue was up triple digits for the fourth consecutive quarter. So overall, a solid quarter, as we hit our revenue targets and saw a 12% EPS growth. The strength of our bookings growth along with climbing renewal rates gives me the confidence that our cloud apps business is only going to strengthen from here and going forward, given the visibility we have into the revenue backlog, which Safra touched on a bit earlier.
 Looking forward, I do expect FY '20 revenue growth will be higher than FY '19. And EPS this year will be certainly -- grow double digits, as Safra mentioned. 
 I'm going to give you a few customer wins as well, try to give you a flavor for what happened in the quarter for us. Now most of these didn't affect our revenue, most of these, obviously are, all really bookings that occurred in the quarter, but I thought I'd give you some context about some people in our user base as well as outside our user base. 
 So for example, Tromp Group in the Netherlands E-Business Suite migration; MasterBrand Cabinets in the U.S. in E-Business Suite migration; thyssenkrupp in Germany in E-Business Suite migration; Willis Towers Watson E-Business Suite migration. I gave you those, just a few of those examples. Those are core, sort of, E-Business Suite, Black & Veatch was another one, engineering company, core, sort of, E-Business Suite customers as we see this acceleration of our user base move into the cloud. Got a couple PeopleSoft ERP migrations, Amica Mutual in the quarter, Depaul University. And then a slew of wins again. And I referenced that a lot of the ERP user base that's out there today is outside of our user base or even our traditional on-premise competitor from, if you will, the old days.
 ON semiconductor, nice win in the quarter. Packaging Corporation of America, again, outside of our user base for the quarter.  Eaton, another manufacturer. Atradius Crédito in the Netherlands. I could go on, which, in the sake of time, I won't, although I'll mention Ashford Hospitality. These are, again, outside our user base that are brand-new customers to Oracle in the area of ERP.
 In HCM, Abu Dhabi Airports; ADT; Alorica; Banco Davivienda; BLOM BANK; Great Canadian Gaming. We had a really nice win in a company called DeNova Healthcare. This again was not inside our user base. These were attritional Lawson customer, where we actually get multipillar ERP back-office and HCM connected together.
 So anyway, I'll stop there in the sake of time, but just a really, again, very impressive set of customers and a good mix of net new logos as well as movement from our user base. We had a pretty good quarter and it was some really quality names on the platform side. Fair Isaac, Generali shared services in Italy; JOANN Stores; Trans -- Trenitalia; Unicorp, I mean, some really nice beginnings of what you're seeing as we move toward gen 2 cloud and Autonomous Database. 
 I did want to make a couple of quick comments on our growing relationship with The Gap. So it's a global retailer as, I think, most of you know, with revenue of greater than $16 billion, and we've been working with The Gap in their transformation to what's really a multi-cloud environment but using many, many Oracle Technologies, and they include really everything we got: SaaS, PaaS, delivering innovation, reliability and scalability at every turn. And as part of even the things they're using in the private cloud, those are all really enabled by Exadata, and we're really thrilled to be Gap's strategic partner in their efforts to spin up their new retail brands and stores faster.
 And so that's the few quick wins for the quarter. So overall, good solid quarter for us on the income statement side, but also in the quality of these bookings that we're describing or that I've been describing. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry. 
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Oracle's future rests on 2 strategic businesses: cloud applications and Cloud Infrastructure. The growth in our cloud applications business has been driven by our Fusion Suite and NetSuite.
 Both the Fusion Suite of applications and NetSuite are growing very, very rapidly, and Mark gave you the numbers. As the names imply, both Fusion and NetSuite are integrated suites of applications, including sales, service, human resources, financials, supply chain and manufacturing applications. No other cloud services provider has such a comprehensive suite of applications covering both the front office and the back office.
 Most customers want their cloud services provider to make their applications work together. Customers do not like to be responsible for the complex process of integrating lots of different applications, running on lots of different vendors' clouds. We think our integrated suite approach to the cloud applications business is a primary reason for the very rapid growth in our cloud applications market share.
 The introduction of our Gen 2, highly secure infrastructure, featuring the Oracle Autonomous Database has been very well received. During Q3, we had nearly 1,000 paying Autonomous Database customers and over 4,000 active trials. Our infrastructure technology is highly differentiated from AWS. Each one of our cloud computers has a separate security processor and memory to insulate customers from intruding upon each other. And it also makes our cloud control code inaccessible by customers. No other cloud services provider offers this kind of protection across their entire public cloud. 
 The Oracle Autonomous Database is the only database that can respond to a security threat by automatically patching itself while it's still running your application. No downtime is required. No other database has this capability.
 Oracle Technology leadership in cloud infrastructure and database plus our market leadership in cloud applications makes us very optimistic about our future.
 I'll turn it back to you, operator. 
Ken Bond: Operator, if we could move to the Q&A portion of the call, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. 
Heather Bellini: Mark, I wanted to ask a question of you. Last month, when we were together at our tech conference, you reiterated that fiscal second half '19 sales growth would accelerate on a constant-currency basis versus the first half. And I'm not trying to be nitpicky but I think it doesn't look like it's accelerating much. So I was just wondering if anything changed. And I also wanted to ask about fiscal '20, which you've just mentioned that fiscal '20 constant-currency revenue growth would be higher than fiscal '19. I guess what I'm wondering is should we be thinking that, that constant currency growth acceleration that you're referring to for fiscal '20 is similar to the type of acceleration on the second half of fiscal '19? Or could it be more meaningful? 
Mark Hurd: Yes, so let's go back to it. I think '19 will grow faster than '18. Second half is, whatever adjective is around it, grow faster than first half. FY '20, faster than '19. When you get in underneath at what are the drivers, at a big level, first, our growing businesses are becoming a bigger part of our total than our other businesses. So as an example, just one example, cloud ERP gets bigger, hardware gets smaller, obviously, those have offsetting effects. In addition, we have the things that attach with that, for example, our consulting services business now in on-premise has been declining, but our cloud consulting is inclining as does our overall bookings. So as a result, these just offset each other. Within it, clearly, I've given you the numbers on certain parts of our apps as the example of ERP and HCM, which are just growing substantively. Larry's comments about Autonomous Database are 2 huge drivers of growth as we go forward. So I think all of those statements, '19 versus '18, second half, first half, '19 to '20 are all where you're going to see acceleration of top line growth in CD. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John DiFucci with Jefferies and company. 
John DiFucci: So your aggregate results have been, I guess, relatively steady might be the right way to characterize it. And during this period, I think investors really appreciate the share buybacks and the dividend, nice dividend increase this quarter. I guess, I want to sort of follow on with that line of thinking, Mark, and this uptick in fiscal '20. And you talked a lot about your cloud apps and we get a lot of information on that, but can you talk a little bit about what extent the database options might be a driver to some of that revenue acceleration? And how big is the middleware business at this point? 
Mark Hurd: I'll start. I'll let Larry comment also a bit on the off-trends. I think, first, just when we get into on the database side, I mean, the big move here is to autonomous. I think we tried to give you some numbers of the level of interest. The level of -- the increase in interest coming from even Q -- end of Q1, early Q2 into Q3 was just -- John, it was just substantive. It won't show up in our revenue numbers yet, but I'm talking about in terms of trials and people testing, and now, frankly, people buying. And what we've even seen is what's really nice, somebody buying something for as small as 15, 20, 25K as their first move into Autonomous Database, and actually, even within the quarter making a second purchase that turns into 200K, 250K. These are really encouraging early signs for us. And then to the point that you bring up, we just don't get the database, we get analytics, we get other services that come with it. So as we continue to convert trials into real usage, real usage into expansion, this becomes a core key driver as we move forward. I'll let Larry follow on with other parts of the options. 
Lawrence Ellison: As people use Autonomous Database in the public cloud, they typically got and buy the multitenant option and the Real Application Cluster option, which are required options for Autonomous Database. So there's no question that the introduction of Autonomous Database and the consumption of Autonomous Database as that accelerates, will increase the license purchases of those 2 options. 
John DiFucci: And just the second part of my question, you used to talk about middleware and how it was -- on-premise middleware stuff wasn't growing all that -- or is declining. I'm just curious, can you tell us even just roughly how big that is at this point? Because Mark, you sort of alluded to some of these other businesses that weren't growing or getting smaller and smaller. 
Mark Hurd: We never break that out, John. So to my knowledge, unless -- I'm not going to break -- I'm not going to start breaking it today. But clearly, middleware is moving, if you will, from, like everything else, from on-premise into the cloud. We've got a full suite of services in the cloud, but we're not going to break it out into a discrete business today. 
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, I can tell you a couple of parts in middleware are doing quite well. I mean, I think it's a mixed story. I think analytics are doing very well in the cloud, as Mark mentioned, 20% of Autonomous Database goes up with analytics and, John, we had a very good quarter. 
Mark Hurd: By the way, I guess, one last point while -- since we did do a little bit of that. Security is faster growing businesses as we can have within the context of the middleware business as well. So again, the problem with middleware, it's not a thing. It's multiple products within it. Some, like many things we've talked about, many things growing fast and things declining simultaneously. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. 
Philip Winslow: I just want to build on John's question there about the reacceleration ahead of us in database. When I think about what really differentiates Oracle and cloud, it's the Gen 2 OCI that we continue to get kind of increasingly positive data points on but then also adding autonomous platform on top of it. And so my question is with the TOMS data warehouse being out for a year and the transactional processing being out since August, how should we think about those 2 kind of combined to the reacceleration on top of ACI? And you mentioned the 1,000 customers and 4,000 trials, what is actually the driver of people shifting over? Is it speed? Is it cost? Is it performance? Just some more color on that would be great, so timing and then why. 
Mark Hurd: I'll let Larry start. 
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. All right, so the driver is many different things. Some of our customers were stunned that they can get a database up and running in 5 minutes. So we've been collecting references and studying the 1,000 customers and the 4,000 trials, and what they find encouraging about the Autonomous Database. Certainly, we'll call it productivity improvements. The fact that they can go from not having a database, not having a hardware, literally log on to our cloud, create an instance, get -- move their data and be up and running and doing useful things in 5 minutes is proving to be a shock to a lot of our customers. So getting things up and running quickly. Productivity has been a very big issue. We've got 1 customer who's done a series of tests. They were an AWS user, and I know we have these ads that promise cut your AWS bill in half. They found that we were running 11.5x faster than they were running in AWS, and they cut their bill by 80%. So a lot -- so that's -- and these are university researchers, so they're very, very cost sensitive and they felt it was worthwhile making the move just because we were much less expensive. Autonomous Database was way less expensive than Redshift or Aurora at Amazon. Some people, they had an existing data warehouse and it was just the compatibility, being able to take an existing data warehouse, not spooling up a new one in 5 minutes, but taking an existing data warehouse, lifting it and shifting it over. So we're seeing all 3 of those use cases. Productivity -- motivators, I should say. Productivity, compatibility and cost, all driving the usage of Autonomous Database. 
Mark Hurd: So I'd say that we've never had a release in the database area where we could actually talk to a CEO about what was in the release and the CEO would go, I completely get it. I mean it's not like we're talking about partitioning or something like that. When you talk about the fact that this database patches itself, our customers at the CEO level now understand what a patch is. They understand why it's so important, why it's so strategic. They, in many cases, have to discuss it with their audit committees. And the fact that now patching goes from a problem to where they pass that to us and it gets done instantaneously, we have many customers who said, if this thing did nothing but that, I would migrate to Autonomous Database. If the fact that -- you add to the fact to Larry's point that this database tunes itself, creates all its own index, is it actually it's labor less and can you reapply talent to another area. If it did nothing but that, it would be valuable. If it did nothing but give you better security and give you price and performance, and so this is a release that the reason you're seeing the trials and the level why you hear our enthusiasm the way it is, is the customer response is just extremely high because it just makes business sense. This isn't something sold 5 levels down or 4 levels down in the order. This can be sold at the top of the company, if you will, at the CEO level. So it's why it's such an exciting release test because at this point it has so many business benefits to our customers as opposed to maybe the fact that you would think of traditionally many of our benefits being, if you will, technical. It's different explaining to a CEO what multitenant is and what in-memory is than frankly the benefits I've just described. 
Philip Winslow: Well, knowing how much we spend on patching, I've got a lead for your CRMs with them. 
Mark Hurd: I'll stop -- I won't get too specific into your situation, but you're a good use case with a very large bank with a tremendous amount of Oracle that, frankly, in many ways, done a fantastic job, but still has a window that has to be closed. And this -- in terms of patch deployment, then this is one vehicle to -- certainly, a vehicle and the only vehicle I'm aware of to get that done. 
Philip Winslow: Well, Safra can give me some quote entertainment for that reference, that'd be great. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. 
Raimo Lenschow: I wanted to go back to the apps ecosystem. Mark, can you talk to us on NetSuite because that's accelerated again this quarter? And I was just wondering, like, look, when we talked about a few quarters ago, it was like we tried to bring it over 20, but now we're in the high 20s. Was there anything special going on? Or is that kind of -- is there anything in terms of new run rate that we need to be aware of? 
Mark Hurd: Well, I mean, as I've said on multiple calls in a row, they've been doing very well. I mean, this started tremendous acceleration we had last Q4 when their bookings growth was over 70%. And you're just beginning to see that turn into now revenue. So I believe the new rate is sustainable. And I actually think we can do better. And our strategy has been very simple, and -- but I know I've said it before, but it's been, frankly, no more complicated than adding salespeople internationally and domestically. We've done both to, if you will, localize the product for more countries. We've done many new countries that we've now released. In addition to that, we've been building out more verticals, what we call SuiteSuccess, where we actually bundled in the implementation with what we sell. And that's very, very popular with our customers. And so I think the team has also done a marvelous job executionally. And it's -- I know I say my comments pretty quick, but as much as the revenue grew in the quarter, our bookings actually grew faster than the revenue. And so we're very excited about NetSuite. We have been excited about NetSuite, and I think they will continue to perform. And I actually think we can do better than even what I've just described today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Turits with Raymond James. 
Michael Turits: So you've been seeing accelerating growth in cloud, ERP and HCM and other areas of cloud. Is that growing -- accelerating enough and becoming a big enough piece of the business that we can now start to see an acceleration in the cloud business overall, which has had some other headwinds? 
Mark Hurd: I mean, I guess I'll start. As I said in my comments, ERP and HCM are becoming a bigger and bigger part of our business. I mean, today, our annual SaaS revenues, ERP and HCM is approaching $3 billion. It's growing sort of mid-20s. And I think it's going to get nothing but better than better. Again, I don't want to get too positive. Only in the context that we're beginning to see acceleration in some key parts. So we're very focused on our competitors by brand and by industry. We deploy our sales force against those brands and against those industries as well as into our own user base. And the reason I read the references the way I read them was so you'd get a flavor that both our own user base is beginning to move in bigger numbers as well as the fact that we get competitive. Remember, most of that user base is not sitting with us or our traditional on-premise competitor. So yes, I mean, clearly it's a point to what I made earlier, and I'll stop after this to say that our growing businesses are becoming bigger and bigger, and you start putting the growth rates I'm describing on numbers like $3 billion, and you can do your own math. And so we're very confident, and feel very good about our position in those businesses. 
Michael Turits: Thanks, Mark. And if I get a follow-up quick one for Safra. Safra, you've managed to keep CapEx low even with the OCI investment. Any reason to expect a change in that trajectory, where we'd be spending more capital? 
Safra Catz: No. I expect it to be very similar this next quarter to this past quarter. And for the year, it's basically the same. Just a little bit less than last year. So that's kind of what we're looking at. Of course, if there's a huge opportunity, we may push the gaps a little more. But you have to understand that our SaaS operation is really, really coming and we're getting enormous economies of scale there. That's why the margins keep improving, and so we're able to sort of do it all within the same investment envelope so far. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. 
Mark Moerdler: I'm going to do something I haven't done in a while, I'm going to take a bit of a liberty and ask 2 questions. The first is for Safra. You talked a bit on the call about cash flow, which has grown double digits, but was down roughly 1%, and you gave some color on the call, but can you talk a little bit more about the underlying factors here? Was timing or your definition of when you recognize cash flow having an impact? Are there other things that are impacting that cash? And then I have a follow-up for Mark. 
Safra Catz: I mean, there are 2 things going on. If you look just at the quarter, it's nothing but cash collections, timing of cash collections. Nothing more really than that to focus in on. If you look at year-to-date, which you may look at in one of the other schedules, it's that and some tax payments. And that's really the 2 things going on. So nothing special going on. It happens every once in a while. If you look back previous years, you will see that, and it's a very Q3 thing, frankly because, by then, we're collecting up a lot of previous quarters' bookings -- billings, excuse me, so that's really it. Nothing special. 
Mark Moerdler: Okay, perfect. And then as a follow-up to Mark, given some color on the Autonomous Database, like, can you specifically discuss the types of workloads that are driving adoption of autonomous, and especially new clients, for -- autonomous revenue clients to the Oracle Database? 
Safra Catz: Larry? 
Lawrence Ellison: I think the question police ought to get you for announcing you're going to ask 2 questions as opposed to just doing it. 
Mark Moerdler: Sorry, Mark. I decided to be polite about it. 
Mark Hurd: Yes. No, that was very thoughtful. I don't know, maybe, Larry, you want to start in on that one? 
Lawrence Ellison: Sure, I mean, there are a lot -- database does a lot of different things. The researchers that I mentioned earlier that are moving from AWS for big cost savings, they're doing a combination of machine learning and computer vision to look at tissue samples and detect anomalous cells. Cancer based kit are using computers to diagnose cancer and that's a combination of machine learning and the Autonomous Database. And that's an all-new application. So there are several people that are coming in with all-new applications in the cloud. Especially the ones moving from AWS. Then there are traditional on-premise customers, who are simply taking one of their millions of Oracle databases, there are millions of these things out there and just lifting one of those databases either transaction processing and the associated application, either transaction processing application or a data warehousing application, just lifting it intact, moving the data over and moving the application over to compute, moving the data over to Autonomous Database, and running the same exact thing in the cloud. They're experiencing, sometimes shocking performance improvements also. I know we had 1 customer that moved from on-premise into the cloud and the cloud system ran many times faster than their on-premise system. Then there are customers that are moving new -- existing big Oracle customers that are moving new developments. The new applications that they're developing from developing them on-premise, they move test and development into the cloud. And they are the ones that, again, the general reaction there is they're much, much more productive getting running. It's much cheaper to do test and development, much more responsive, much more productive to move test and development from their on-premise infrastructure to the cloud infrastructure. So online transaction and processing, lifting and shifting applications, data warehousing lifting and shifting, test and development, moving from AWS, there are lots of different use cases. 
Mark Hurd: Just a couple of quick follow-ons, one, I'm doing this off the top of my head, Mark, but I'm roughly right. 20% of our customers in autonomous data warehouse or in TOMS Database right now are net new to Oracle, we did not have them before, net new. And 80% are in our user base, roughly 70%, 75%, there's net no competition at all and the transaction is simply, as Larry described, a migration. 75% are actually into the LOB as opposed to IT, which I look at is very good news as well. So we've got a lot of underpinning improving dynamics -- in my opinion, they're improving dynamics, in terms of net new customers in addition to moving of our database and certainly, analytical data warehousing is probably the biggest individual driver of anything we've got. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Crédit Suisse. 
Brad Zelnick: My question is for Mark. Mark, as we think about the traction you're seeing in cloud ERP and where the demand is coming from, there's the massive on-premise install base opportunity, but I think some might not appreciate that more than half the market is the long tail of niche legacy vendors that most people haven't even heard of. Can you just give us a sense for your success in displacing that long tail? How much you think you're participating there versus the more usual suspects? 
Mark Hurd: By the way, I think that's exactly right, what you said. So I think it's common thought that the ERP market on-premise is dominated by 2 vendors: Oracle and the company from Germany. And those 2 vendors together have less than 50% of the market. We have more Fortune 500 customers, for example. They have many big customers, but the blizzard of implementations -- or there's a blizzard of companies that have the more than 50% market share, 54%, 55%, most of them have moved into private equity. They're not even public companies. They're on their second or third turn through private equity. They've got no migration plan to the cloud. They've got 2G -- I could go on and on with all of these. And that's why as I mentioned earlier, we actually line up our development resources and our sales resources, very focused on these competitors. They would have names like, I mentioned a couple, like McCormack & Dodge, if you've heard of them. IBM, believe it or not, actually has got an old ERP system. There's a company called Deltek, I mean, there's a company called Lawson, a company called [ ETHICA ], there's tens and tens of these to your point, and these are old, old pieces of code. These need to move. They need to move to a more modern platform and they are, perhaps, as attractive as any other market. And in fairness, our user base actually knows our cloud road map. They actually have confidence in our R&D. They know we're going to be there to migrate them when they want to be there. They actually have less of a sense of urgency, in many cases, to move than the companies you're describing, Brad, because they're in much more desperate situations without a road map, without knowing how they're going to get from here to there, knowing their competitors are beginning to move. So we have as much success today, and if you ask one of our salespeople, would you rather have one of these competitive territories where you're going after one of these niche vendors, or would you rather have an E-Business Suite territory, many of our salespeople say, "Give me that competitive territory," because there's an absolute need to move as quick as you can. So yes, it's an incredibly attractive market and it's why you hear us keep talking about it so much because the additional fact is when we sell ERP, we continue to see an attach rate to HCM, and, frankly, an attach rate to even some of our other apps in the CX and front office area as well, so it's why we're so focused on that opportunity. 
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Ken Bond. 
Ken Bond: Okay, great. Thank you. A telephone replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call, and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for closing. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-12-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. 
 Now I'd like to turn today's call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Victoria. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. 
 As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect those forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and any other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra. 
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll first go over Q2 before moving on to guidance. I'll then turn the call over to Mark and then Larry, for their comments. Let me start by summarizing that Q2 was another solid quarter. Constant currency revenue growth was slightly above the high end of my guidance and constant currency earnings per share was $0.02 above the high end of my guidance. As in prior quarters, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rate unless I state otherwise. 
 Total cloud services and license support revenues for the quarter were $6.6 billion, up 5% in constant currency. This accounted for nearly 70% of the total company revenues and most of it is recurring revenues. GAAP applications' total revenues were $2.8 billion, up 7%; and GAAP platform and infrastructure total revenues were $5 billion, up 1%. Mark will go over more detailed revenue and bookings numbers in a moment. The gross margin for cloud services and license support was 86%, essentially the same as last year with continuing improvement in SaaS gross margins, stability in software support gross margin and continued investment in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. 
 As we continue to scale and grow our cloud business, I expect our gross margins will ultimately go higher. Total revenues for the quarter were $9.6 billion, up 2% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.1 billion, unchanged from last year, and the operating margin was 43%, the same as last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 18.6%, slightly below our base rate of 20% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.80 in U.S. dollars and up 19% in constant currency. The GAAP tax rate was $15.9 billion -- 15.9%, and GAAP EPS was $0.61 in U.S. dollars, up 22% in constant currency. 
 Operating cash flow over the last 4 quarters was $15.2 billion. Q2 operating cash flow was, in fact, negatively impacted by our first installment payment over $600 million on the onetime transition tax related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. Over the last 4 quarters, capital expenditures were $1.5 billion and free cash flow was $13.8 billion, up 10% in U.S. dollars. 
 We now have more than $49 billion in cash and marketable securities. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $8.2 billion and that's up 6% in constant currency. The remaining performance obligations or what we'll refer to as contract backlog will be in the 10-Q and is now $30.1 billion, of which approximately 62% will be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. We remain committed to returning value to shareholders through acquisitions, internal investments and a return of capital with stock repurchases and dividends. This quarter, we repurchased 203 million shares for a total of $10 billion. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased 602 million shares and reduced the absolute shares outstanding by over 12%. The Board of Directors, again, declared a quarterly dividend of $0.19 per share. 
 Turning to currency. I expect the strengthening U.S. dollar will increase the currency headwind to 4% for Q3 and a $0.03 headwind to earnings per share. So for Q3, my guidance is, total revenues are expected to grow 2% to 4% in constant currency. I continue to expect the revenue growth will be higher, and we remain committed to delivering a higher constant currency growth rate for all of fiscal 2019 when compared to last fiscal year. You may remember that last year's Q3 EPS included some onetime events, which I called out at the time, which helped by about $0.03 last year. In addition, my EPS guidance assumes a base tax rate of 20%, which is nearly 4 points higher than last year because last year's tax rate was a catch-up quarter for the new tax law. Certainly, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for Q3 to vary from the base rate. But I expect that in normalizing for these onetime events, our tax rate will average around 20% for fiscal year 2019. 
 Okay. With all that, for this quarter, non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow between 7% to 9% and be between $0.86 and $0.88; and non-GAAP EPS for Q3 in USD, in U.S. dollars, is expected to grow between 3% to 5% and be between $0.83 and $0.85. And while my double-digit constant currency EPS growth guidance for fiscal year '19 has not been a specific number, I can tell you that internally I have, in fact, raised my fiscal year '19 constant currency EPS growth rate estimates. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mark for his comments. 
Mark Hurd: Thank you, Safra. Solid quarter for us from top to bottom. Total revenue was up 2% in constant currency with cloud services and license support up 5%, and of course, EPS up 19%. It's the seventh consecutive quarters we've had reported double-digit EPS growth. Apps had a spectacular quarter. We had great momentum, growing 7% for the overall ecosystem, over $11 billion in trailing 12 months and 91% of that is now recurring revenue. We continue to grow revenue faster than the market, and we have an enormous opportunity ahead of us, particularly in ERP as well as HCM. To Safra's point about the numbers, let me give you some numbers about our SaaS business. Overall ERP and HCM now have annualized SaaS revenue of $2.6 billion, up mid-20s percent. Fusion apps revenue growth was 34%. Fusion ERP revenue growth was 44%, all organically. NetSuite ERP revenue grew 25%. Vertical revenue and applications grew 35%; annualized revenue now of $800 million. 
 In terms of SaaS bookings, I want to try and give you some context. Now, of course, as I talk about bookings this did not show up in any way, shape or form in our revenue. ERP and HCM's booking growth rate has accelerated the last 4 quarters and now is in the high 30s. In addition, we saw our largest movement of the installed base customers to ERP cloud with almost roughly 200 customers moving in the quarter. All of that, of course, shows up in bookings and not revenue. In addition, SaaS net bookings -- let me try to say this carefully, SaaS net bookings, which factor in our nonrenewals, were the highest ever in the company's history for a non-Q4, and up in the high 30s percent. 
 Our tech ecosystem GAAP -- tech ecosystem was $21 billion on a trailing 12-month basis and Q2 was a 1% growth with database new license support revenues up low single digits. Larry's going to talk quite a bit more about Autonomous Database. We are seeing more than 1,000 trial activations per month currently between data warehouse in transactional basis and this number continues to ramp. 
 Now we also had our Cloud at Customer solution, which has been one of our exciting offerings, revenue up triple digits, booking up in the low 40 percentage. 
 Now I'm going to mention a few customer names that I thought I'd explain some of the wins in the quarter that are behind some of the apps numbers I described. In general, I'm going to talk about some back office wins and a few full suite wins. One win was at MGM. This is MGM Resorts, the hospitality company. ERP, or really our full suite including supply chain, that actually replaced a product called Infinium, which is part of a blizzard of brands inside N4. 
 We had a very large win at a large distribution company whose name I can't mention, but it was a complete suite win. ERP, HCM -- by the way, this is a theme I'm going to tell you about, how when we win ERP, it is now increasingly that we connect HCM to that win. People want the same UI, user interface, the same workflow, et cetera, and so ERP has a tremendous effect on pulling HCM through. Another exciting win we had was at Johnson Controls. Johnson Controls was, again, a suite win where we sold them service cloud -- both our service cloud and our field service solution, and really to one of their divisions, also, ERP in their Tyco division, very exciting win for us. 
 Hormel, food processor, great win for us. ERP -- our full suite of ERP, inclusive of HCM, very exciting. A company called Securitas. You probably may see them performing security in many major facilities around the country, but again, a full suite win there. 
 Helzberg Diamonds. Again, a full suite win there as well. Indiana University Health Center. This is, again, another -- this actually was a Lawson, if you've heard of the Lawson product, we replaced there with ERP, EPM, really our full suite in addition to -- into HCM. So I won't go through all the color with all these, but let me just read off some more names for you, just so you get some context for it. Littlewoods, a retailer; Samsonite; VeriFone; Department of the Environment in Australia, Land and Water, really significant win for us there; the European operation of Toyota, very significant win for us in ERP; Marvell Semiconductor. I'm going to run out of minutes here. Dana Corporation, very nice win for us; DHL in Italy; Gilead Sciences; Ithaca College. And I'm going to stop. I know because it just keeps going, but this was a, as I've told you, the biggest net bookings we've had in our history non-Q4 and the stuff I -- that's by the way, a booking statement and they're supported by these quality wins. 
 So last thing I wanted to do was, before I close, is just talk to you about a survey that came out from IDC. And I've talked to IDC about it and I have to read this literally. So I have to read it to you in its entirety to make sure that I get the message that they want across. So I'm going to do it and let me start with open quotes, this is from IDC, "In the SaaS view survey, IDC released in October of 2018, where it surveyed 276 HCM SaaS customers on their experience with SaaS HCM vendors, including Oracle, Workday and SAP SuccessFactors. Oracle SaaS HCM is the highest rated among the 3 vendors in most scoring categories, including vendor satisfaction, likelihood to recommend vendor to a colleague, data security, trusted brand, lower TCO, value for the price paid, ease of use, superior features functionality, ease of implementation, customer support service, product innovation and geographical reach." The reason I wanted to read that to you is instead of that coming from me and my opinion, this comes from an independent analyst community and I wanted to make sure I share that with you. 
 Let me just close to say, it was a solid quarter again with 19% EPS growth and 10% free cash flow growth. The strength of our bookings growth along with climbing renewal rates, gives me confidence that our cloud apps business is only, only going to strengthen from here. If I'm not being clear, this is perhaps the best apps quarter we've had just in terms of bookings -- breadth of bookings across the portfolio and the visibility that gives us into the revenue backlog. 
 Looking forward, we still expect full year revenue growth will be higher than last year and EPS will grow double digits for the year. And with that, I'm going to turn it over for Larry for his comments. 
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Oracle has 2 strategic products that will determine the future of our company: Cloud ERP and the Autonomous Database. Virtually every technology analyst organization agrees, Gartner, Forrester, IDC and the rest. Please read the published reports that Oracle has developed the world's most advanced ERP technology. Featuring an easy-to-use voice interface and machine learning based artificial intelligence to automate many formerly manual ERP processes. But more than being simply the technology leader in ERP applications, the analysts also confirm that Oracle has translated that technology leadership into market leadership in cloud ERP with nearly 6,000 Fusion ERP customers plus more than 16,000 NetSuite customers and we are adding about 1,000 new cloud ERP customers every quarter. Technology analysts also agree that Oracle's new Autonomous Database gives Oracle the largest technology lead we have ever enjoyed over our database competitors since we entered the database market almost 4 decades ago. As we pair our new Autonomous Database with our new Generation 2 Cloud infrastructure, we expect not only to hold onto our 50% database market share, we expect to increase it. That means millions of Oracle databases will move to the Oracle Cloud. Those are the 2 strategic initiatives that we are focused on. One, continue to expand our market leadership in cloud ERP, which should make us the world's largest cloud application company. And two, maintain our database technology leadership and migrate our 50% database market share through the Oracle Cloud. We're optimistic about our ability to deliver on these 2 strategic initiatives and our ability to be the leader in these 2 key market segments. With that, I'll turn it back over to Safra. 
Safra Catz: Okay. So I think we're ready for questions. 
Ken Bond: We're now ready for Q&A, Victoria. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. 
Mark Moerdler: SaaS ERP is the largest growth driver within SaaS and we believe within your total apps business, but there are so many moving parts that it's not obvious in the reported results. Can you give us a sense of when you expect that SaaS ERP will be large enough and growing fast enough to start to visibly improve year-over-year revenue growth first in SaaS and then in overall apps? And then as a quick follow-up, can you give us any color on the timing of conversions from book to revenue, has it improved or not? 
Mark Hurd: The answer to both questions is no. No, no, so -- first, I'm kidding. I'm kidding, Mark. So it's holiday season. I thought it's time for some festive commentary. First, I think -- first of all, it is happening. So when you look at first and breaking these into pieces, the NetSuite performance has been spectacular, it's just one piece of it. When we bought the NetSuite, NetSuite was growing 15-ish sort of percent. And I sort of said this as color on our call, their bookings starting -- if you went into Q3 of last year, Q4 was spectacular, Q1 was strong again. They had another very strong bookings quarter again in Q2 and their revenue growth is now gone up to 25-ish percent in the quarter. So that is, obviously, significant for us in terms of their scale and now their growth rate. I really have -- I don't want to say higher expectations, but I continue to have high expectations that they'll continue that momentum that we've seen, meaning increased growth rates. The Fusion growth rate in ERP is even higher than NetSuite's. And I hope by the quality of the wins I described to you, you'd get a flavor for the popularity of that solution now in the marketplace. So when you combine the 2 together, our target is that we could see hundreds, if not -- and I just want to be careful, wavy line here, Mark, we can get into close to $1 billion worth of growth next year out of those 2 solutions. I'm not giving you that's the number. I'm telling you it's that sort of opportunity for us in scale. But to add to it, the thing that I tried to make sure was clear on the wins we're describing is, the pull when we sell ERP, the ability for us to pull other solutions with it is doing nothing but growing particularly as [ a right stage. ] Does that answer your question? 
Mark Moerdler: Helps to point me in the right direction. 
Ken Bond: Okay. Next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Crédit Suisse. 
Brad Zelnick: Larry, I think we all appreciate how sticky Oracle database is given it stores some of the most valuable information in the world, but the competitive noise in the market just keeps getting louder and louder. What's your latest thinking on the competitive dynamics for database? 
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. Well, there is the wonderful Gartner report that ranks the technology -- the Oracle database technology, Oracle is ranked with a huge #1 lead by Gartner. A distant second is Microsoft. A distant third is IBM, and a ridiculously distant fourth is Amazon, who's making all the noise. We think we -- we have a huge technology leadership in database over Amazon. What Amazon did is they got their databases, and by the way, Amazon Aurora is just my SQL, open source. And Amazon Redshift is also just a borrowed open source system. These are very old systems that Amazon took open source databases and gave them an Amazon name and put them on the Amazon Cloud. Now the beauty of what Amazon did is they put them in Amazon Cloud and they made them available on the cloud. They did that long before we made the Oracle database available on the cloud. But in terms of technology, there is no way that someone can move -- a normal person would move from an Oracle database to an Amazon database. It's just incredibly expensive and complicated. And you got to be willing to give up tons of reliability, tons of security, tons of performance to go ahead and do it. But we have a huge technology advantage. Again, don't believe me, read the Gartner report. We've never had -- the Oracle Autonomous Database has the biggest technology lead we've ever had in the database world from a technology standpoint. The problem is, we have to deliver that Autonomous Database on first-class cloud infrastructure to be successful in the cloud business. We need more than just a great database. We have the best database, but we also need first-class infrastructure to run that database on. And we now finally, have that with our Generation 2 Cloud. And I think you'll see the combination of the Oracle Autonomous Database and the Generation 2 Cloud. You'll see rapid migration of Oracle from on-premise to the Oracle Public Cloud and to the Oracle Cloud at Customer. So we think we're -- as I said in my opening remarks, we think we're not only going to hold onto our 50% share, we're going to expand it. Nobody, save maybe -- Jeff Bezos gave the command, "I want to get off the Oracle database," and they've been working on this for a few years to try to get off the Oracle database and get onto the Amazon databases. It's taken Amazon, who's dedicated to doing this several years and they're not there yet. Why? Nobody else is going to go through that forced march to go on to the Amazon database, if amazon can't even get there without this kind of effort. We're confident we hold on to our... 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies. 
John DiFucci: Listen, my question is sort of a follow-up to Brad's. And Larry, and I think it's more for Mark and maybe Larry, too. We understand your focus on moving your 50% relational database market share to the Oracle Cloud, but that's going to take time for your customers to get there. And until then, they're likely considered by for on-premise deployments. This quarter, platform and infrastructure grew 1% constant currency. Realize there's headwinds in there from, like, the middleware business and probably some other things, but more interested in the database, as you say Larry, that's one of the strategic products that has to be successful here. Can you give us some more color on the database in this quarter especially for the options? And the 2 that standout for me are multi-tenancy and then memory, but I know there's others that are associated with the Autonomous Database. I mean, these are 2, but others that are really specifically there. And I guess, when will we see those tailwinds from whatever middleware and whatever else is causing them to subside in that part of the business? 
Mark Hurd: Larry will start and then I can follow-up with some numbers for you, John. 
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. The autonomous -- the database options grew about 4% in the quarter. And we've never had a quarter that I know of where the database business has not grown -- the database license business has not grown. The issue has been, when will we get our cloud infrastructure solid enough to host our database and the answer is, we did that several months ago -- less than a year ago. Less than a year ago, we got the infrastructure in shape, OCI, the Generation 2 of our infrastructure is now there. We're now running thousands of Oracle Autonomous Database trials that our customers look at this. And customers can migrate from on-premise to the Autonomous Database very, very quickly. It is not a technology upgrade. It's just an update, just move your data, drop a few indexes and you're there. You can do it very quickly. So we expect that the uptake next fiscal year, we're going to get enough business for the Oracle database in the Oracle Public Cloud to move the needle, kind of the answer to the question. When does ERP actually move the needle? When does the ERP get around the $1 billion growth rate? And Mark said, we've got a shot at doing that next year. We have a shot at doing the same thing, moving the needle the same distance with Autonomous Database next year. 
Mark Hurd: By the way, John, just a couple of points to add to Larry's point. We haven't had a quarter where database license and our support business didn't ever grow. So -- and the options, just to follow up, a little bit of color, the autonomous options actually grew the fastest of the group of options. So again, while the trials are what I said, when you have thousands of trials and they're growing monthly, which is, again, to Larry's point, about next year's impact on revenue, the options are a pretty good precursor to that, that you're seeing those options like Active Data Guard, multi-tenant, et cetera, that are really driving the options growth that Larry described. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. 
Philip Winslow: Just wanted to follow up on, Larry, your last comment there about the Autonomous Database. I mean, obviously, the transactional database just came out in August and the data warehousing one earlier this year, but what has the feedback has been from customers? Sort of why is the interest level growing? Is it cost? Is it the availability, et cetera? Maybe just some more color on sort of what you're hearing from clients now that the 2 options have been live out there. And then just to your point there about sort of the adoption life cycle, wondering if you can step us through that, like, what are the key milestones you think sort of customers need to see to then start hitting sort of the inflection point on adoption? 
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. I'll say that the thing I thought would drive the autonomous usage was reduction of labor cost, more -- you eliminate human labor, you lower cost. You eliminate human labor, you lower errors. What has really been driving it is productivity. They've been able to get -- we've had customers that literally got their databases up and running in 15 minutes. And that -- existing customers, existing DBAs put another system in 15 minutes, whereas a normal time to put something like that up was 15 days. So the fact that the existing teams of DBAs, our primary customers can make themself as dramatically more productive, get 10x more done in the same time period than they could prior to the Autonomous Database has been the thing that has been most shocking to our customers. And it's the thing that's driving -- that we think is actually going to drive the migration more so than, if you will, closing data centers and reducing labor cost. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah Hindlian with Macquarie. 
Sarah Hindlian: This is a question for Safra and Mark. It's obviously a very turbulent market out there. So I'd kind of appreciate it if you could both tell us a little bit about what you're hearing from customers when you meet with them. What are they telling you about how they see the world in light of all the volatility that's going on? 
Safra Catz: Well, many of our customers, especially those moving to SaaS and moving to the cloud are looking for ways to increase productivity, to spend a lot less money running their back offices and to get real business insight from the technology, and there is an immense amount of excitement around it, frankly. In fact, a number of our customers that may use one of our cloud products are now moving to our other cloud products without even doing a full RFP and competitive analysis because they've been so satisfied with our products. In fact, just today I got a call from a very well-known company and they've already picked our ERP and were so happy they're just going to roll out HCM and supply chain management now next. So there is a lot of enthusiasm around our products as a general matter, regardless of the economy, our products save them money. So it gives them more money to invest in other things and that's what, obviously, I focus on with them. 
Mark Hurd: I'd say, listen, Sarah, most of our customers want to focus on their business, focus on growing their business. They want to focus on their customers and what they do to make money. I think IT and I know you all know this, but most of what's going on in business IT today is most of the big budgets are spent on maintenance, keeping the existing applications, the existing infrastructure just running, very little innovation. The chance here with the products we have is now to change basically their paradigm, to shift their IT budgets to our R&D budgets and this is very attractive to our customers. The transfer of the work from them to us and while they do it to use the line Larry always uses, which is they have to be willing to spend less as they do that and then they get all this innovations sort of at the same time. So the fact -- and this has now become something that we don't have to evangelize to Safra's point. It's sort of becoming more mainstream in every dialogue. I mean, this last week I was in the Midwest, saw tens of customers. And I would tell you, it's one of the first trips where I didn't spend evangelizing much. I spent more time really talking about what we could do, meaning the maturation of the market now is, as a normal course of business, how can we help save money, get more innovation at the same time. And by the way, I'll just add to Larry's point, while he talked about great advantages, customers do want to get out of data centers, they do want to get out of servers, they do want to get out of infrastructure, they typically don't help our customers advance their business. So when you can do all this for them and you can help them save money and drive innovation, this is a big deal out in the market and this is what our customers are talking about. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. 
Raimo Lenschow: Can I -- given that the comps are getting easier on the apps ecosystem for the second half, so there is almost kind of the room for accelerating further. Can you double click again on that ERP NetSuite strength? I mean, you have 16,000 customers, but in theory, a big market and you are reaccelerating it. Can you double click on what's working there and how big that could get over time? 
Mark Hurd: Well, sort of everything. So just to be clear on NetSuite, there's 3 -- and I've been through this before, but at the risk of going over it again, there are 3 core tenets as we bought NetSuite that we really focused on. One was, we believe they were underserved in terms of the amount of sales resource they had in the marketplace. We've increased that dramatically, both domestically and make sure I'm clear to you. Remember, a lot of the growth we've had in NetSuite isn't just international, it's domestic. They've had a tremendous run in The United States of America, just simply getting them more customers. And we've also expanded their resource internationally and we've grown internationally. So just more sales resource has been part of it. Second, we've increased their R&D to get to more countries. So we've released 19.1, we're now in -- I'm sorry, 18.1 and 18.2. We're now covering more and more countries than we were before. So we have more sales people with more product available in more locations. Third, we're very focused on industries. So when we say industries, we don't mean something like just retail. We actually go into micro segments into the marketplace like campus bookstores and say, we're going to really get features for that discreet micro segments. So those 3 fundamentals of more sales resource, more countries, more micro segments, those are the 3 key fundamentals that we've driven. By the way, we follow a lot of that same formula with Fusion, which is really sort of the same formula that we drive there. NetSuite has just done a great job, that team has done a great job. And if I haven't been effusive enough about it, I'm thrilled with their performance and what they've done and their future. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James. 
Michael Turits: If Autonomous Database does as well as you expect, what's the impact of that on Infrastructure as a Service? Is there a feedback there? 
Lawrence Ellison: Well -- okay. Yes, Autonomous Database and -- Exadata services and Autonomous Database we think will be between 1/3 and 1/2 of Infrastructure. So obviously, it's going to drive infrastructure. It is the driving force in infrastructure. We think moving the -- in fact, if we did nothing but run Oracle applications in the Oracle Public Cloud and Oracle ISV applications, so all we did was move Turner over and all these other guys over and all of these existing Oracle applications, we'd be more than 10x bigger than Amazon. If that's all we did. But we -- of course, we're ambitious to do more than that. We have the big SaaS business as well, but the Oracle database will drive the infrastructure business. It will be between around 50% of that business and maybe more. 
Safra Catz: Okay. I think that's it for us. Let me just say one other thing to the extent that Autonomous Database does very well. Also, you can imagine that our margins on PaaS, IaaS they just go through the roof. So the more of our infrastructure that is -- is that not only are the revenues up, but the margins really skyrocket. 
Ken Bond: Okay. Thanks, Safra. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up question on this call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thanks for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Victoria for closing. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-09-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Now I'd like to turn today's call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Victoria. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief of Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd.
 As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra. 
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll first go over Q1 before moving on to my guidance. I'll then turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments.
 Once again, we had another solid quarter. Constant currency revenue growth was slightly above the midpoint of my guidance, and earnings per share was $0.03 above the midpoint of my guidance. As in prior quarters, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates because that's how we also look at the business.
 Total cloud services and license support revenues for the quarter were $6.6 billion, up 4% in constant currency. This accounted for 72% of total company revenue, and the bulk of it is recurring revenues. In terms of ecosystems, GAAP applications total revenues were $2.8 billion, up 7% and GAAP platform and infrastructure total revenues were $4.7 billion, up 2%.
 Drilling in a little. Total cloud revenues grew in all regions, and in terms of product categories, ERP grew in the 30-plus percent; verticals grew in the 40-plus percent; and public cloud PaaS and IaaS grew in the 20-plus percent. Mark will have much more detail when he speaks.
 Total revenues for the quarter were $9.2 billion, up 2% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $3.8 billion, up 3% from last year, and the operating margin was 41%, same as last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.1%, slightly below our base rate of 20%. And our non-GAAP EPS was $0.71 in U.S. dollars and up 19% in constant currency. The GAAP tax rate was 10.8%, and GAAP EPS was $0.57 in U.S. dollars and up 16% in constant currency.
 Operating cash flow over the last 4 quarters was a record $15.5 billion. Over the same 4 quarters, capital expenditures were $1.6 billion
 [Audio Gap]
 of which approximately 64% will be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. We remain committed to creating value for our shareholders through internal investments and targeted acquisitions as well as with stock repurchases and dividends. This quarter, we repurchased 212 million shares for a total of $10 billion.
 Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased 440 million shares and reduced the absolute shares outstanding by over 8.5% while growing free cash flow 10%. The Board of Directors increased the authorization for share repurchases by an additional $12 billion and again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.19 per share.
 Now before I go to guidance, a quick comment on ASC 606, which we adopted this quarter. The estimated $86 million effect to Q1 of last year, FY '18 revenues, which we had posted on our website last quarter, ended up being $83 million instead of the $86 million so basically about right.
 Turning to currency. Exchange rates have moved from a 1% headwind to now being a 2% headwind to revenue and a $0.01 to $0.02 headwind to earnings per share, depending on rounding. Now I'm not sure what it will be by the end of this quarter, so with that, the guidance.
 Total revenues are expected to grow from 0 to 2% in constant currency because we have a tough comparison with last year's revenue, especially license. I expect second half revenue growth will be higher. Also, we remain committed to delivering a higher revenue growth rate for all of fiscal year 2019 when compared to that of last fiscal year.
 Assuming current exchange rates, non-GAAP EPS for Q2 in USD is expected to grow between 11% to 15% and be between $0.77 and $0.79. And non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow between 12% to 16% and be between $0.78 and $0.80. Once again, we expect to deliver double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth for fiscal year 2019.
 My EPS guidance assumes a base tax rate of 20%. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary from our base rate, but I expect that in normalizing for these onetime tax events, our tax rate will average around 20% for fiscal year 2019.
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments. 
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. Thanks, Safra. All right. Oracle has 2 strategic products that will determine our future. Our cloud ERP product is the strategic key to our success in the SaaS applications layer of the cloud. And our autonomous cloud database is the strategic key to our success in the IaaS or infrastructure layer of the cloud.
 Oracle is already #1 in ERP cloud market share with over 20,000 Fusion and NetSuite customers. Customers are buying Fusion ERP to replace their existing SAP on-premise ERP systems, and customers are buying Fusion ERP to replace their existing Workday cloud ERP systems. ERP is the largest segment in the application business. Continuing our rapid growth in the cloud ERP market puts Oracle well on its way to becoming the world's largest SaaS applications company. That's our strategy and current market position in the SaaS layer of the cloud.
 In the IaaS or infrastructure layer of the cloud, we have the world's most popular and technically most advanced database, the Oracle Autonomous Database. The Oracle Database is so much better than other databases. Even our biggest competitors use it to run their businesses. Salesforce.com uses Oracle to run their sales automation cloud. SAP uses the Oracle Database to run their cloud services and nearly all their on-premise customers. Even Amazon uses the Oracle Database to run most of their business.
 Now that the Oracle Autonomous Database is running in our second-generation bare metal cloud infrastructure, customers can both lower their labor costs and cut their Amazon bill in half by running the Oracle Database on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. The Oracle Autonomous Database automatically patches itself while running to prevent data theft. No other database can do that. We think these are compelling advantages, with the Amazon infrastructure business. We think these compelling advantages will allow us to compete very effectively against Amazon in the infrastructure business. Today, we may be behind Amazon in infrastructure market share, but we are way ahead of Amazon in cloud infrastructure technology. We think that will allow us to gain market share in infrastructure in the cloud very, very rapidly.
 I'll turn it -- with that, I'll turn it over to Mark Hurd. 
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Larry. I'll give you a few numbers and then a few wins in the quarter. First, our apps ecosystem. 91% of our trailing 12-months revenue is now recurring in apps ecosystem with GAAP apps ecosystem now greater than $11 billion in trailing 12-months revenue, up 7% in the quarter. We're growing faster than market with, as Larry mentioned, an enormous opportunity ahead of us. Nearly 2/3 of applications support revenue for Oracle is ERP or HCM, with most on-premise customers at a very early stage of moving those back-office apps to the cloud. I do expect our apps ecosystem to grow roughly double digits for this year.
 In SaaS, Safra mentioned a few numbers. Let me give you a few more. Overall ERP and HCM now annualized revenue is greater than $2.5 billion. Fusion ERP was up 40% in revenue organically. NetSuite ERP had a spectacular quarter. Revenue is -- I think we've mentioned through previous calls the momentum we've been seeing in NetSuite. We were up 26% in revenue, and bookings were almost up 40%, 39% in the quarter. That follows on a bookings growth that was greater than, call it, roughly 70% for NetSuite in Q4.
 Our verticals were up 41%, and annualized revenue is now $800 million. Our tech ecosystem in GAAP is now greater than $21 billion on a trailing 12 months basis and Q1 was up 2%. Bring your own license continues to perform well as both Q1 database new license and support revenue were up mid-single digits.
 Now I'm going to shift to talking about a few customer wins in the quarter. I'm going to try to keep it to a few. But I want to give you a flavor for some of the wins that we've -- on top of what we did in Q4, what we did in Q1. We'll talk first about ERP and what we did in that category.
 First, Academy Sports, a nice win for us in North America; Airbnb, they bought ERP, and Larry mentioned, this is actually a replacement of Workday Financials at Airbnb. TOMS, they're a retailer, very nice win for us. They also bought not just ERP but bought HCM as well as a package back-office deal in the quarter. Legg Mason, many of you may know, is an investment adviser. Legg Mason bought ERP in the quarter. That also was a replacement of Workday Financials.
 I'll talk a little bit about a company called Federal Express. FedEx is, in the FedEx side of the house, a traditional Oracle user. They bought a company called TNT in Europe that was an SAP user, and they are now going to standardize all of their ERP on Oracle Fusion ERP. In addition to that, they bought payroll from us in the quarter. They happen to be a Workday HCM customer but bought payroll from Oracle. This is one of the more significant transactions we've had of course of a -- over a course of a number of significant transactions but a very strategic and significant one with the replacement of SAP as a combination of a migration of an existing Oracle customer.
 A few other customers: city of Sunnyvale; Equity Bank in Europe; the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation bought ERP. And I'm still on ERP, just to be clear. Highmark Health; Noble Corporation, obviously a big oil and gas driller, $4 billion, $5 billion company, nice win for us in the quarter; Santander, consumer part of their business is going to Oracle ERP; Saudi Telecom, another combination ERP, HCM customer in the quarter; the state of Nebraska; TIAA, another investment firm, again, another ERP win in the quarter.
 Talk a little bit about HCM. VITAS Hospice Healthcare bought also a bit of ERP in the quarter, a relatively large HCM transaction for us in the quarter; Canon, that many of you will also know; Allnex, manufacturing company in Europe; Fortive, a significant customer, HCM win; the government of Saskatchewan. Marriott, one of the biggest HCM transactions that we've ever taken down, we took down in the quarter as well.
 I thought I'd mention, at the same time, another back-office category that's becoming more significant for us, which is Supply Chain Management. Our SCM product has been out now a while. The number of customers now, again, significant. Prospect Medical healthcare company; Rotary International; Academy Sports again, as you can see, a portfolio deal for us in ERP in the quarter; Beckman Coulter, a $6 billion company going to Oracle Supply Chain Management in the cloud; city of Sunnyvale, which I mentioned earlier; Noble Energy, which you saw me mention earlier; Zebra Technologies, which I mentioned earlier. So again, significant amount, as you can tell in the back office. Once you win ERP Financials, the opportunity to then get HCM and supply chain management is significant.
 I thought I'd close by just mentioning a few infrastructure wins in the quarter, and these are both infrastructure and PaaS wins: AIG, Emerson Electric, Hermes Parcelnet, Nuance Communications, Network Rail, Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company, Swiss Re, Toronto Dominion, Standard Industries.
 And I thought I'd also mentioned a couple of ISVs. I traditionally don't talk about ISVs as much, but in the quarter, pretty significant ISVs: FICO, Seiko and HighJump. HighJump's the leading provider of supply chain software management and warehouse advantage, in some of the -- they'll be using our platform and our cloud to deliver their applications into the market. Seiko is an e-commerce payment platform. FICO is a leading analytics software company in the sort of personalization space. All will be using the Oracle PaaS platform as the base by which they bring their software to market.
 With that, I'll close by just saying, listen, our pipeline, as you can tell by these -- I hope you can tell by these wins, our SaaS pipeline is at a record level and to Larry's point, led by both ERP. And that's not just Fusion now but the NetSuite improvement is material and significant. Our pipeline in PaaS is also at the highest level it's been. And it was, overall, a solid quarter for us. Looking forward to Safra's point earlier, we do expect revenue growth in the second half to be higher than last year and EPS will grow double digits for the year. 
 With that, I'll give it back to Ken, and then we'll take your questions. 
Ken Bond: Thanks, Mark. Victoria, if you would please instruct audience on the questions, we'll go ahead and get started with the Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. 
S. Kirk Materne: I just have a question for Mark regarding the applications business. Obviously, you spent a lot of time outlining some of the wins this quarter. Can you just unpack maybe a little bit more of your confidence in terms of the business heading into the rest of the year? I'm just kind of curious how much of that comes from maybe some of your existing customers finally moving onto the cloud in terms of the ERP and maybe HCM areas and just your confidence that the improvement in NetSuite you saw this quarter is sustainable as we go forward from here. 
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Kirk. I just don't know what words I can use to get -- to show more confidence in the apps business than what I've done. I think the NetSuite performance is sort of, Kirk, the way I'd describe it, it's sort of the best of NetSuite and the best of Oracle combined. We've had significant -- I think the management team in NetSuite has done a great job. Our attrition is down. We've also been able to supplement the NetSuite sales organization with our traditional recruiting, our traditional college hires. And frankly, they've done a fantastic job incubating them, absorbing them and getting them productive. They probably wouldn't have done this as a public company because of short-term quarterly earnings per share requirements. We invested in them. I think I've mentioned that before, both in R&D and in sales. And to be very blunt with you, it's paid off. In Q4, bookings numbers were spectacular. That translated to Q1 revenue growth. Their Q1 bookings were a little bit ahead of the plan that I had for them. And so again, when you have this sort of bookings growth back to back, we can pretty much predict, not perfectly but pretty close to what the annual revenue is going to be, and I expect that, as I said I think in the Q4 call, they will accelerate their revenue growth from last year to this year, and it's going to be relatively material, call it, 7, 8, 9, 10 points of growth rate. I'm talking about now growth comparisons year-over-year. In the traditional Oracle business, in the Fusion business, I don't know what more I can do than read you this list of customers. I mean, this is just a broad set of customers across regions. And now that we're bringing on both supply chain, as I've tried to mention and outline a few supply chain wins, supplemented by now the maturation in our manufacturing -- the great news about this business is most of the people we compete with aren't in a great position to bring their customers to the cloud. If you will -- I'm saying now, Kirk, the traditional ERP on-premise vendors. So our HCM business, I talked about. So my confidence level on the apps ecosystem is pretty high. 91% of our revenue, as I mentioned, is recurring. So our ability to predict our pipeline, our conversion rates are quite high. The morale of our team -- listen, let me lay -- end it this way. Our team here at Oracle believes their destiny is to win every deal. That's how they believe -- they believe that we're in a position, from a technology perspective, to be in a position to win virtually every deal, and that's the attitude we go into with this. It's a long answer to tell you, confidence on my side is really high. It shows up in our pipeline and our results. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah Hindlian with Macquarie. 
Sarah Hindlian: Mark, Kirk asked about the apps ecosystem, and you're clearly bullish on that. But can you talk to us a little bit about some of the bookings trends you're seeing in the overall tech ecosystem? And then as a follow-up, Mark, I'd really appreciate it if you could let me know what's going on with Thomas Kurian and provide us with some sort of an update. That would be greatly appreciated. 
Mark Hurd: I got the second question. I think the first question was bookings trends? 
Sarah Hindlian: It's really around cloud bookings. 
Mark Hurd: Okay. All right. I got it. First, I'd say -- let me try to give you as much clarity as I can. In our next-gen PaaS infrastructure business, we're talking about mid-20s sort of growth rate in bookings. Early days, to sort of Larry's point, but very encouraging in terms of these sort of short-term results we have. When you start seeing, as early indicators, ISVs move, and that's one of the reasons I outlined the ISVs, this is really good news because ISVs are some of the most discriminating -- it's sort of like our GBUs. They're probably the biggest ISV I know of. And their excitement to move to, what Larry's describing as our Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, is how fast can we get that done. And now when you see other ISVs lining up, these are very strong indicators to us of our future as it relates to OCI. And nobody can do what we can do with the Oracle Database on OCI that Larry already mentioned -- already mentioned that. I think I've talked about the SaaS bookings growth. Our bookings overall in cloud for the quarter accelerated on a rate basis. The growth rate accelerated. So that was, obviously, a good indication for us of overall bookings growth. Again, I'm trying to focus you more on the revenue long run, is I think the best indicator of where we are. Bookings to us was a good description before we had revenue. And so what I'm trying to do now is keep you focused on really what the prize is because if the bookings don't translate to revenue, they don't mean anything to us. So we're trying to get very focused on revenue. That has a couple of other aspects to us, which is also our renewal rates, making sure -- our renewal rates, we believe, are continuing to improve if you start looking at our renewal rates as they go forward. So the combination of bookings and renewals going up gives us a better revenue outlook. On Thomas Kurian, which I think was your question, Thomas is a good guy, works awful hard. He's taking a break, and we expect him back. 
Sarah Hindlian: That's very helpful. Is there a time line on when he'll be back? Or is it just some kind of over the next few months, something along those lines? 
Mark Hurd: Well, I'll stick to what I said. He's taking a break. We expect him to... 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Crédit Suisse. 
Brad Zelnick: I've got one for Larry and a quick follow-up for Safra. Larry, with the introduction of autonomous database, you've committed to a more accelerated innovation cycle. And you now have the next major database version 19c just around the corner? How do you envision the newer cadence impacting customer adoption patterns and ultimately, the purchasing cycle? 
Lawrence Ellison: Well, I think people are moving to the cloud infrastructure. Again, it's very early days. So there are 2 things that are going on. We're delivering our technology in the cloud prior to making it available on-premise, it just allows us to -- it's just easier to get our cloud product out and make it available to a large number of customers for their -- for development of new applications, for the lift and shift of existing applications. So a lot of our customers are now experimenting with a data warehouse here. And there's now an OLTP system that's available for -- with the autonomous database, and they're in the process now of trying it in the cloud. And we've gotten a lot of people that were very, very surprised. We had very positive feedback. I think the strangest one for me was someone who was running exadata on-premise, which is our -- which is, theoretically, the fastest system on which you could run the Oracle Database. They moved it to the Oracle Autonomous Database Cloud, which by the way, also runs on exadata in the cloud, and they got a 5x performance increase. And it's simply that the machine learning tuning for the autonomous database is just better than human beings, and they were shocked. And so now they're moving additional workloads to the Oracle Cloud. I think the fact that we can upgrade these things faster will actually increase the adoption rate. Albeit now, we got to confess, these are pretty early days. Our -- we have tens of thousands of database customers. A lot -- an awful lot of them are now moving their first workload and experimenting with their first workloads in the cloud. Once they get through that process, I think we'll have a very, very rapid migration of workloads from on-premise into the Oracle Cloud. 
Mark Hurd: Just to add numbers to Larry's point, I mean, if you looked at the quarter, I said we had mid-single digits growth in database, license and database support. The real driver of that was the options that come along with autonomous database. So multi-tenant Active Data Guard and RAC were really the leading drivers of that growth. 
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I'd like to just follow up on what Mark said. People are bringing their own database license to the cloud. So what we're seeing is they want to use autonomous database in the cloud. Autonomous database requires the multi-tenancy option, and it requires real application clustering option. And they're trying it. They try it. They're getting great performance. They're getting terrific availability. They go back and then do a license deal where they acquire the pieces that are missing, of multi-tenancy and Real Application Clusters, and then they lift their entire license from on-premise and move it to the cloud. And we think that's going to be the vast majority of our cloud -- our database cloud customers are going to be taking their existing on-premise license, augmenting it with certain new features required for autonomous database and then buying the infrastructure piece in the cloud while bringing their own license. 
Brad Zelnick: Just quickly for Safra. We continue to see you express a strong opinion on the value of your stock, buying back $10 billion worth of shares this quarter and the additional authorization as well. How should we think about the rate and pace of buybacks versus other uses of cash going forward? 
Safra Catz: We think our stock is an unbelievable buy, so we are buying it back. And I'm not going to tell you exactly how much, but you can see I've got $20 billion in authorization, which I'll use up when I use it. But at these prices with our growing cash flows, with our earnings growing like they are, it seems like an amazing deal to buy our stocks, so we're putting our money where our mouth is, frankly. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies & Company. 
John DiFucci: My question's for Safra. Safra, cash flow grew last year for the first time in several years. So I guess, 2 questions on cash flow. One, this quarter, operating cash flow was up modestly and free cash flow was flat. Was there anything affecting cash flow this quarter relative to a year ago? And then two -- I'll let -- yes, answer that first. 
Safra Catz: Yes, so let's do this one at a time. So by the way, operating cash flow was a record, okay, both latest 12 months and in the quarter. A couple of things that move around that I don't know, you wouldn't necessarily have visibility into, which is how much of a tax deduction we get when our employees exercise their options. And compared to last year, there was a $300 million-plus difference, so less of that. In addition, with lower tax rates, you -- the value of that is lower. So I suspect that you're going to see operating cash flows and cash flows in general continue to increase because our business is growing now. And at any one time, you may see some seasonality within the working capital line but -- when we do, for example, a tax payment or something like that. But other than that, you should see an overall line going in an upward direction. 
John DiFucci: That's my second question. So you answered it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. 
Heather Bellini: I had a question, Safra, for you given Mark had great comments to say about the cloud business. But I'm wondering, is it safe to assume that the software support revenue is continuing to grow? And then my follow-up question is also if you could share any color on trends that you've seen in short-term deferred revenue in the quarter. 
Safra Catz: Okay. So yes, you should assume that support is growing. Our base continues to grow. And as far as short-term deferred revenue was, let's see, about $10.35 billion, and the reality is that gross deferred was up about 4%. We netted down quite a bit in the quarter for uncollected invoices. So invoices that had been sent out mostly for Q4 bookings and things like that, which are as yet uncollected, we net down. Other folks don't net down. And so that's our short-term deferred revenue, going great. 
Mark Hurd: One thing on support, Heather, though, just to -- I know you know this but just to be clear, there's multiple things going on inside support. Database support is growing. So it's growing rather nicely, and our renewal rates are inclining slightly. So as you know they're very high. But this quarter, we actually had a slight incline as we did in apps. But apps support revenue is declining and will continue to decline if we do our job because our job is to move them to the cloud, to move them to SaaS. And so when you ask that question, I don't want to give the wrong impression. We're -- if somebody who was looking for every line of support to grow, we're actually working against that. 
Heather Bellini: No, no, I just meant the net of it, like the database support you said is growing rather nicely. Apps is declining but the net of it is that total... 
Mark Hurd: That statement's true. I just want to make sure you know that we're seeing an incline, meaning that if you looked actually at our renewal rates, and I'd like you to know this, that our -- as a percent of what we get canceled, more of that cancellation than ever is moving to our cloud. So actually our net cancellation rate is actually declining in apps as well, but the driver of that is the movement to our cloud. So great you know that. I just wanted to make sure we didn't leave you with the wrong... 
Heather Bellini: But then just to be clear, Mark, did you say that database support attach rate is increasing? 
Safra Catz: Attach rate's 100%. It's just about renewals in database. Database installed base continues to grow. 
Mark Hurd: [ Revenue growth ]. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Sanford Bernstein. 
Mark Moerdler: Got a question for you. Cloud services and license support was slightly less than what The Street had expected. Can you drill in, help us better understand, if you had weakness, where that weakness was? Was it maintenance? Was it PaaS? Was it IaaS? Was it SaaS? How should we think about that? I'd appreciate. 
Safra Catz: Well, I think most of -- any kind of what miss from the numbers you have was that, in fact, there was really just some currency difference between when I gave my guidance and when -- and what it ended up being. So it was basically double the negative that I was expecting in the quarter. 
Mark Hurd: I would say -- so to be very blunt with you, I would say relative to Safra's point, when she gave the guidance, when we sat in the room, relative to that number on that line that you're talking about, Oracle's performance in Q1 beat that number. Now the implication of currency during the quarter moved on us from the time we mentioned it to the time we reported. So I don't -- again, back to -- I don't know what's in everybody's model, but relative to our view, we did better in that line than we did based on our forecast at the beginning of the quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo. 
Philip Winslow: Mark, you highlighted mid-single-digit growth in database license and support. Just a competitive question for both you and Larry here. What are you seeing just in the competitive environment, in database in particular, because we obviously get questions about NoSQL players and what ACID compliance means there with some of them achieving that. And then you have cloud vendors as well such as Amazon with them announcing bringing RDS on-premise. So just competitive environment there, that would be great. 
Lawrence Ellison: Again, we think we have a very, very large lead in technology. Now there's other -- there might be a reason why you decide to use a database that's not as good. If you're committed to the Amazon Cloud and you're getting a lot of stuff at the Amazon Cloud and Amazon sells Redshift or -- Amazon sells a number of different databases, right? Aurora is actually the MySQL database that we're responsible for. So people don't -- people say, okay, I'm going to use whatever Amazon has on the cloud and there are -- a number of people do that. And that happened to us in the previous generation when a lot of people chose to use Microsoft database because at the time -- it was the easily available with Windows. So we do see that. We weren't -- we're not the only database around. However, in terms of technology, if you want the highest performance, if you want the highest reliability, if you want the highest security and if you want the lowest cost, whether that performance translates into cost, the reason we're much -- the Oracle Database is much cheaper than the Amazon database is because Amazon charges per minute. We charge per minute. If we can do more in 1 minute -- twice as much in 1 minute than they can, we're half the price. So we think while people will go to the Amazon Cloud and buy whatever is there as part of the Amazon infrastructure, anyone who's actually shopping for the best database in terms of reliability, in terms of ease of use, in terms of lowest cost, they're all going to pick Oracle. 
Mark Hurd: Yes. Phil, numerically, just to end it. If you're growing mid-single digits, you have half the market and the market's growing 3, I don't know, we must have gained 1 point of share. So it's just all the points we talk about, I mean, we just -- all these different names you mentioned, and Larry talked about the technical part, numerically, it's just hard to dispute the evidence that, over the past year, 2 years rolling in quarters, we've just gained share. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James. 
Michael Turits: Michael Turits. Mark, question for you on the vertical markets. How are they doing? And how are we doing in terms of moving those vertical applications to cloud? And how do you expect that to impact the cloud growth rate? 
Mark Hurd: Well, I think the vertical businesses are continuing to make -- I made a comment in my script about their growth in SaaS being in excess of 40% for the quarter, so that's a good number. They've also now to the point where their SaaS business is bigger than their license business. So in terms of the pivot from an applications perspective, they've done, I think, a good job. Their license business, within that license business, there's another opportunity for us to do more of hosting, if you will, some of that business on our OCI cloud. Again, I mentioned earlier, they're about the biggest ISV in the world from an applications perspective, and they are perhaps the absolute best ISV test case you could ever have for the applications running in OCI. And they are beginning that move to OCI or, if you will, our next-generation cloud infrastructure. And it's going quite well. So if there's a combination of the SaaS growth, which is now 40%, as I described, and then the movement of some of those applications to our OCI, if you will, a -- sort of a hosting part of the business, both going well. So our verticals are growing. Their license business, by the way, still allows us to grow support for our vertical businesses, so overall, quite healthy. I hope that helps. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Mark. And a telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call, we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. With that, I'll turn the call back to Victoria for closing. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-06-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. Sir, you may begin. 
Ken Bond: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are: Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. 
 As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. 
 These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra. 
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. We had a terrific quarter and a tremendous number of wins in the cloud, with total revenue growth 1 point above the high end of my guidance, and earnings per share $0.05 above the high end of my guidance. 
 Before further discussing our Q4 results, I'd like to comment on updates we've made to our financial reporting, so as to better describe our business since we introduced the BYOL license initiative to our customers. BYOL, which is bring your own license, allows customers to move their existing on-premise licenses to the Oracle Cloud so long as they continue to pay support for those licenses. BYOL also makes it cost effective for customers to buy new licenses even if those licenses are only going to be used in the cloud. So some of our customers are buying new licenses and immediately deploying them in the cloud. In fact, our largest license sale in the quarter was a cloud license. Other customers, like AT&T in the release, are moving their existing licenses -- excuse me, moving the existing licenses they own to the cloud, while continuing to pay support. Support for licenses that have been moved to the cloud is Cloud Support. As a result, our new License revenue is now a combination of new cloud licenses and new on-premise licenses. Our Support Revenue is now a combination of cloud license support revenue and on-premise license support revenue. 
 To reflect these changes in our business, we have now labeled new software licenses as Cloud License and On-Premise License. And we've combined cloud SaaS, plus cloud PaaS and IaaS, plus software license updates and product support into Cloud Services and License Support. So to say it another way, customers are entering into large database contracts where some of those database licenses are to be deployed on-premise, while other database licenses are used in the cloud. Previously, all of those license and its related support revenue would have been counted entirely as On-Premise, which clearly, it isn't. In addition, customers that are in the process of moving their existing database licenses to the cloud previously had all of their support revenue counted as On-Premise, again, which it isn't. 
 We have reflected these revenue reporting updates in our expense reporting as well. Our cloud, SaaS and PaaS and IaaS services are all moving into our new second generation data centers based on our bare metal infrastructure with a single unified operations team. Data center expenses there are shared across SaaS, PaaS and IaaS, giving us economies of scale and other efficiencies. We've also consolidated most support functions across our software technologies in the cloud and on-premise. Sharing our teams across the different offerings allows for improved asset utilization and has a positive effect on our gross and operating margin. 
 Now that we have built a rapidly growing multibillion-dollar cloud business, our management team is focused on 2 principal financial measures to judge our success: First, we expect our overall revenue growth rate to accelerate because our growing cloud revenue is becoming a larger and larger percentage of our total revenue. While any one quarter's results may vary, we expect to increase our revenue growth rate with this year and beyond. Second, we expect that we will once again deliver double-digit EPS growth for the year. 
 Okay, turning back to our results. First, I'll go over Q4 and recap fiscal year 2018 before moving on to my guidance. I'll then turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments.
 As in prior quarters, I'll review our non-GAAP results using constant dollar growth rates, unless I say otherwise. This quarter, currency movements resulted in a 2% tailwind on revenue, which was approximately $140 million less than when guidance was given. And currency movements had a $0.02 positive impact to non-GAAP EPS, which was $0.01 less than the $0.03 which I guided to. Regardless, we've exceeded the high end of both ranges. 
 Total Cloud Services and License Support revenues for the quarter were $6.8 billion, up 5% in constant currency, 7% in U.S. dollars. Under our prior reporting structure, in Q4, what we previously called Total Cloud revenues were $1,700,000,000. 
 I cannot stress enough the stability and growth of our installed base of customers quarter after quarter. Our customers are maintaining and expanding their Oracle environment because they have portability to use our licensed software on-premise, in the cloud or via hybrid environment. This is largely because our products are capable of doing things others just can't do, whether that's security, performance, scalability or the autonomous features that only our database has. As our customers adopt our technologies, whether via licenses or cloud services, our overall customer base is growing, and that growth is starting to accelerate. The gross margin for Cloud Services and License Support was 86%, and as we continue to scale and grow, I expect this will go even higher.
 Total revenues for the quarter were $11.3 billion, up 1% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.3 billion, up 4% from last year. And the operating margin was 47%, which was up from 46% last year. 
 The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was at 19.2%, slightly below our base tax rate of 20%. And EPS was USD 0.99, up 11%, and up 9% in constant currency. The GAAP tax rate was 17.7% and GAAP EPS was USD 0.82, up 8%, and up 5% in constant currency.
 Now moving on to the full fiscal year. Total Cloud Services and License Support revenue was $26.3 billion, growing 7%. Total company revenues for the year grew 3% to $39.9 billion. Non-GAAP EPS was USD 3.12, up 11% in constant currency, and up 14% in USD. This was largely driven by the acceleration in operating income growth, which was up 9% in USD, 6% in constant currency. This is mirrored in our operating margin for the full year, which was up from 43% last year to 44% this year. As a reminder, our best ever full year operating margin was 47%, and I expect we will surpass that in the coming years as our total revenue growth accelerates and we benefit from greater scale in our business. 
 Operating cash flow over the last 4 quarters was a record $15.4 billion, up 9% in USD. Capital expenditures for the year were $1.7 billion. And free cash flow over the last 4 quarters was $13.7 billion, up 13% in USD. 
 We now have approximately $67.3 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt, our cash position is approximately $6.6 billion. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $8.4 billion, up 2% in constant currency. 
 As we've said before, we're committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 106 million shares for a total of $5 billion. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased 238 million shares for a total of $11.5 billion. Since FY '11, when we ramped up the share purchase program, we have reduced the shares outstanding by more than 20%. In addition, we have paid out dividends of $3.1 billion over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.19 per share. 
 Now to the guidance. First of all, we will be adopting the new accounting standard, ASC 606, with a full retrospective view starting in Q1. We will also provide you with the prior year results reflecting ASC 606 so that you can compare it. 
 Secondly, my EPS guidance for both Q1 and FY '19 assumes a base tax rate of 20%. However, onetime tax events could cause actual tax rates for any given quarter to vary from our base rate, but I expect that in normalizing for these one-time events, our tax rate will average around 20% for fiscal year of 2019. 
 Importantly, in regard to Q1 guidance, exchange rates have moved from a 3% revenue tailwind to now being a 1% headwind from the last time I gave guidance. That is a 4% negative move, which impacts revenue in Q1 by about $300 million. It also impacts EPS negatively by $0.03. 
 So for my guidance, total revenues are expected to grow 1% to 3% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS in USD is expected to grow between 9% and 13%. I'll do the math for you, that's between $0.67 and $0.69. And non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to grow between 11% and 15%. And again, doing the math, that's $0.68 to $0.70. 
 For the full year, we expect to have a higher revenue growth rate than FY '18 and to, once again, deliver double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. Total CapEx for FY '19 is expected to be similar to FY '18's CapEx of $1.7 billion, but it could be a little higher, depending on bookings. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Mark for his comments. 
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Safra. I thought for a change I'd just start by listing off cloud wins in Q4. Let's start with ERP. Let me just run through some of these brands: BAE; Baylor University; Cerberus Capital Management; Con Ed; Cox Communications; Danaher; Facebook; General Dynamics; Genuine Auto Parts; Intel; Johnson & Johnson; Kohl's Department Stores; Land O'Lakes; Marsh & McLennan; Mount Sinai Health System; Pernod Ricard; Scholastic Corporation; Siemens; Cleveland Clinic; Time, Inc.; United Parcel. These can be modules. In many cases, we're replacing in for SAP. Some cases, upgrading our user [ base. ] This was a fantastic ERP quarter, and not just in volume, but the quality of the brand. 
 Let me turn to HCM. Before I go into detail, let me just say, every win is versus Workday, full SOP: Akamai; AT&T; Baylor University. As you can tell, that was a dual ERP HCM win. You'll hear a few of those: City of Jacksonville; Con Ed; Delta Dental; First Data; Grupo Televisa; Ingersoll-Rand; Juniper; Lawrence Berkeley National Lab; ManpowerGroup; Mount Sinai Health System, again, a dual win if you will; Noble Energy; Providence St. Joseph Health; Sumitomo Heavy Industries; Sherwin-Williams; Time, Inc.; Toyota Motor; University of Wisconsin; DeBra Technologies. A lot of wins. And I'm -- I have more, I just don't have time. It was that sort of quarter for us. 
 As it relates to platform, 2 very significant ISVs have gone live in production with us. One, Manhattan Industries. And one of the largest networking ISVs of the world have made significant commitments to production and non-production workloads that are now live on our cloud. We beat AWS head-to-head on price, performance and breadth of services for these wins. 
 There's a little bit of mention of AT&T. I thought I'd give you an update on AT&T. AT&T, of course, is moving thousands of terabytes of data to the Oracle cloud. We have begun to migrate thousands of these databases as we speak. We expect within the fiscal year to have the AT&T data centers all connected to the Oracle cloud, migrating this massive data set. We expect this, of course, to be the first of many that we've started to sign in Q4. I mentioned a couple of the ISVs, but the importance of the progress is to be noted. 
 Just a few numbers to close up. In the apps ecosystem, 91% now of our trailing 12-month revenue is recurring. The apps ecosystem is now bigger than 11 billion. It's up 11% year-over-year. And as I think, a year ago, I mentioned that I expected our apps ecosystem to grow roughly double digits. It did. It did a little better than that. We're growing faster than the market. 
 And while I list all of these wins, most of these wins that I list are not coming from our user base. Our user base, while heavily now represented in our pipeline, Larry had a very important announcement last week, but it is still not the bulk of what is in our cloud, and that opportunity is yet ahead of us. 
 Some numbers on SaaS. Overall ERP and HCM revenue was $2.2 billion for the year. Fusion apps up 62% for the year. Fusion ERP was up 60% organically, 68% for the year. Fusion HCM was up 72% for the year. 
 I want to make sure I say this number carefully. NetSuite bookings in the quarter were up 62% in constant currency. This reflects the investment we've made in go-to-market that we started a year ago. That began to reflect itself in the performance in the back half of the year. This will lead to accelerated NetSuite revenue in 2019. 
 Our tech ecosystem is now greater than $21 billion and up 5% for the year, with the database ecosystem up 6%, and accelerating in Q4 with an exit growth rate of 7%. BYOL is clearly resonating with customers. Q4 database new license revenue was up 9%, and autonomous database is now beginning to show up in our pipeline. And we're pleased with our license revenue for our key database options, which are necessary to run the autonomous database, were up mid-teens in the quarter. Our next-generation PaaS grew 45% for the year with now total revenue of $1.1 billion. 
 I'll close by just saying I think we're executing well on what is a growing pipeline in both apps and autonomous database, a 5% top line growth and 14% EPS growth in FY '18. To Safra's point, looking forward into FY '19, revenue growth is expected to grow -- to go -- is expected to be higher than FY '18, and EPS will grow double digits for the year. Again, with that, I'll turn it over to Larry. 
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Mark. We've just about finished enabling all of our SaaS, PaaS and IaaS cloud services to run alongside each other in our new second-generation bare metal data centers. This consolidation of all 3 categories of cloud services, SaaS, PaaS and IaaS into a single standard data center, allows us to share assets while giving significant -- while giving a significant economies of scale. As a result, we expect continued expansion of our cloud margin. 
 But just as important, to have SaaS, PaaS and IaaS in the same data center makes it easier for our Fusion customers to extend those SaaS applications using our latest PaaS and IaaS technologies and capabilities. As an example, we recently demonstrated how one of our customers used our mobile service, our cloud global service, our cloud voice service and our cloud machine learning service to extend our Fusion HCM system with an Amazon Alexa voice interface for vacation requests and vacation approval.
 We've developed these new technologies, machine learning, voice and mobile, so we could voice-enable all of our applications. And we're putting those voice systems, a combination of chat bots, voice, all machine learning-driven, we're putting those voice interfaces as the next generation of our UI for Fusion ERP and Fusion HCM. The technologies that we use to add to voice interfaces to Fusion HCM and Fusion ERP are available as PaaS services in our cloud to our customers. So if there's something they want to add to Fusion ERP or HCM, they could do it using the same tools we use to build the applications in the first place. 
 We think that's a big deal. We think having SaaS, PaaS and IaaS all integrated together in the same data center is a key differentiator between Oracle and our cloud competitors, most of whom are focused primarily on SaaS only or primarily on IaaS only. With that, I guess, we'll open it up for questions. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Operator, if you please prepare the audience for Q&A. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brad Zelnick with Crédit Suisse. 
Brad Zelnick: Mark, I think it's fair to say everyone's very surprised by 9% database license growth in the quarter. I want to make sure I heard that right, and that overall database ecosystem growth accelerated in Q4, and this is even without autonomous database fully available just yet. So my question, how much of this is just customers purchasing ahead and buying into the strategic road map? Or are there other factors we should consider? 
Mark Hurd: First of all, you got those numbers right, so I'm glad, because I -- it means I said it right. And we did see acceleration in the quarter. And I think it's all of the above. And again, it's back to the point of we've had good demand sort of across the board. And the other point I tried to make, and I went through the numbers relatively quickly, was the option number. The option number in the quarter was mid-double digits, the necessary options to enable autonomous database. And I think, Brad, that's again a key number, and back to the fact that this represents to us whether that shows up in cloud revenue or license revenue. You see it start to show up in both numbers. For example, we had a really cool win in the quarter that I just ran out of time to mention it, Ford. Ford was literally a BYOL customer or a BYOL transaction in the context of it was a combination of license deal and cloud deal that in the sense of cloud, the way we would have historically reported cloud revenue at the same time. And again, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, you're just, Brad, beginning to see the beginning of autonomous database. While we've been talking about it, we went really GA with autonomous database data warehouse in the beginning of Q4, so it's just beginning to show up in our pipeline. So to all of your points, the numbers in Q4 show numerically the progress. And certainly, what we begin to see now in our pipeline is now the technology is literally rolling out. We're in hundreds and hundreds of trials and proof of concepts, and those are of course the beginning stage of all of this. So that -- we're pretty encouraged, and certainly the fact that it showed up in Q4 numbers is encouraging as well. 
Brad Zelnick: Excellent. Just a quick follow-up for Safra. Safra, it's great to see double-digit EPS growth back on the table for fiscal '19. Can you just remind us what your assumptions are that get you there, particularly on the buyback? 
Safra Catz: I don't usually give guidance on the buyback, but we view our stock as very inexpensive, and we're -- we view it as something in the range of where we've been lately. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah Hindlian with Macquarie. 
Sarah Hindlian: My first -- my question is for Larry. Larry, what you're talking about is AT&T is clearly rolling out. But the one thing I want to understand better, I'd like to understand a little bit better customer demand and adoption trends, too. But I'd also like to hear a little bit about how more regular annual database updates versus what I would consider historically to be more large and monolithic upgrades, if that can actually change any software buying patterns of the customer and if that's something you're starting to see or thinking about? 
Lawrence Ellison: Well, let's see. I think, we used to have a real -- let's say, a few years ago, you could expect a major database release every 2.5 years. Something like that was the cycle. Clearly, we're -- and when a new database release came out, that often spurred a certain degree of buying. Now we're -- we -- keep in mind, we still have a major database release coming out periodically, but it's going to come out in the -- because of the cloud now, it comes out a bit more frequently, and a lot of -- the autonomous features are being added very rapidly. For example, we came out with -- I guess, we went GA, as Mark pointed out, GA and autonomous database at the beginning of Q4. We will have our simple -- autonomous transactional OLTP system, we will call it something -- or a combination of OLTP and data warehouse integrated coming out in the next month or so. And then, a couple of months after that, we're going to have the high-performance, high-reliability OLTP system coming out. So some of the -- the autonomous features are coming out at a more rapid rate than some of the more mature features in the database. Those features that are aimed primarily at the cloud are going to be delivered at a higher rate -- I don't -- I hope that answers your question, than we have historically... 
Sarah Hindlian: Yes, that does. Yes, that does. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. 
Philip Winslow: Just a question to the team here. On the Q1 call, you talked about the legacy IaaS business versus the new IaaS business. And then, on the Q3 call, you talked about your legacy SaaS versus the newer SaaS products. And Mark, obviously, you gave some color on the newer ones in your prepared remarks. But hoping you'd just give us a little more detail, sort of just the trends that you're seeing there, call it new versus legacy IaaS and SaaS. And how are you thinking about sort of the criss-cross points there with the newer businesses that are growing quickly, sort of get big enough and keep growing fast enough to sort of offset whatever you're seeing on the legacy front? 
Safra Catz: Is it for me or for Mark? 
Philip Winslow: Jump ball. 
Safra Catz: Well... 
Mark Hurd: I'm taller, so I'll start. But I think you hit it right, Phil. I mean, listen, just to give you an example, I gave you 2 wins. I named Manhattan and a new ISV that's, I think, I used the term big networking company. That's a brand-new app to the Oracle cloud. Brand-new. Remember, brand-new app to Oracle, let me start with that. App wasn't running on Oracle, we've moved it to Oracle as well as to the Oracle Cloud. So you have a couple of different dynamics here. Yes, there's some legacy stuff and what you would think of as the traditional reporting that we use, but we're in the top of the first inning of all this. To Larry's point, we released autonomous database in April. It's showing up in trials and POCs, not in the numbers even that you're seeing here. We're getting new ISV wins that are just net new to Oracle, in addition to bringing our existing customers to Oracle. So again, we're in the law of small numbers here relative to the entire company that have tremendous upside here. But the key thing for us has been getting our products in the market, the next generation that I mentioned that I gave you a statistic on, the 45% growth rate in our next-gen PaaS infrastructure business and -- for the year. And that's obviously the next gen of it, and that's at the very embryonic stage, Phil, of the beginning of this. So -- and these wins are now just these trials and POCs, the example of the ISVs, they've yet to really just to start to boost revenue because you've got to start with the work and then you start moving to production. In fact, [ they have ] already moved -- just begun to move a couple of their customers to the Oracle Cloud as part of this. So we're at the very early phase of this, and the lines will cross obviously relatively soon here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs & Co. 
Heather Bellini: I wanted to ask a little bit about BYOL and Oracle Cloud infrastructure. And Mark and Larry, I know you guys touched on this a little bit in your prepared remarks, but can you give us a sense of where we are in the migration to BYOL? And I guess, in particular, can you give us a sense of the momentum within your enterprise accounts using these technology rights in the cloud? And how do you see the slope of this adoption curve as you look ahead? 
Lawrence Ellison: Well, I think, again, maybe the most interesting fact in the quarter was our very largest deal in terms of the new license purchase was we know the intent of this particular customer, and the intent was to deploy 100% of it in the cloud immediately. So we're seeing -- and I guess we've mentioned AT&T 35x now on the call as an example. But they're an example of a very -- one of our largest customers that really has an intent to move the majority of their Oracle data into the cloud. That's just a gigantic swing, but AT&T's unusual because they're such a large -- had so many large Oracle databases. But many of our other customers, now that we have BYOL, can move their Oracle database license off to on -- from on-premise into our cloud, and they just pay basically for the incremental infrastructure cost, and they continue paying support on what becomes a cloud license. That's a very attractive value proposition for our customers. And we see -- large numbers of our largest customers are very interested in beginning that migration process. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. 
Raimo Lenschow: Can I double click on licenses again? The -- you have tough comps because Q4 last year was strong on licenses. So -- and I know last quarter, you kind of talked about some delays on the apps, on the vertical apps side. So can you talk a little bit about like how we got to the number that we have there now between bring your own licenses, but also how to play dumb on the upside? 
Mark Hurd: Well, without sounding trite, we just sold more. And I think, at the end, it's a combination of what we said. I mean, you're exactly right. Q4 last year was a very good, strong quarter for us. So it was, if you will, a tough comp. But to Safra's opening comments, the quarter was strong for us really across every line. I mean, the only thing that really hurt us in the quarter, to be honest with you, if you look at the income statement, was currency. We went in expecting to get 3 points, we got 2. We wound up being on top of that. And so it was just a solid quarter, and I really don't have any, Raimo, discrete stories to tell you to give you more flavor. I -- obviously, the database ecosystem was strong, and clearly, the options within -- we accelerated database growth in the quarter. Database options within the context of it, particularly those that enable autonomous data warehouse were strong in the quarter. Our apps license did decline, right, in the quarter. We expected that. But frankly, it was actually relatively stable. So one, if you will, because the user base is still the scale that it is, our apps license was declining, but better than I expected within the context of that decline, if that makes sense. And so it just -- obviously, the quality of the brands on the bookings side, which don't show up in actually the income statement, was just, I don't want to say it was unexpected. It was just pleasant to see it all come through. And I just want to double-click on the NetSuite booking. The NetSuite booking, while it is what we hoped, it's so great to see because it's been such a fabulous acquisition for us. The team has done a great job. We've invested. And it showed up numerically in the bookings and that will show up in the revenue as we go forward to '19. So as I go through the quarter, and we haven't mentioned our expense structure, we just -- we've got a lot of leverage there as well, and so just as I look through the line just from an operating perspective, it was a very solid quarter. Maybe more than you wanted in your question, Raimo. 
Safra Catz: Well, also, Raimo, let me just add, we launched BYOL at the very end of Q2. And this really opened up a lot of EULAs and PULAs for our customers who are very interested in being able to deploy in the cloud and on-premise. It's of particular value to them. And so there are literally billions of dollars involved in these agreements. And many, many customers. It is very widespread and it really showed up in Q4. And it shows up in all the quarters, but of course, after BYOL, it really showed up in Q4. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. 
Safra Catz: Kirk? 
Ken Bond: Kirk, we can't hear you. Kirk, going once, twice. Operator, next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James. 
Michael Turits: I think it's probably a question for either Mark or for Larry. Can you talk a little bit about how customer demand for database in the cloud is evolving, both for new workloads and for existing workloads, and how the balance is working out by whether or not they're choosing BYOL or Database as a Service? 
Lawrence Ellison: Well, they're overwhelmingly -- at least against early days, because BYOL has only been around a couple of quarters, it's overwhelmingly BYOL because -- for new workloads and for shifting existing workloads. I mean, Oracle has -- a majority of the world's databases are Oracle databases. We're larger than IBM and Microsoft combined, who are second and third. And we have a lot more to -- and we have much bigger databases than they have and all of that. So there's just a huge inventory of information inside of these databases that needs -- and we have huge customers who would like -- that own licenses for all of this stuff. And they want to move -- not move all of it at once. I mean, AT&T has actually made a commitment to move all of it in a relatively short term. Other customers are moving, but not as rapidly. And they are buying additional options for their existing licenses, so they can move into the cloud and take advantage of autonomous services. So let me explain the situation. So you want to move 10% of your databases from on-premise into the cloud and you want to use the autonomous database. Well, the autonomous database requires that you have the multi-tenant option and the real application cluster option. So you might have database -- you might have some database licenses but might not have licensed those options. So you go ahead and enter into, what, a EULA or PULA, PULA one of these large license agreements. You add these additional options and maybe additional database licenses, and then when you have those additional options, you then -- that makes it possible for you to take advantage of the autonomous database services. Though if you don't want to use the autonomous services, you can still move your database into our cloud, you just don't get the autonomous features. But most people are very excited about the autonomous features because it at once lowers labor costs and secondly, dramatically improves security and reliability because there's no pilot error, there's no opportunity for mischief by taking out the labor. So not only do you save a lot of money by eliminating the labor, again, you have a much more secure and much more reliable system. Again, no pilot error, no mischief. So they're entering these EULAs. They're buying additional options and then they're moving their licenses over. We've been at this for a very, very long time. New workloads, all the new workloads of that -- for any given year is small compared to the 25, 30 years inventory of data that we've accumulated since we've been in this business. So again, overwhelmingly existing databases, not new workloads. Overwhelmingly BYOL as opposed to database services. Now we're getting some new exciting new workloads, don't get me wrong. The new workloads are very important to us. There are lots of cool startups, and we're going after those aggressively, and we're getting a lot of those. I know Mark mentioned earlier that a lot of our customers are not -- a lot of our new customers in the cloud are not existing Oracle customers. So obviously, those are new workloads, and we're getting a lot of those. But you said, where is the majority of it? The majority of it is inside of our installed base. They're using their existing licenses. They're buying additional options. They're moving into the autonomous database in the Oracle Cloud. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies and Company. 
John DiFucci: And my question, I think, is probably best fit for Safra. So Safra, we understand how the separation of cloud and on-premise sales sort of gets blurred with the flexibility you allow your customers with BYOL. So I think, from a high level, we all understand why you changed the way you report. But how do you get investors comfortable that this also is not obfuscating any cloud weakness? Especially like when I look -- and I know we don't have a long-term deferred revenue, but the deferred revenue looks a little bit -- it was below what we were looking for. I'm just trying to anticipate questions I'm going to be hit with tomorrow. And frankly, looking at your stock, I mean when you put the headline numbers, the stock popped. And I know you may not be looking at it minute by minute, but then when the details came out, it actually dropped. So I think that might be something, one of the reasons anyway. 
Safra Catz: All right. So let's cover everything. So first of all, there is no hiding. I told you the cloud number, $1.7 billion. You can do the math. You see we are right where we said we'd be, no surprises. Margins up sequentially, shows business is doing well. Cloud billings, strong. Nice and strong. You can hear that. You can hear it from what we're talking about as far as net deferrals. Gross referrals are actually up 5%. So this is just a collection thing with timing, and you'll see that quarter to quarter, especially Q1 from Q4. So this is not -- nothing surprised here. We don't have any bad news. In fact, what we're telling you is, in fact, that the way to understand our business better, especially with so many customers taking licenses and support that -- licenses that are supported, that we were counting and calling on-premise. When in fact, they are not deploying them on-premise, it would be -- it's simply not so. And so we want to explain to you and make sure you understand and have enough understanding of the business to see that our customers are both buying licenses and using licenses they have, which are currently being recorded as on-premise and support. They're using those, in fact, in the cloud. And that's something that's, of course, what they were designed for, frankly, and what we're very excited about. So I think between all the information I've given you, it's quite clear that we had a superb quarter and we're expecting the same next quarter. 
John DiFucci: That's helpful, Safra. But if you could just remind us when you refer to gross deferrals versus net deferrals, I know that you, Oracle, is probably more conservative than, I think, any company we cover in your reporting of deferred revenue. But if you could hit that quickly, that would be great. 
Safra Catz: Yes. I mean, from the gross deferrals, what we do is we subtract the uncollected, which is obviously a very big number at the end of Q4. Think about it. So that's all that's going on there. 
Mark Hurd: John, just Mark. I'd add, there is just no story in the gross short-term deferral story. 
Safra Catz: Exactly. 
Mark Hurd: I mean, this is a nothing burger. And I'm telling you that the gross deferrals were right on where we thought. This is, just to -- there's just nothing here. 
John DiFucci: Okay. That's really helpful. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, John. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator for closing. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-03-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Senior Vice President Larry Ellison - Chairman and Chief Technology Officer Safra Catz - Chief Executive Officer Mark Hurd - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John DiFucci - Jefferies Adam Holt - MoffettNathanson Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Mark Moerdler - Sanford Bernstein Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Now I’d like to turn today’s conference over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements also are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors. And other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. As a reminder, Safra’s comments today will use constant dollar growth rates unless stated otherwise and Mark’s comments will use U.S dollar growth rate. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revisit our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we’ll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q3. I’ll then review guidance for Q4 and turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. As you can see, we had another solid quarter. But before discussing Q3, let me just point out that the GAAP income statement was impacted by one-time net charge totaling $6.9 billion related to 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This is clearly a onetime event, so for use of comparison, we have excluded it from our non-GAAP calculation. Now back to the quarter. Total cloud and software revenue were $8 billion, up 7% and up 3% in constant currency. Inside of cloud and software revenue, GAAP total revenue for application, which is new licenses, license updates including support and SaaS were $2.7 billion, up 9% or 6% in constant currency and GAAP total revenues for platform and infrastructure, which is new licenses, license update, including support and PaaS and IaaS were $5.3 billion, up 8% or 3% in constant currency. Cloud SaaS revenue for the quarter was $1.2 billion, up 21% on a GAAP basis from last year in constant currency with -- on non GAAP basis with Fusion Cloud revenues up 52% in constant currency. Cloud PaaS and IaaS revenues for the quarter were $416 million, up 24% from last year in constant currency. Cloud PaaS and IaaS revenue, excluding legacy posting services, saw growth of 49% in constant currency and 56% in U.S dollars. As legacy hosting services become smaller part of total PaaS and IaaS, the underlying growth of PaaS and next generation IaaS will be more visible. As for cloud margins, our SaaS business continues to scale in grow and the gross margin has expanded to 67%, up from 65% last Q3. We expect to see further improvement and remain committed to our goal of 80% PaaS gross margin. Now the gross margin for PaaS and IaaS was 35%, down from last year. However, in looking ahead, I believe we’re at the point where PaaS and IaaS gross margins will begin to improve with Q4 slightly higher than Q3. Total new license and less license updates, including support revenues were $6.4 billion, up 4% in USD with software updates and support revenue of over $5 billion for the first time ever, reflecting continued excellent renewal rate and the strength of our installed base of customers. Total non-GAAP revenues for the company were $9.8 billion, up 1% from last year in constant currency and up 5% in U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.3 billion, up 4% from last year in constant currency 9% in U.S. dollars. The operating margin was 44%, which was up from 43% last year. There were a couple of the one-time in and out in the expenses impacting this but basically the operating margin has now increased year-over-year for sixth consecutive quarters. And while I can’t promise this will happen every quarter, I do expect that operating margin will continue to expand. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was materially lower than guidance at 16.1%, reflecting the impact from the new tax law, as well as other one-time benefits. The GAAP tax rate was 222%, reflecting the $6.9 billion tax charge related to the new tax law. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.83, up 20% in USD and up 15% in CD. The GAAP loss per share was $0.98, driven by the one-time charges related to the new tax law. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was $15.2 billion, up 13% in U.S dollars and free cash flow over the last four quarters was $13.3 billion also up 13% in U.S. dollars. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $286 million and we expect that cloud CapEx spending will continue to be driven by our ARR and should we see higher than expected ARR growth, we’d expect to see higher CapEx as investments as well. We now have more than $70 billion in cash and marketable securities, net of debt our cash balance is nearly $10 billion, the short-term deferred revenue balance is $8 billion, up 4% in constant currency. This quarter we repurchased nearly 81 million shares for a total of nearly $4 billion. Over the last 12 months, we repurchased $143 million shares for a total $7 billion and we also paid out dividends of nearly $3.2 billion. The Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.19 per share. As we move to Q4 guidance, I want to remind you that we have a bit of a tough comparison as the last Q4 we beat our EPS guidance by $0.10. I will give you guidance for non-GAAP Q4 in U.S. dollars and also in constant currency. Assuming prior exchange rates, currency could be as much as 3% positive on total revenue and $0.03 positive on earnings per share, so for Q4. Cloud revenues including SaaS, PaaS and IaaS are expected to grow 19% to 23% in USD, 17% to 21% in constant currency. Total revenues are expected to grow from 1% to 3% in USD and negative 2% to 0% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS in USD is expected to be between $0.92 and $0.95 and EPS in constant currency expected to be between $0.89 and $0.92. This assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of around 20%. The important thing for you to know is that for fiscal 2019, I expect the new tax law will translate for us to a tax rate of 19.5%. However, in any given quarter, we could see one-time tax events that will cause our actual tax rates to vary from our base rate, but I expected a normalizing for these one-time tax events our tax rate will average around 19.5%. With that, I will turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Safra. I'm just going to start with a few customer wins for the quarter and then make a couple of comments and I’ll turn it over to Larry. First, in ERP wins, Avis Budget Group, Barrick Gold, by the way also bought HCM at the same time, Baylor Scott & White Health, ERP and Fusion HCM; Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida Fusion ERP, Broadcom Fusion ERP; Caesars Entertainment, Fusion ERP and HCM; Dubai Ports, Fusion ERP; Eastern Line Technologies, Fusion ERP; Master Lock; MTM Group; William Morison Supermarket, all Fusion ERP; and HCM Arthur Gallagher; City of Memphis, again Dubai Ports; Grant Thornton; Henkel's McCoy, Marina Healthcare, also MTN brought HCM; National Oilwell Varco; Principle Financial Group; First Group, also William Morrison Supermarkets, and a really-really large U.S. bank who bought HCM from us which is one of the largest HCM transactions in ARRs that we have ever received. With that a couple of comments on a quarter. Safra mentioned our revenue numbers up 6% with software and cloud revenue year-to-date, up 8% and operating income up 10% and EPS up 16%, up 20% in Q2. We talked a little bit about our ecosystem. Our app ecosystems year-to-date is up 12%, we continue to grow faster than the market. Less than 15% our apps customers have started to move their core apps to the cloud. Between customers that are partially moved and those not started yet, we have an enormous opportunity. SaaS bookings ARR, ARR was roughly where I expected it to be in Q3 and with SaaS revenue now approaching $5 billion, I'll focus my comments on SaaS revenue as opposed to ARR. SaaS revenue up 24%, now over $4.6 billion run rate, ERP up 62% organically, overall ERP is now $1.5 billion annualized run rate. Fusion HCM was up 71%, that's a revenue number, doesn't include the bookings that I described a couple of minutes ago, verticals up 20%. Now we move to tech. By the way on the verticals, I want to mention the 20% growth is compared up 110% last year. On our technical system, year-to-date our technology ecosystem is up at 6% with the database ecosystem also up at the same time roughly 6%. And again we’re growing faster than the market. The fact is that we are taking market share and with autonomous database just beginning to show up in our pipeline, this will only strengthen our technology ecosystem growth. As the infrastructure revenues up 28% with our NexGen PaaS infrastructure business growing 56% and we’re already over $1.1 billion annualized run rate. A few highlights Oracle clouds, which includes database and service, up 34%. Public cloud infrastructure was actually up 142%, storage infrastructure up 82%, compute infrastructure up 121%, network infrastructure up 181%. Cloud revenue of 25% growth now at $6.3 billion annual run rate and 80% of our trailing 12 months software and cloud revenue that are now recurring in nature. We're executing well on a big and growing pipeline. Our pipeline is at a record level and our year-to-date performance with top line growth at 60% USD and 16% EPS growth reflect our success. Looking forward for the full year, I expect our apps ecosystem as I said early in the year will grow around 10%. The tech ecosystem will grow around 5% and our EPS will be above 10%. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Oracle was fully autonomous self-driving database is now available in the Oracle cloud. No other cloud provider has a fully automated database. One that automatically and immediately applies security of assets without requiring any scheduled downtime. Oracle's autonomous database features are absolutely unique. There are more autonomous cloud services to come. Over the next few months, we expect to deliver autonomous analytics, autonomous mobility, autonomous application development and autonomous integration services. Oracle's new suite of autonomous PaaS services delivers an unprecedented level of automation and cost savings to our customers. Our highly automated suite of autonomous PaaS services reduces cost by reducing human labor and improves reliability and security by reducing human error. No other cloud provider has anything like it.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Holly if we could prepare the audience for Q&A please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Raimo Lenschow, Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: I had a question around IaaS, PaaS, you saw an acceleration of growth which is greater. And Mark you talked in February when we talked about bring your own license as a factor that we need to consider. Can u talk a little bit about momentum you saw around IaaS, PaaS and bring your own licenses this quarter? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Raimo, it’s why I continue to try to focus here on the ecosystem number. I mean I think again without autonomous database frankly being GA at this point being generally available as Larry mentioned a bit in his comments. We grew the tech ecosystem 6% and it shows up in different categories. It shows up in license and again licenses today are not really on prem, licensees are now currency that you can use in the cloud or you can use it on prem, so licenses are now able to be used both ways. And so we’ve seen strong database, I’d say strong database momentum in the context to being able to licenses and use in the cloud or on prem. By the way, we continue to see support grow in database at the same time. And you saw as I mentioned in my comments, growth in databases of service simultaneously 34% at all of the core next gen infrastructure categories grew in excess of 100%, storage is actually up 82% but compute up 121. We saw a good momentum. And again, the key for us so is that all tech eco system growth and I think with autonomous data base as we get a GA and build references, it’s going to do nothing to get better.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kash Rangan, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Safra, I am looking at your SaaS guidance. Clearly, the business seems moderating into the 28%-ish type growth here. At this point, how do we get the margin leverage that you’ve always talked about heading to 80%? Seems like on a year-over-year basis, you're showing an improvement but from 60%, 70% to 80% and what looks to be perhaps I am not putting words in your mouth, and it’s basically your. So seems like a pretty big leap. And I just am curious to get your thoughts how the company manages to accomplish that goal? Thank you and that’s it for me.
Safra Catz: So in running our SaaS business, it’s really now getting to a scale and we’re able to use the number of new technologies that we’re rolling out through the business that is giving us a lot more capacity. So before we had to invest more for the same amount of users than we do now and so we’ve got quite a lot of capacity improvement. And in fact we’re not going to need to make too many more infrastructure investments into the SaaS business and yet handle a much larger install base. I don’t know if anybody else wants to add to that…
Mark Hurd: For example, as we fully diployed database multi-tenancy in our SaaS, let’s say we double our capacity without spending one penny on hardware. We can help twice as many customers, twice as many transactions, twice as many users without spending one dollar. So those are technologies we can add that allow us to dramatically improve our SaaS market.
Larry Ellison: It’s a straight math, so at our current SaaS business and you now play out we’re spending $1.3 billion roughly speaking expense when you reverse engineer the gross margin. To Safra’s point, we’re just simply not having the dialog right now, dialog in the context of more expense. So if you just sell forward our bookings, you put $1 billion of revenue on the top, you’re roughly at that number.
Kash Rangan: And Mark, I think you just said that only 15% of apps customers moved to the cloud, the other 85% is ahead of you. Couldn’t the company grow again faster than SaaS given that you have a significant option and you had a few investments in it? Thank you.
Safra Catz: And to clarify, first thing you understand that that 15% have started, this is not 15% have moved all of their apps to the cloud, they just started so this is ton of room here…
Larry Ellison: There's a lot wrapped into that quote that I put out there. And so let me try to unpack it a little bit. So in terms if you looked at core, meaning I have core e-business suite solutions and I replaced it with a cloud financials SaaS application. That percent of our user base has moved is below single digits. The less than 15% number we put out is the percent of our user base that has some cloud applications that they are now using. The percent of our user base that is in our pipeline now, is getting to be fairly extent, it's multiple 10% of our user base. And to your point when we convert a AI and traditional on premise application to SaaS, we typically get 3 times the revenue. The bulk of our bookings, the bulk of our revenue today is not from our user base. In addition, one of the biggest users we have has now just migrated to the cloud and that would be us, Oracle. We have migrated the entire company to SaaS, that's an important point because we've moved really the suite of ERP capabilities that we had traditionally on premise now to cloud. So to your point the ability to accelerate that growth rate and I have not given this number what we could do by taking market share and all of the above, which we truly believe we are and we’ll continue to do by just moving the user base does turn us into a very, very large SaaS business and to your point very well accelerates our growth rate.
Mark Hurd: I would like to add one thing to that is that we have some very high growth rate SaaS businesses like ERP and HCM, and we have some that we developed organically and we have some slower growth rate SaaS businesses that we've acquired many years ago. As the mix changes, you see all the growth is coming from Fusion ERP, Fusion HCM, NetSuite, it's also we expect after the quarter, this quarter -- great part of this quarter. As you see this shift to the higher growth rate SaaS services, I expect as our mix changes Fusion ERP, Fusion HCM and that's where it became a larger percentage of the total, again to growth mark, the math just says the growth rate should accelerate because of the mix change. I also think that's very important. Also the renewal rates, the renewal rates are much higher in the high growth SaaS services. So Fusion ERP, Fusion HCM, NetSuite have much higher renewal rates than we have in some of the older acquired SaaS products. So the combination of faster sales and higher renewal rates should dramatically increase our growth rate in our SaaS business. So you raised a simple question and you got a lot of guys in there…
Kash Rangan: Analytical answer from Larry, thank you.
Larry Ellison: And the reason I say to you because it's important to understand we actually don’t have a SaaS business that really grows at the rate we report SaaS. We have acquired businesses that are growing low single digits that we've had for a while, Fusion growing mid-60s with the potential to grow higher. We have NetSuite that we acquired that's growing mid to high-teens, but to Larry's point, we think it's going to start we're start to seeing the numbers grow faster and then vertical businesses that are growing roughly 20.
Mark Hurd: And as you see fusion becoming a more and more -- a larger and larger percentage of our total SaaS business then the change in mix you've got -- right now you would certainly have a very large fusion SaaS business growing at a high rate was then works those slower growing acquired businesses. So the reacceleration again to grow Mark it's just the matter of amount.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci: My question also I think has to do with the BYOL and I'm just trying to figure this out. So Mark from our field due diligence the flexibility offered customers would be BYOL as something they really appreciate. And it's certainly unique out there just no one else doing that and that's other vendors getting pressure to do, because you guys are doing it. I guess when I look at your results here and I see the cloud revenue been moderating pretty aggressively over the last couple of quarters, I buy into the whole ecosystem thing that you’re talking about, it makes sense to me that BYOL will have that -- that would be a result. But I'm just to figure it out, because it looks pretty aggressive. And I'm getting pinged with emails too. And is that what it is or is it the large numbers too? And I am not sure if we’re going to -- you said it accelerate a couple of times you used that word, and when I think of that whole ecosystem. Well that whole ecosystem is that what you guys think will start to happen at some point hopefully in the near future?
Mark Hurd: Well that was about 20 questions. So I'm going try to do my best to unpack it. I guess we were talking -- you started talking about database and then you introduced my comments on acceleration, which was mostly in apps and mostly around one portion of the apps ecosystem, which is SaaS. Let me go to tack answer, and Larry is going to want to chime in on this as well. The concept around BYOLs we don’t want our customers to pay twice. So they get the opportunity to buy our license they can bring that license with them to the cloud and they can bring for example a database license to the cloud, and I'll take advantage of that by the appropriate infrastructure compute, storage and then with that perhaps some automation. And if the customers choose to buy that way that will improve our license business in the way it's reported and it may have an effect on our cloud business and tech. And that's why I focus you on the ecosystem growth and the ability for us to grow faster. And then you have to add to it. We are just really bringing autonomous database to the market now. So that's going to go through its phases to bring the market. That and I told you this John over the past several quarters, our tech ecosystem without autonomous database, it's been taking a little bit of share. I think autonomous database is the most important thing we've announced in years. And I don’t think the autonomous database -- I don't want to be sarcastic, because I don’t want to be miss-print it, it will accelerate our tech ecosystem growth.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Adam Holt, MoffettNathanson.
Adam Holt: We've been very focused on here, your total new license or new software revenues which includes license revenue and cloud. There's been some movement about which has been a little bit better, which has been a little bit worse in the last couple of quarters. But how should we -- if we were to boil down all the comments you’ve made on last couple of questions. Think about the mix between license growth and cloud on a go forward basis. Do you think that license growth could get close to breakeven? And then just for your Safra, you started to really buyback some stock, which we love this quarter. Could you give us maybe a sense for what we should be thinking about from a share count perspective going forward? Is this the new normal on now the buyback level? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Well, I don’t usually tell you in advance how much I’m going to buyback. So we did $4 billion in this quarter, seems like a reasonable amount to do. Haven’t really -- don’t really know what to tell you, because I don’t usually give guidance from my buybacks, don’t expect it to exceed that in the next quarter.
Adam Holt: And then the question about license mix versus cloud?
Larry Ellison: Well, there is no doubt that BYLO, when you're bringing your license to the cloud, encourage your customers to continue license purchases, it did give a buy more data base licenses, continue to buy data base options like multi-tenancy to buy data bases, data base options like real applications clustering and the like. So you will see -- and again our customers love the idea that once they make an investment in the license, they can use that license on premise or in the cloud, you can deploy it either place. So where historically people have thought of our license business as our traditional on premise business that is -- in fact that is simply not the case. In fact, our license business is now more and more -- our licenses are being deployed in our cloud. By the way, it’s not just -- they're not just being deployed in our cloud, our licenses are being deployed in the sales force and the SAP cloud and the Microsoft cloud, in the Amazon cloud. So again, our license business is not our legacy business, our license technology business not a legacy business. These licenses are going to be used and are being used more and more in modern cloud, not just the oracle cloud but our competitors clouds as well.
Mark Hurd: And I guess I would just say that, I know how badly everybody want to micro analyze every single number, and it’s why I’ve tried to focus you back on this ecosystem. We’ve grown our software business year-to-date 8%. Some of that shows up in license. Some of that shows up in cloud. Now, we have a couple of drivers we’ve talked about on the call. We’ve a autonomous database, that’s going to show up in both license and cloud, it’s a fungible currency in the context of how -- to the earlier question, but I can now buy a license and I can bring it with me the cloud, it could show up in either buckets. And again focusing on the overall ecosystem growth is important, the apps, we've talked about the user base and our ability to migrate to that user base, what effect will that have, that will show that apps support revenue goes down, SaaS revenue goes up. And so these things are going to go on simultaneously and again I'll say it one more time, I think trying to micro manage every line is probably the long way to look at the company, because we've got multiple drivers here, but they're all driving towards more overall software growth, some could come in cloud, some could come in license, but we're going to continue to gain share in both ecosystem segments.
Operator: Our next questions will come from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Heather, go ahead with your questions.
Heather Bellini: Mark, I know you don’t want us to micro manage and fix data on license revenue, but you guys were seeing this segment shrink 10% to 15% over the last couple of years in '16, a big change in that performance over the last few quarters. One of the big questions that keeps coming up is what's driving the performance? And again, not trying to micro manage it, but there's a big debate of how much of it is just 12cR2 benefits and therefore maybe more one-time in nature versus maybe customers that are recommitting to Oracle ELAs, because of some of the things they see that you’re doing on the innovation front. And I guess quite frankly, people are just trying to get a sense of how they think about growth in license as a result of all that over the course of the next year?
Mark Hurd: Well, I think my answer maybe yes. But I do think at the core of it is what we talked about earlier, bring your own license, gives now the customers instead of having to figure out how much I am going to buy here or there, I now get the ability to commit to a technology and we now -- we get the customer now have a currency that I can bring to whichever monument I want, whatever quantities I want. And it now gives the customer ultimate flexibility and that's what customers want. So BYOL was a concept has given our customers a lot of relief, you add to that the fact that we also move to universal credits, now gives the customer the opportunity to make even a cloud decision and reapply those credits across multiple cloud services. So this is a very -- Heather, I would say, a very customer friendly environment we created now in terms of the way they acquire our products and it’s having an effect on the market.
Larry Ellison: Let me try to be clear about this as I could be. With BYOL, when someone brings their database to the cloud, some of that revenue goes into license and some of that revenue goes into cloud. Without BYOL, as we didn't have BYOL, and someone -- an Oracle customer went to the cloud, when 100% of revenue go to the cloud. So there's no question BYOL has lowered our cloud revenue and increased our license revenue.
Heather Bellini: And technology?
Larry Ellison: And technology.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Brad Zelnick, Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: On autonomous database cloud, Larry or Mark perhaps can you talk about the impact that it would have on converting economics from on-perm, because it would seem I have to imagine you’re going to get better multiples and the 3x that you've talked in the past as you generally get with regular data base and service?
Mark Hurd: Well, the amazing thing about the autonomous database is the only database on the planet that requires no human labor to administer the database. There are no DBAs tuning the system, there are no DBAs applying security patches, there are no DBAs backing up the system or recovering the system, it's all the done automatically. But with the bulk of the cost of running a data base is human labor, it's not buying the software, it's not buying the cloud surface, not buying the hardware or the cloud services or anything else, it's the human labor and we basically take that to zero. So there is huge value up by getting without this human labor. By the way, it's not only cost savings so I think I said earlier in my opening remarks, we also eliminate human labor, you eliminate human error that gives you a much more secure system, nobody forgets to patch something. And your CEO ends up getting fired or on the front page of the newspaper, no one forgets to apply security patch and your data is stolen, that's all automated. So you have a much more secure system. You have a much more reliable system but you have to be willing to pay less, because human beings cost a lot of money and we've automated them out of the system. So we think this new autonomous database is again maybe the most important thing Oracle has ever done in terms of data management and we are the number one data management company on the planet right now, and have been for some time. We think this is a very big deal. We think the bulk of our customers are going to move the autonomous data base. Now when we talk about migration, when you move from an on premise database to an autonomous data base, you press one button because you don’t have to set up indexes or retune it or do anything else, your data automatically moves from on premise into our autonomous database in our cloud running on high performance year that pretty much guarantees to give you -- if you’re running Exadata on premise it will run at the same speed. If you’re not running at Exadata on premise, it will run 10 times faster by moving to the cloud. And it runs multiples of times faster than Amazon. Now -- okay Oracle’s got a faster database than Amazon it's no big surprise there. But the interesting thing Amazon charges by the minute and we charge by the minute is our prices are essentially the same or close enough. If we run 10 times faster, we are 1/10 the cost of Amazon database and that's what it is. So I mean we’ve been all the public benchmarks are, you can go and look at them, we're 1/10 the cost. We automatically apply security patches, we eliminate human labor, it's a huge benefit to our customers to move to the autonomous database, it just went live a couple of weeks ago and we expect it’s going to change the profile of our company forever.
Larry Ellison: Brad, to your question about the multiple, the answer to your question is yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Moerdler from Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Safra or Mark, software support with constant currency has been growing 2%, 3% year-over-year in the recent quarters, but only at 1% this quarter constant currency. Are you seeing increased cannibalization of the on premise business by your own Oracle cloud SaaS and PaaS or there other factors that are coming in?
Safra Catz: Actually, all you’re really seeing is seasonality. If you’re asking our cancellation rate way up, they are not. And in technology and especially with BYOL there’s absolutely no reason. And in some cases for customer to cloud in the apps business, you will see cancellation. They are transacting not that large in the overall base. And so the overall cancellations for the company are actually the same. So they’ve moved at all. And all you’re seeing for the quarter is seasonality. I don’t know Mark if you want to add anything…
Mark Hurd: Everything she said is right and I’d say nothing other than to say it’s a little bit of a two different stories. So in data base support, data base support is growing I just want to make sure it’s growing. It’s growing materially, it’s not growing 1%, it’s growing more than 1%. Apps support the decline apps support decline is actually in our case is the bulk of our apps support is ERP that is the bulk of our application support. We want to migrate that to SaaS. So overtime, I have no issue if the ERP cancellation goes up as we migrate those customers I talked about earlier does that. And to Larry’s earlier about point of about BYOL, BYOL very likely will have the impact of continuing growth in the tech, support part of our business and the applications now that I described is very much a byproduct of the migration of our support through to SaaS. Does that help?
Mark Moerdler: Just quick follow up. Is it the seasonality then so that Q3 is going to be weaker effectively and other quarters are better. Is that the way should be thinking models, can you give more detail?
Safra Catz: It just happens to be when we do the renewal. So I think you will see a return. And because you asked -- you compared a full year to one quarter and I think you will see that it recover I mean as Mark just said, on the tech side -- and remember also that some of it has to do with first year support. So since we’re selling less apps licenses, we have less first year support associated with those licenses. And so -- and that’s been for the past few years, so the amount floating is a little bit less, cancellation rates are the same and then we have some folks on the app side migrate. But that’s it, still growing.
Larry Ellison: Let me just, real quickly. On the applications business, if someone moves in the e-business suite to the Oracle -- to Fusion ERP, they stop paying support, support goes down and a 100% of the Fusion ERP revenue is recognized in the cloud. This is in contrast to our tech business where if someone has an Oracle license or buys an additional Oracle license and then brings that license to the cloud, our license business stays the same or goes up. And part of the autonomous database that's running in the cloud is recognized as part of a license and support business. And part of the revenue for the autonomous database is recognized as cloud revenue. So it's split. So these two businesses operate very differently. In our applications business, we're migrating people from an older generation of applications to a new generation of applications. We're actually changing from one product to another. We're changing from e-business suites to Fusion ERP, which is a different product. One runs on-premise, one runs in the cloud. Our tech business is very, very different. Oracle database on premise, you run the same Oracle database in the cloud. So we don’t expect any shrinkage. As Mark said, we expect our license business, our new license business, our license and support business for tech, specifically database, to continue to grow even as people migrate those databases to the cloud.
Safra Catz: Yes, net-net tech really accelerates completely unchanged.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Kirk Materne, Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Mark, when you look at the opportunities front in the ERP market, we've absolutely seen an inflection demand in CRM, I would say, HCM started over last couple of years. When you think about ERP, do you see an inflection on the horizon over the next 12 to 18 months? And can you just discuss maybe why and if we do see that, how do you see the competitive environment shaping up? Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Well one in ERP, we are the leading vendor in the world, and the number two company is hard for me to find. So let me start with that. So when I look at SaaS, there is no other company that has the ability to take customers to the cloud with a true SaaS offering. So full stop. Second, we have an inflection point clearly with our user base. So our user base as we’ve tried to talk about today has only begun to move. And so just to the earlier question imagine what happens to our applications revenue, when we multiply three to one, actually our revenue doubles, our support revenue doubles, support revenue gets three times that revenue in the cloud. All I did in that math was talk about our user base. The bulk of what we book today in many cases is outside our user base.
Larry Ellison: Yes, someone else's user base.
Mark Hurd: We are gaining share from other companies. So I don’t want you to walk away from this cold thinking I got it, their SaaS revenues really limited to their user base. I just talked about that in the context of one catalyst to our SaaS revenue, which is converting our existing customers just upgrading them to the latest version of ERP, which is SaaS. I truly believe the opportunity is materially bigger than that. Most of the ERP market doesn't sit with SAP by the way, doesn't sit with the -- the majority of the market doesn't sit with Oracle or SAP, it sits with this category called others. And as others would like the opportunity to move to SaaS, we're in the best position in the world, worldwide to move those companies to SaaS. So moving our user base has a dramatic implication on our applications ecosystem. If we're successful to continue to take share at the same time, yes, it's a pretty exciting opportunity for us. And that's why you hear us talk about it so much.
Ken Bond: Thanks Mark. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Holly for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining us for today's Oracle Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-12-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - SVP Larry Ellison - Chairman and CTO Safra Catz - CEO Mark Hurd - CEO
Analysts: Mark Moerdler - Sanford Bernstein Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Adam Holt - MoffettNathanson Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Kirk Materne - Evercore Kash Rangan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call.  Now I’d like to turn today’s conference over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements also are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors. And other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. As a reminder and consistent with prior calls, Safra’s and Mark’s comments today will use constant dollar growth rates unless stated otherwise so we can have some measure of consistency across the quarter as well, as to reflect how we actually measure the business. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revisit our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we’ll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q2. I’ll then review guidance for Q3 and turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. As you can see, we had another excellent quarter. Customer adoption of our Cloud products and services continues to be very strong and what we have called our on-premise business remains robust. Bottom line, our transition to the Cloud is going well. Despite the currency benefit being less than my guidance, total revenue was more than the high end of my guidance range and earnings per share was at the high-end even at a higher tax rate than expected. Cloud SaaS revenue for the quarter were $1.1 billion, up 47% from last year. Fusion Cloud revenue was up 56% for the quarter. Cloud PaaS and IaaS revenue for the quarter was $398 million, up 20% from last year. But just as a reminder, part of the Cloud PaaS and IaaS business is our legacy hosting services which don’t share the same high growth characteristics as PaaS and next-gen IaaS services. This portion of PaaS/IaaS saw growth of 46% in CD and 49% in USD, while the traditional hosting services, which we are de-focusing, were down nearly 10%. As traditional hosting services become a smaller part of total PaaS and IaaS, the underlying growth of PaaS and next-gen IaaS will be more visible. I want to also take a moment to review the announcements we made in October of bring your own licenses, what we call BYOL and autonomous database. Unlike the applications business where customers move to SaaS subscriptions, stop buying upfront licenses and shelve application support, BYOL customers can leverage their years of investment in Oracle database and technology software and bring those licenses to the Oracle cloud infrastructure instead of cancelling their licenses and support and moving to rent new licenses. With BYOL, we are seeing a strong increase in our technology installed base as customers renew their unlimited license agreement, invest in more licenses and options and renew support. Because BYOL is now available and customers better understand their transition options to move to the Oracle Cloud, technology new software license revenue is dramatically improving from the declines we were seeing previously. We expect this trend to continue as we roll out Autonomous Database as customers license the options and technology they need. We expect to continue to take share in database. Now, total cloud and software revenues were $7.8 billion, up 7% in constant currency and up 9% in U.S. dollars. In fact, we’ve consistently overachieved our software and cloud revenue forecast the last seven quarters. I focus on these numbers, which we refer to as the ecosystem revenues, because that is where all of our software assets come together and you can start to see the powerful dynamics of the business, especially with our BYOL model. Total cloud revenues in the quarter were $1.5 billion, up 39% from last year. Total on-premise software revenues were $6.3 billion, up 1% from last year, reflecting stable software license and continued high attach of software support and renewal rates that reflect the stability of our installed base of customers. GAAP application total revenues which is new licenses and support and SaaS, were $2.7 billion, up 13% and GAAP platform and infrastructure total revenues, which includes new license and support and PaaS and IaaS, were $5.1 billion, up 4%. As for cloud margins, our SaaS business continues to scale and grow and the gross margin has expanded to 66% up from 59% last Q2. We expect to see further improvement in FY 2018 and we remain committed to our goal of 80% SaaS gross margins. The gross margin of PaaS and IaaS was 40%, down from 44% last quarter as our geographic buildout goes forward in response to demand but ahead of the bulk of new revenue recognition. When we are at scale, I expect to see major improvement in PaaS and IaaS gross margin. Hardware revenues were $940 million, down 9%, and service revenues were $856 million, essentially unchanged in constant currency. Total non-GAAP revenue for the company were $9.6 billion, up 4% from last year and 6% in U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.2 billion, up 8% from last year, 10% in U.S. dollars. The operating margin was 44%, which was up from 42% last year. The operating margins have now increased year over year for five consecutive quarters and while I can’t promise this will happen every quarter, I do expect that operating margins will continue to expand. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was slightly higher than expected at 25.2%. As a result, EPS was $0.01 less at $0.70 a share in U.S. dollars, up 14% in U.S. dollars, 12% in CD. The GAAP tax rate was 22.1% and GAAP EPS was $0.52. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was $14.6 billion, up 2%, and free cash flow over the last four quarters was $12.5 billion. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $599 million. I expect the cloud CapEx spending would be driven by our ARR growth and the PaaS/IaaS buildout that I mentioned earlier. Obviously, should we see higher than expected ARR growth, we’d expect to see higher CapEx investments as well. Now we have more than $71 billion in cash and marketable securities but net of debt our cash position is $10.9 billion. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $8.1 billion, up 6% in constant currency. This quarter we repurchased nearly 41 million shares for a total of $2 billion. Over the last 12 months we’ve repurchased 74.5 million shares for a total of $3.5 billion. We also paid out dividends of nearly $3 billion. The Board of Directors increased the authorization for share repurchases by $12 billion and again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.19 per share. Now to the guidance for Q3. My guidance is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. However, there has been some currency movement and assuming current exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency could be as much as 3% positive on total revenue or $0.03 positive on EPS. So, for Q3 in constant currency, Cloud revenue including SaaS, PaaS and IaaS are expected to grow 21% to 25%. Total revenues is expected to range from 2% to 4%. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to be somewhere between $0.68 and $0.70. That puts the USD earnings per share at $0.71, and $0.73. This assumes a non-GAAP tax rate somewhere around 24%. Of course with the current and very real possibility of tax reform, the Q3 tax rate could easily end up being very different especially to the extent that there is repatriation. With that, I will turn over to Mark for his comments.
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Safra. Really, a solid quarter for Oracle from top to bottom. Just a few numbers. USD revenue was up 6%. Software and Cloud revenue was up 9%. Operating income was up 10%. Net income was up 16%. EPS grew 14%. That’s three quarters in a row where EPS growth has been over double digits. Safra’s point about our apps ecosystem, our application revenue was up 13%. That is a GAAP CD number. We’re growing roughly three times as fast as the market. I’ve seen market numbers of two, three, three-and-a-half, so depending on how you look at those numbers we’re more than three times as fast as the market, maybe for with nearly 90% of that revenue being recurring on a trailing 12-month basis. SaaS bookings was a strong quarter for us. We grew 42% in USD. That 42% accelerated meaning the growth rate was higher that prior year. PaaS revenue was up 47% and over $4.5 billion annualized run rate. ERP was up 66% organically. Overall ERP is now at $1.4 billion annual run rate. Fusion HCM up 77%, more than double the growth rate of Workday. CX double-digit growth with CX now at $1.1 billion annualized run rate. Data-as-a-Service, up 47%. Our verticals were up 19%. That’s on a compare of last year’s growth of 125%. Our technology ecosystem that’s on-premise license, on-premise support and our PaaS and infrastructure revenue altogether was up 4% with solid cloud growth and new software license which was essentially flat in the quarter. In terms of our platform and infrastructure revenue that was up 20%. Now there are couple of things to call out here. As was mentioned first inside our PaaS and infrastructure is the legacy hosting business which is declining. Second, we have Oracle Cloud Machine revenue which is not yet reported, which we discussed last quarter. If you put it altogether the 49% growth Safra mentioned earlier, if all that Oracle cloud machine had been provisioned our revenue growth rate would’ve been above 55% in USD. Business analytics was up 104%, data integration up 88%, storage and compute infrastructure as a service both up triple digits. Cloud revenue grew 41% in USD now over a $6 billion run rate and 80% of that trailing 12 months software and cloud revenue is now recurring. Our cloud deferred revenue was up 33%. Not just closing looking forward we’re executing well on a big and our pipeline is the biggest we’ve ever had and we expect to sell around $2 billion in SaaS ARR over the next four quarters, that being the second half of 2018 and the first half of fiscal 2019. Lastly, this was again another solid quarter from top line growth of 6% USD all the way down to the bottom at 14% EPS growth. I’m going to give you a few customer names, wins, we had in the quarter and I’ll just try to run through these quickly. But I think it’s important for you to hear these brand names. In ERP cloud Adventist Health, AXA, Banco Santander, Pasha Bank, City of Las Vegas, Club Core, Emirates Airlines, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, John Hancock, Johnson Controls, Mattel, News Corp, Wessar Motor, Sumitomo Heavy Industries, The Bank of Nova Scotia, UCLA, Williams-Sonoma. In HCM, Abu Dhabi National Oil Company, Association Generale, BioWare and Pharmaceuticals, Chicago Transit Authority, The City of Atlanta, Deutsche Post, Emblem Health, Emirates Air, Henry Ford Health Systems, Mars, Shell, Southwestern Energy Company, Treasury Wine Estate, Williams-Sonoma. Just a couple on the infrastructure and platform side, Akamai, Alliance, Arconic, Baptist Healthcare System, City of Palm Beach, CVS, Los Angeles County, Orange, Softbank, Tellier, University of Durham, U.S. Census Bureau, Oil Fuel Services, Zürich Insurance Group, a lot of logos. I could’ve gone for a lot longer, but I just wanted to give you some context of the sorts of brands that are buying our cloud technologies. With that, Larry’s got some comments.
Larry Ellison: Thanks Mark. This coming January, Oracle will deliver the world’s first autonomous database. We expect this innovative new technology to dramatically accelerate the growth of our PaaS and SaaS businesses and keep our database license business strong as well. People are buying database licenses to run on premise and in the cloud. You can run them either place. Their buying options to run on premise and in the cloud. Based on machine learning, the new autonomous version of the Oracle database is totally automated, a self-driving system that does not require human beings to either manage or tune the database. Using artificial intelligence to eliminate most sources of human error, the Oracle Autonomous Database delivers an unprecedented 99.995% system availability. That’s less than 30 minutes of planned or unplanned downtime per year. To achieve that level of reliability, the Oracle Autonomous Database automatically tunes and upgrades itself without human intervention. If a security vulnerability is detected, the database automatically and immediately detaches itself while the system is running. AWS databases can’t do any of this. Even more compelling is the cost comparison between running the Oracle autonomous database versus running an Amazon database like Redshift. In a series of published benchmark tests the Amazon Redshift database on average costs five times more to run the same exact amount of work as the Oracle Autonomous Database. Let me repeat that. If you take a workload from Amazon running on Redshift and move it over to Oracle, your Amazon bill will drop by 80%. It will cost you five times more to run Redshift than to run the Oracle Autonomous. And this is not total cost of ownership, this is not labor, this is not - this is your Amazon bill, what you pay Amazon to do a piece of work, you can run on the Oracle cloud and pay $.20 on the dollar by moving from Amazon to Oracle. We’re so confident of our cost advantages over Amazon that Oracle will provide our customers with written service level agreements that guarantee, that guarantee moving to the Oracle cloud will cut Amazon customer’s database bills in half or substantially more than half.
Ken Bond: Could we please go to Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Mark Moerdler, Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Could you give us a better sense of what exactly is driving clients select between Oracle’s private cloud, Oracle infrastructure service, Oracle PaaS, on-premise? Why is it taking longer right now [indiscernible] rollout? And then a quick follow-up question.
Larry Ellison: Why it’s taking longer, to provision the Oracle cloud machine, it’s the responsibility of Oracle to deliver the cloud machines and the cloud software and then the customers, then we have to actually install these cloud machines in the customer's data center and hook up to the customer’s network. And every customer is a little bit different. So it takes us a certain amount of time to configure the system on Oracle's side. But the big thing is now the customer has to get the appropriate networking gear and connect the Oracle cloud machine into their network. And that's what's proven to take longer than we had first anticipated. So we have a bit of a backlog on that. But it’s a matter of, again, easy for us to shift. Everyone receives the same cloud hardware. That’s easy for us to do. Everyone receives the same cloud software. But connecting it in the customer data center can vary from data center to data center and that’s what’s taking the extra time.
Mark Hurd: Good news, Mark, is we sold a lot and we’re in the process of implementing those as we speak and I tried to give them my comments that we would’ve had a significant improvement in growth rate win if those had been provisioned and they’ll get provisioned shortly. So it’s been a very successful launch for us.
Mark Moerdler: Excellent, very helpful. As a quick follow up, what’s the use cases for Oracle Cloud Machine versus infrastructure as a service, et cetera?
Mark Hurd: Well, listen, the good thing is it’s sort of all of our technologies when you start it. So we have customers that use it for ERP, for HCM, and it really, Mark, fits more into markets where the industries we have regulatory issues. So if you get into banking and pharma, you have more of these security issues, I won’t go through all of them in detail. And so in many cases, it’s easier for some of the big banks, some of the big Pharma companies and frankly, even in telecommunications where you see it’s easier to get through those regs, we’ll just take all the advantages of the cloud. So let me just go through this, Mark. You get really all of the price advantages, you’re buying variably. We do all of the work, we do all of the patching. The customer really doesn’t touch this so they get the benefits of cloud on one hand while not having to deal with some of what the regulatory issues might be on the other hand. The downside is what Larry went through. We have to actually physically go in and implement this and there’s some extra work that might be done as opposed to just hooking up directly into our cloud. Does that help you?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Mark, you mentioned in your comments that you’re going to do $2 billion in new SaaS ARR over the next year. I was wondering if you could help us think about how this translates into SaaS revenue growth trend as we look out over the same time period? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: A couple of things. One, I was not trying to confuse what I thought this year’s fiscal bookings in cloud would be with rolling four quarters, SaaS, ARR bookings would be. So those are two separate numbers and I’m glad the way you worded it because I must’ve said it right. The $2 billion is a forward-looking next rolling four quarters of SaaS bookings and I think that’s more than anybody is going to be even close to that sort of bookings number but obviously we’ll see. So we think that’s going to be very, very aggressive. What is going to happen on the overall ecosystem? As you probably know, and I know I’ve said before, most of what’s in our revenue base today did not come from our on-prem user base. Most came from competitors or came from companies that really are in their first set of application, midmarket companies, fast growth companies, et cetera. So what I think does happen is just to make sure you understand, I think we said it before, but Oracle actually goes live on cloud financials right at the turn of the calendar year. So our e-business suite base, which is not the predominant piece of our cloud SaaS base, will see this as a big, big move. So we are hopeful when you talk what the entire ecosystem that actually we’ll start to see a higher degree of Oracle’s user base moving. And I want to emphasize again, that is a good thing. We get materially more revenue when a customer moves from support of their existing on-prem applications to now SaaS. And that is roughly three times or more ARR and the three times, I want to emphasize again, is the equivalent of a like-for-like support compared to their new applications in the cloud. So what do I expect to happen in the ecosystem? I think the ecosystem actually grows faster as a result of everything I described. Most of our base today did not come from the Oracle base. The Oracle base now with more and more references to move certainly our latest releases which are now in release 13, more feature-rich than anything obviously we’ve ever had before, Heather, and as that support base moves to cloud, we actually get more revenue and, as a result, the ecosystem grows faster.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brad Zelnick, Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: I've got one for Mark and a quick follow up for Safra. Mark, Oracle has been maintaining share when we consider the entire database ecosystem, but we keep hearing competitors and surveys saying customers are moving off Oracle. Can you maybe share some firsthand customer perspectives and frame the value of what lives in Oracle database that isn’t going anywhere versus the type of stuff we might be hearing about?
Larry Ellison: I’d like to answer that. Let me tell you who’s not moving off of Oracle. A company you’ve heard of just give us another $50 million this quarter to buy Oracle database and other Oracle technology. That company is Amazon. They’re not moving off of Oracle. Sales force isn’t moving off of Oracle. Our competitors who have no reason to like us very much continue to invest in and run their entire business on Oracle. I don’t know whose moving off of Oracle. Maybe Mark does, maybe Safra does, but Amazon, you’d think Amazon would really want to move.  Let me tell you someone else who’s not moving off of Oracle, SAP. They had that database called HANA they’d like to move to. SuccessFactors, they’ve been trying to move off of Oracle for five or six years. SAP is running on Oracle. Ariba runs an Oracle. All SAP large customers run on Oracle. Amazon continues to buy Oracle technology to run their business. Salesforce runs entirely on Oracle. Go ahead, you tell me who’s moving off of Oracle.
Mark Hurd: Brad, thanks for the question. So a couple of points. Listen, I think when this comes up, I’d like to just go back to the math and just go back to the numbers. We’ve got sort of every other database being used just in shared terms is ours. And when you see us throwing up yet again another growth rate above market, it’s just any of these sort of stories, anecdotes - by the way, I’ve heard them for seven years, right? It predates me. So, you know, everybody’s moving off the Oracle database or what you think of this guy or that guy? And the latest guy, somebody told me, what do you think of – what’s that company? MongoDB. I said the only thing I remember about MongoDB is three numbers: 100, 200, 100. That’s their revenue 100, 200 were their expenses, and 100 was their losses. And so I have that implanted in my brain and the $100 million as a part of $40 billion seems really small to me. I don’t know. Maybe different, your math, your numerate as well. So I just look at our numbers and I look at us growing faster than market and it’s now been going on a while. By the way, an important thing to notice, I don’t really care whether we denominate that in platforms of service or, if you will, databases of service, licenses, Larry went into one example of a license deal, and/or database support. And I think when you look at that aggregated ecosystem, I guess with the stories, I just love somebody show up with something more than a story. Just show up with a number and all we do is keep showing up every single quarter with math that says, okay, could be true but whether Larry is talking about what Redshift, I brought up this other guy. Just look at the list of competitors out there and I just don’t see growth rates that certainly nobody gaining share over us. I’m not saying they’re not swapping share with each other and maybe they’ve got a story about this or that but when you just look at overall numbers we’re gaining share in database.
Brad Zelnick: It’s really helpful to hear you frame it and hear it first hand from you. Just really quick really for you, Safra, can you please remind us of your view on CapEx spending this year? And does the deceleration of CapEx spend in the quarter signal anything around future PaaS/IaaS revenue? Thanks again.
Safra Catz: Well, I think our capital expenditures will be very similar to last year. As I mentioned to you last year, we spent about $1 billion in kind of CapEx associated with the cloud. We spent about $1 billion in our real estate expansion. And the way that CapEx works really is there’s a certain amount when we open data centers, and that cost quite a bit to just get started. And then the buildout is a little bit less because there’s abasing starting block. So I think we -– and what happens is you start to get really major economies of scale as you – once your setup is basically set up, straight and ready to go. So I see it like last year. A lot of growth, about half of it is in real estate which I don’t expect to continue necessarily as much on that side. So no, no deceleration, just trying to get some economies of scale as we build out. We’ve got some plans but nothing. Now the revenues are coming in so that’s why we’re having the improvements in margins.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Adam Holt, MoffettNathanson.
Adam Holt: As you will know, I’ve been highly focused on your maintenance revenue of all things and this was the strongest license quarter we’ve seen in really a long time. Can you talk a little bit, was it just the BYOL that drove the license revenue in the quarter? And shouldn’t the stronger relative license revenue start to drive maintenance a little bit even faster?
Safra Catz: Yes, absolutely. So it’s not only BYOL. It’s also in preparation for Autonomous Database. So understand that to get the benefit of Autonomous Database in the Oracle cloud, you bring your own license, but you may also, you will also need depending on which service you need, you’re going to need some of the options in addition. And also, as you bring your own database licenses, you’re going to want to have app server licenses and middleware licenses in order to work with your database. So all of that, that BYOL is a fundamental change and is significantly different from how SaaS works. And that’s what I try to explain. In SaaS, you are now doing a SaaS subscription, you’re no longer using your license. You don’t need to buy more licenses, and you shelve your support. With BYOL, you buy additional licenses, you bring them to our cloud and you continue to pay support. And that is going to be very significant going forward. And it’s already, you already see it in this quarter already. And we announced it in OpenWorld. OpenWorld.
Adam Holt: If I could just ask a follow up on that because I’m getting a lot of questions about this and I just want a point of clarification. Is there any kind of a lag between people buying the licenses and renewing maintenance first, and then moving to the cloud? Because I think what some of us are trying to reconcile is the cloud guidance is a little bit slower than it has been. So it looks like something might be decelerating a little bit, and I just want to understand, is there a gap as people maybe buy licenses on premise? And then maybe it’s a quarter or two before they deploy in the cloud? Just trying to understand those mechanics. Thanks so much.
Safra Catz: The mechanics are not automatic, so let’s actually set this up. What has clearly happened, and I could already see this even at OpenWorld in talking to customers, they now understand that they will want to have more licenses. So as their unlimited agreements are starting to expire, they could have historically pick up. I’m going to rent all my licenses going forward, there’s no point in owning them, they would’ve certify those licenses and stopped buying additional and renewing unlimited agreements. So what they’ve now seen is there pathway with BYOL gives them complete flexibility of when they are ready to move to the cloud, but that there’s a benefit in owning your licenses and buying more and renewing support. So customers moved to the cloud when it makes sense for them. Autonomous Database, which is coming out in a little while here, that’s going to be an enormous driver for customers to actually move there important workloads to the cloud. You understand? The two are related, but not the same. Larry, I don’t if you want to...
Larry Ellison: I'll just chime in very briefly. Yes, they buy the license first, and a lot of customers are waiting for the Autonomous Database to become available. So we’ve seen a big uptick in renewals of ULA, these unlimited license agreements. The sale of certain options that are required for the Autonomous Database, that’s specifically rack and multi-tenant. The multi-tenant option those two options, and the high reliability option is called Active Data Guard. So all of those customers are buying those and then the Autonomous Database then rolls-out and begins to scale in January. So a lot of customers will have their first experience – the first big move of Oracle customers databases to the cloud really will begin in January. There’s been no big migration anyplace of Oracle databases into anyone’s cloud, including ours. There’s been some, but it’s a relatively very, very small business. This all begins to happen starting in January, where the capabilities of cloud are so much better. Or the economics in the cloud are so much better than what’s available on premise, that we think our customers are going to move very, very rapidly to the cloud. But they are waiting for our Autonomous Database.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Philip Winslow: Safra, just a follow up for you on bringing your license and the subscription revenue versus license. Obviously you talk about the benefit of the license here and we saw in this quarter, and obviously we have seen on the total revenue guidance had a consensus for next quarter, but as Amit just pointed out cloud below. I wonder if you could help us just sort of walk through. It seems like obviously you’re pouring more water into the license bucket, sort of less on a relative basis, than in the cloud. Just because obviously PaaS versus IaaS is probably 40% less for IaaS than PaaS. Could you just help us walk through the math kind of how you’re thinking about the impact of BYO kind of on those two buckets?
Safra Catz: So there are a few things going on here. Remember, when you bring your own license to Oracle IaaS, the service you purchase is more expensive than the basic IaaS because you get all of the autonomous – all of the capability you wouldn’t otherwise get, first of all. But you cannot divorce the margin of just IaaS without remembering that both licenses are being purchased, and support is continuously paid.  That’s why you heard me say, maybe you heard me say, the so-called on-premise license, because it’s actually now that we’ve launched BYOL, it is actually a misnomer because the customer – it’s currently categorized on our income statement as on-premise software and support, for that matter. Those are called on premise, but there’s nothing on premise about them. You can bring them to the cloud. So you have to understand how much money in that pool because with SaaS on the applications side, remember, we don’t sell you a new license, you no longer renew your support, and you start renting SaaS licenses and the service all bundled together. So in this case, to the extent that - and, by the way, I just want to be clear, customers have the option if they don’t want to bring their own license, to buy, to rent licenses through PaaS. That’s also available to them. But financially for both them and us, it actually works out best if they bring those licenses and those with unlimited agreements can bring an unlimited amount of licenses to our cloud as well as continue to use whatever they’ve got still on premise at their own state while continuing to pay support and buying additional licenses. So the math is more complete and very profitable for both us and the customer.
Philip Winslow: Just shows up in different places. Understood. And just a very quick follow up for Mark on the cloud machine. Obviously, you called out that there’s a deployment lag there and that it sort of cost you 6 points of reported growth. Just curious what customers are saying to you about cloud machine versus the BYOL to the public cloud. Just any comments there about sort of the success you’re seeing. Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Well, our strategy has been to give the customer choice. So to the point that Safra is bringing up, you have a choice to using whatever currency you’d like. You can buy as a license, which means the customer buys one time as a traditional license transaction and can bring that to the cloud. And you can bring to the cloud a couple of different ways. If you’re in one of these highly regulated environments like I described, you can bring it to the cloud, utilizing the cloud machine, which is a very effective way of getting most of the benefits of the cloud without having to go through some of the hoops I described a few minutes ago. Or you can bring that license all the way to the Oracle public cloud. Some customers, frankly, use it as a continuum because, back to Larry’s earlier point about the autonomous database, it isn’t just about the flexibility of how you pay for it, the benefits now, most of our customers now have the opportunity with the Autonomous Database to simply get out of patching. That may sound like a really trivial issue when you say it on a conference call with an analyst. It is huge to all our customers. I sit in rooms with CEOs talking but how the heck do I get out of this damn patching? Some of our customers have 12-month lag time between the release of a patch and when they can get it implemented, the release of a patch from us and when they get it implemented.  This Autonomous Database actually eliminates all of that. It eliminates all of the labor they may have on premise, actually DBAs and so forth that are actually running these databases. And we’re trying to give the customer we think now exactly what they want. They can take advantage of this either on premise, they can now take advantage of the Oracle cloud in their data center with the cloud machine, or they bring it to the Oracle public cloud. And if you want to buy it as a license, you want to buy it as a cloud service, it’s totally up to you. So that’s been our strategy, Phil. And frankly, to Safra’s point about the economic model, we’re fine either way the customer wants to do it. And so that’s our strategy. And I think, my opinion for what it’s worth, is whether that shows up in a license and then brought to our cloud, that’s great for us. Whether deployed on the cloud machine, and granted Larry’s point about the latency between order booking and eventual deployment, it is what it is for a short period of time, but that’s just yet another thing that differentiates us from what anybody else can do in the market today. I hope that helps.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Sarah Hindlian, Macquarie.
Sarah Hindlian: There is really one thing I want to ask Safra that you mentioned, which was tax repatriation and possible implications of the Tax Code changes here in the U.S. I’d love to hear more about how Oracle is thinking about it and different ways you can deploy your balance sheet. If you could expand on your earlier comments, that would be very much appreciated.
Safra Catz: Well, to the extent that repatriation is part of the final bill, and to the extent that whatever is the rate for the cash that we bring back, either what we actually have or the deemed repatriation, that will make available to us under $60 billion, depending on the tax of cash that we can use for whatever would be available for us. We haven’t made any decisions about how we would use it. I believe that it is mandatory repatriation. So, a tax will be due on all cash outside the United States for all of those companies, and I believe we’d need to book it, or at least book an estimate for it in the quarter that the tax law changes. That will make our tax rate look sort of strange, but, of course, I’ll disclose the amounts and all that. I’m not sure that the final rate has been set, and, whether it will actually stay in the bill. So, we hope it does. We hope they do move to a territorial system. It will make us more competitive, and we look forward to that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kirk Materne, Evercore.
Kirk Materne: Mark, I want to jump over the applications business really quickly. Just could you just talk a little bit about the competitive environment, especially around ERP and HCM and sort of what’s underpinning your confidence in sort of the ARR growth numbers over the next year in that space? Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Well, first of all, underpinning my…
Kirk Materne: Your $2 billion outlook.
Mark Hurd: Yes, well as I’ve said several times, I really look through starting with like just our pipeline, so our pipeline is bigger than it’s actually – or actually growth in pipeline, Kirk, is just as it sits this second towards the end of the year, is just superb. I don’t want to go farther than that. I’m just really pleased with the progress in the number of opportunities we’re getting to participate in. And that gets to the competitive dynamics. If a customer wants SAS ERP, there really isn’t a competitive dynamic. So, it’s really us. So, we really lead in that category. And the reason we lead is because there’s nobody else. Full stop. Now to the degree in HCM, that HCM is combined with an ERP, which is becoming more and more the fashion of what you’re seeing, then we’re obviously significantly advantaged. We have a competitor in SAS HCM. We don’t have a competitor in SAS ERP. Now, the other thing I’d say that’s at issue is for us, over the last couple of years, is getting out of our traditional base. We’re getting better and better at now – because historically if you went back six, seven years ago, we’d typically call on the Oracle base of customers and the other traditional older on-premise ERP company SAP. Once you bought SAP, once you bought Oracle, those people didn’t move calling on the other customers. That’s all changing now. So now as customers get more aware of the difference between a traditional on-premise ERP and a new modern SAS ERP, we get a chance now to compete for their, these competitor customers that frankly, we hadn’t had a chance to compete for, if you will, in the older generation of applications. So, I don’t if that helps in the dynamics. By the way, those dynamics changed, because all of us usually on this call think about the United States of America. The farther you get from the United States of America, the better the dynamics become for us. Because of our global distribution, because of our global footprint, because of our global presence, because of our global references, because of our ability to deploy in multiple SAS data centers around the world, we’re even more advantaged with the farther away you get from the United States. So I’m optimistic. I’m optimistic because we have great products. We got a competitive product lead in the most important application segment in the world which is ERP. We’re about to go live with our applications internally and financials which now we’ve already gone live with HCM. We’ve gone live with other applications. Now we’ll have our flagship product automating Oracle. We’re just in a great position. I know that sounds like hype and I actually believe this. So this is what’s going on in the marketplace and one of the reasons why in our company, if you’re inside our company, in our apps group, you feel the sort of confidence and swagger that you see around our apps group today.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Kash Rangan, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: A couple of questions for Safra. One, Safra, do you think as the business continues to get scale, that operating income growth rate can continue to accelerate and outpace revenue? And secondly, just sort of a clarification, when you look at the guidance for cloud growth rate and kind of correlate that against what Mark said with respect to SaaS ARR bookings growth which looks to me about 40%, 50%. If you back that out of your cloud guidance for Q3, it looks like the IaaS/PaaS business, maybe it’s a temporary thing as down to slightly flattish. So I just want to clarify that’s the way we should be modeling the two different line items and how we should be interpreting your cloud guidance. Thanks. That’s it for me.
Safra Catz: For your first question, yes, I think that operating income is going to grow faster than revenue because we get economies of scale, we have margin improvement, and the business is growing. And when it grows, we get economies of scale that allow us to grow income, operating income faster than revenues. And I’m quite sure of that. I think you should not confuse bookings with revenue, and PaaS and IaaS forecast looks good. I’m not giving you – I’m not breaking them down for you, but I expect them to be positive and consistent with what you would have seen. And just as a reminder, the PaaS/IaaS includes a piece that is not growing and a piece that is growing. The piece that’s not growing is like 200 something, 240 – I can’t remember.
Mark Hurd: Just to try to help, I think the right word that Safra used is consistent. You should think of it being roughly the same in growth rate as you saw cash and the legacy piece is $0.5 billion, roughly speaking, annualized. So that would give you some help I think for the scale of the business. Actually, maybe a little more that but it’s roughly right, Kash.
Kash Rangan: So the comparables will get easier next year. I would think that for PaaS and IaaS you should start to resume that growth.
Mark Hurd: No question about it.
Safra Catz: No question because the PaaS/IaaS that we care about, the one we’re focused on is growing 40 something percent.
Operator: Thank you. I’ll now turn the conference over to Ken Bond for closing comments.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. The telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dialing information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. Happy holidays. And with that, I’ll turn the call back to Holly for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-09-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Senior Vice President Larry Ellison - Chairman and Chief Technology Officer Safra Catz - Chief Executive Officer Mark Hurd - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Kash Rangan - Bank of America Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Adam Holt - MoffettNathanson Kirk Materne - Evercore Phil Winslow - Wells Fargo John DiFucci - Jefferies Raimo Lenschow - Barclays
Operator: Welcome to Oracle’s First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I’d like to turn today’s call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle’s first quarter fiscal year 2018 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we will begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q1. I’ll then review guidance for Q2, and turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. As you can see, we had another good quarter. Customer adoption of our Cloud products and services continue to be very, very strong and our on premise business remains very resilient. The result was that total revenue where at the high end of my guidance and earnings per share beat my guidance by $0.01. Today, I’m going to do what I always do, which is use constant dollar growth rates on this call, so we can have some measure of consistency across the quarters, as well as to reflect how we measure the business. The effects of currency movements in Q1 were a little better than expected with a 1% tailwind to total revenue. Total Cloud and software revenue were $7.4 billion, up 8% in constant currency and 9% in US dollars. GAAP applications total revenue were $2.6 billion, up 17% and GAAP platform and infrastructure total revenue were $4.7 billion, up 3%. Cloud SaaS revenue for the quarter were $1.1 billion, up 61% from last year. Cloud PaaS and IaaS revenue for the quarter were $403 million, up 28% from last year. As our SaaS business continues to scale and grow dramatically, the gross margin has expanded. The gross margin for SaaS in the quarter was 67%; up from 59% last Q1. We expect to see further improvement in FY 2018 and remain committed to our goal of 80% SaaS gross margins, possibly as soon as sometime in FY 2019. The gross margin for PaaS and IaaS was 44%, down from 58% last quarter as our geographic build-out goes forward in response to demand, but ahead of the bulk of the revenue recognition. When we are at scale, I expect to see major improvement in PaaS and IaaS gross margins. Total Cloud revenues in the quarter were $1.5 billion, up 51% from last year. Total on-premise software revenues were $5.9 billion, up 1% from last year reflecting continued high attach of software support and renewal rates that reflect the stability of our installed base of on-premise customers. Hardware revenues were $943 million, down 6% and services revenue were $860 million, up 5%. Total revenue for the company were $9.2 billion, up 6% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $3.8 billion, up 10% from last year and it’s been a while since we last reported double digit operating income growth as we undertook the Cloud transformation that affected our income statement trading upfront revenue recognition of on-premise license revenue for recurring subscription Cloud revenue. With Cloud now in larger and more predictable share of the revenue mix, I expect that we will see additional strong operating income growth. The operating margin was 41%, which was up from 39% last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 25%, which was over a point higher than my guidance, negatively impacting EPS by $0.01 or so and EPS was still up 12% in USD and 11% in CD to $0.62. The GAAP tax rate was 14.5%, and GAAP EPS was up 19% to $0.52 in US dollars. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was 14.8 billion, up 8%; and free cash flow over the last four quarters was 12.6 billion. Capital expenditures for the quarter were 473 million. I expect that Cloud CapEx spending will be driven by our ARR growth and the PaaS, IaaS build-out that I mentioned earlier. Obviously, should we see higher than expected ARR growth we would expect to see higher CapEx investments as well. We now have nearly $67 billion in cash and marketable securities, but net of our debt our cash position is about 13.6 billion. The short-term deferred revenue balance is 10.3 billion, up 9% in US dollars. As we’ve said before, we’re committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisition, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt, and a dividend. This quarter we repurchased 10.2 million shares for a total of nearly 500 million. We are currently planning on bringing that rate up significantly for Q2. Over the last 12 months we’ve repurchased 46.6 million shares for a total of 2 billion. And we also paid out dividends of 2.8 billion. The Oracle Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.19 per share. Now to the guidance, and I’m going to give you guidance for Q2 and my guidance is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. However, there has been some currency movements and assuming current exchange rates remain the same as they are now, currency could be as much as 3% positive on total revenue and $0.02 positive on EPS. So here we go, Q2, Cloud revenues, remember these are constant currency numbers so you are going to be adjusting them for US dollars. Cloud revenues, including SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS are expected to grow 39% to 43%. Total revenue growth is expected to range from 2% to 4%. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to be somewhere between $0.64 and $0.68, up from $0.61 last Q2. That puts the USD number in the range between $0.66 and $0.70 at today's exchange rate. This assumes a non-GAAP tax rate somewhere between 23.5 and 25.5 of course as usual tax rate could end up being different as it was this quarter. With that, I’ll turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark Hurd: Thanks Safra. A strong quarter for Oracle across virtually every metric that we track. In USD total revenue was up 7, operating income was up 11, and EPS up 12. In Cloud bookings it was a strong quarter. Overall, growth was above 40%. That was an acceleration from our growth rate last year. By the way all the numbers are in CD unless I say otherwise. Revenue up 51% now at $6 billion annual run rate. 80% of our TTM trailing 12-month software and Cloud revenue is now recurring. Now I’m going to give you some SaaS revenue numbers by pillar. We were up 61% as Safra said accelerating for the 55% growth last year. ERP was up 90% organically. Overall ERP is now over 1.3 billion annualized run rate. Fusion HCM up 109%, more than double the growth rate of Workday. [CX] [ph] all of our categories sales marketing and service were up double digits organically. Data as a service was up 53%. The business is now over 0.5 billion in annualized run rate. Our verticals were up 20% and compared by the way of a 115% growth last year. And as good as all these SaaS numbers are, our application ecosystem and let me go through again what that is, that’s our on-premise license, on-premise support and SaaS was together up 17%. When you look at any industry growth metric of the application to industry you will find numbers like 1, 2, 3 in the marketplace and market share gains we have are astounding. The PaaS infrastructure revenue was up 28%, business analytics were up 130%, data integration up 221%. Our database ecosystem, including the same metrics I described earlier, database’s service, on-premise support, on-premise license was up 3% USD in-line with industry market growth. The origin compute industry as a service were both up triple digits.  Cloud deferred revenue was up 53%. So as I described it was a solid quarter for us in top line growth of 7% USD in revenue and 12% EPS growth in USD. A couple of predictions. I expect Q2 cloud booking growth to be strong or stronger than our Q1 growth rate. Our Cloud bookings were executing well on a very big and growing pipeline. We expect the Cloud FY 2018 full-year cloud booking growth to be quite strong. Revenue growth now on annualized rate of $6 billion or growth rate of 51% and we are the fastest growing in Cloud Company at scale. I do want to read out to you a few logos and wins we had in the quarter just to give you some context for some of the companies that we are selling product to and I'm just mentioning a few, but in HCM this is HCM Cloud SaaS, 711, Aon, [Aries] Group, Baptist Health of South Florida, Cantor Fitzgerald, China State Construction Engineering Corporation, Cook County, eBolt [ph], Habitat for Humanity, Liberty Mutual Insurance, state of Nebraska, SUPERVALU, the Southern Company, an unnamed large financial services firm in New York that’s also different from the large unnamed financial services firm we sold to in Q4. Just a few ERP names: Advance Auto Parts, ADEO, Coach, Eurostar International, GlaxoSmithKline, Grupo Bimbo, Hilton, Honda Motor, Modine Manufacturing, Nestle, Tata Communications, United States Steel, World Fuel Services Corp. I could go on. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Mark. On October 1 at Oracle OpenWorld, we'll announce the next generation of the Oracle database. When we deliver it by the end of this calendar year Oracle will become the world's first fully autonomous database. Based on machine learning this new version of Oracle is totally automated self driving system that does not require a human being either to manage the database or tune the database. Using artificial intelligence to eliminate most sources of human error enables Oracle to deliver unprecedented reliability in the Cloud. We will be offering public Cloud SLAs, service level agreements for the Oracle database that guarantee 99.995% systems availability time. 99.995% availability means less than 30 minutes of planned or unplanned downtime per year. To achieve that level of reliability, Oracle has to automatically tune, patch, and upgrade itself, while the system is running. AWS can't do any of this stuff, but perhaps the most interesting aspect of autonomous systems like self driving cars on our new self driving database are the economics that surround total automation. Self-driving cars eliminate the labor cost of driving, plus the high cost associated with human driving errors. Self driving database eliminates the labor cost of tuning, managing, and upgrading the database plus avoiding all of the costly downtime associated with human error. Self driving taxis are much cheaper to operate then taxis with human drivers. Running Oracle's autonomous database is much, much cheaper than running traditional human driven databases like Amazon's Redshift. Customers moving from Amazon's Redshift to Oracle's autonomous databases can expect to cut their cost in half or more and Oracle will be providing SLAs that guarantee those cost settings to customers that move.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Holly, we could now queue up the group for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Sarah Hindlian, Macquarie.
Sarah Hindlian: All right great thank you very much. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter. The on premise business is definitely doing better, but we are obviously seeing and hearing more about very large marquee customer wins across your Cloud portfolio and now your app business is actually growing 17% constant currency, which implies you're taking market share, so I’m wondering what you’re seeing in terms of momentum in that Cloud portfolio and where are you see that heading and if there’s really any benefit coming in from these large reference customers?
Mark Hurd: Sure. First of all, one thing you said about implying we're taking market share I just want to make sure it is clear we are. So it’s - and that’s why I have been trying to give this number over a longer period of time that the apps marketplace is growing low single digits, and obviously we have been up and doing this for a long period of time in terms of growing at this rate, but there is no question to your point that when you can come out with references like we have publicly with Bank of America, AT&T and others, it makes the next opportunity easy when you can reference customers at that level. So, I think again and we have said this before, but probably better saying again that this sort of every aspect of selling in the Cloud, I think that the company holistically is getting better at. We’re better, our products are better, our sales force is better, our ability to implement is better, our ability to do all of these things is just continued to improve quarter by quarter by quarter and manifest itself in the type of results we’re talking about this afternoon.
Larry Ellison: Yeah, I will just add. If you look at the growth rate of our applications business in the Cloud, in excess of 60%, and you compare that to either Workday or Salesforce, the two other major players - application players in the Cloud, they are not even close. So we’re much bigger than Workday in applications and we’re growing faster, must be taking share. And then our primary competitor in both HCM and ERP Salesforce has been at it for 15, 16, 17, 18 years they’ve been at it for a very, very long time, but we sell more new applications customer then they do every year and that may be clear. We sell double what Salesforce sells in absolute dollars. We did it last year and we will do more than that this year, and we are growing - and we're catching them very, very fast. So, to just reinforce what Mark said, we are taking share. We’re taking share across the entire applications ecosystem and we’re taking share from our Cloud, primary Cloud customers - of Cloud competitors as well.
Mark Hurd: Sorry, just to add, sorry to elongate the answer, but we're going to talk more about this at Financial Analyst Day after Oracle OpenWorld concludes. But again our support business and applications, when we do move a customer from our support business to our Cloud business we’ve now done several of these and we get materially more revenue. We talked about this before, but it bears saying again because we sort of stopped talking about it, we get at least three times more revenue on a like-for-like basis when a customer moves from on premise support to our Cloud, and we really just, just begun to move that user base. Most of what’s in our application Cloud growth that Larry just talked about is new logos.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kash Rangan, Bank of America.
Kash Rangan: Hi, congratulations. One question for Mark and maybe one for Safra. Mark can you talk about the new disclosure that came out in 8-K, you talked about some really ambitious plans for your SaaS business at $10 billion in revenue, PaaS and IaaS at $10 billion as well, can you talk about - what kind of timeframe are you likely to achieve this and how much of this is from acquisitions versus organic? And question for you Safra, if you're able to achieve these ambitious targets laid out, how should we think about the margin structure of the company? That's it from me. Thank you.
Larry Ellison: Kash let me just jump in here and say that we also have an $80 share of stock price target that’s part of the comp plan. We also have a target that says we will be double the market cap of IBM, double the market cap of SAP. I mean there are a lot of targets here. In terms of margin, we have a Cloud margin target that I think is 80%.  So, actually we are well on our way to achieving in SaaS - SaaS Cloud margin target, so we expect the margins in our businesses to go up, the stock price to go up for us to distance ourselves from our, if you will, our legacy competitors and join the ranks of the new generation of the Tech companies like, as Microsoft has done and smaller companies like Salesforce and Workday. That's where we position ourselves. So we think these are stretched targets and it will take several years to achieve them, but we think we are well on our way. We obviously believe they are achievable, but it will require sustaining the kind of performance we have delivered over the last several quarters.
Kash Rangan: And acquisitions Larry in this forecast, are they material or is it all [indiscernible]?
Larry Ellison: There is no one left to buy. And it's not like there are a lot of obvious, as we focus on the Cloud, there are a bunch of obvious targets, we can go out and buy. So we’re seeing our best growth in technology that we have developed internally, our fusion ERP, fusion HCM which is the midmarket and the high end of the ERP and middle market and high-end of HCM. These are all internally developed systems. They are - HCM and ERP I think, our blended rate is growing triple digits. The size of these markets are enormous and we think we will be able to ride that horse, pursue that organic growth and meet our targets. So, I think it’s going to primarily come from internally developed technologies, the growth of those technologies and us gaining dramatic amounts of share and applications in the Cloud, and with our new autonomous database also in Platform-as-a-Service and infrastructure as a service. We have to get all cylinders firing, but the bulk of our technologies will determine our success. Things like our database and our fusion applications we all organically internally developed.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Great, thanks very much and really nice quarter guys, especially for Q1. I have got a question for Mark and a quick follow-up for Safra. Mark, the apps ecosystem is off to a really strong start with 17% growth in the quarter, but with comps getting tougher in the back half of the year as you lap NetSuite, do you still feel that the apps ecosystem can achieve your double-digit goal growth goal for the full year?
Mark Hurd: Yes. I think that I've said this I think at the beginning - towards the end of last fiscal year that I believe we grow roughly double digits in our applications ecosystem and this Q1 did nothing more than reinforce my belief. This is what we - as good as it was it is what we thought would happen, and I believe you will see that for the full-year. Our pipeline shows that everything else we have got shows that this will happen.
Brad Zelnick: Great thanks and just for Safra, Safra mapping Cloud ARR to revenue has been fairly straightforward for SaaS, but less so for PaaS and IaaS is there any color you can give us just to help understand the revenue trajectory for PaaS and IaaS? Thanks very much. 
Safra Catz: We’re actually holding over 10 more points on the PaaS IaaS right now because we’ve had a lot of orders and we are deploying them and we will only start recognizing them as they deploy. First of all, all of our Cloud customer is a very large amount of it, it hasn't been fully out deployed. So you are going to start seeing these match up a lot more as we go ahead and deploying get those up and running and alive. I don’t know Mark, you want to add anything or…
Mark Hurd: Yes it is exactly right what Safra said. We just - I have good news, good news is we have a large on provision backlog and so we will get that provision and you will start to see that fold into our Q2 and Q3 numbers as we get that provision. So the good news is we’ve just got a lot of PaaS to go provision and I wish we got it all provisioned in Q1, but we didn't. So that’s really the work that has been done.
Brad Zelnick: Great.
Mark Hurd: Thanks Brad.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Adam Holt with MoffettNathansonhand.
Adam Holt: Hi everyone. It’s good to be back on an Oracle call and to see you all executing so well. My question is on the Cloud business and how that relates to the strengths on premise. We are obviously very strong in both applications and infrastructure on premise in the quarter, do you think that the hardening of your Cloud infrastructure and the strength in your Cloud applications business is actually starting to have a positive impact on, on premise revenue and how do you think that dynamic plays out going forward?
Mark Hurd: Well the applications business and the Cloud business, the applications business and the tech business transitions from on-prim to Cloud are very different. As we move our application customers from on-prem to Cloud we’re asking them to migrate from the e-business suite to fusion. As they move from our HR, we are asking them to migrate from Oracle HR or PeopleSoft HR to Fusion HR in the Cloud. So they are really changing applications. In the case of our technology business where you are running the Oracle database on-prem we're just asking you to lift or move your data into our Cloud. There really is no technology transition at all. So you really cannot to look at these transitions as being similar things. The interesting thing - on a very different, let's say Microsoft, Microsoft they took their existing Microsoft Office customers and moved them to the cloud, so you can save documents in the Cloud, where documents or filled documents, you move them to the Cloud. That’s what’s meant by Office 365. That’s very close to our database business, where we are just beginning to move them to the cloud by just taking existing applications, actually the new version of our database as I mentioned is greatly enhanced in the Cloud and there is real motive to move it from on-prem into the Cloud here. Lots and lots of benefits, but it’s not a technology change. In our apps transition you actually move to a whole new technology stack. It looks like almost moving into to a new vendor if you will. You move from Oracle E-Business Suite or PeopleSoft Financials and JD Edwards all of these on-prem customers that we have is on-prem business we have and you move to the fusion financials. That was a, that recorded a new implementation retraining your people and we did that, but that transition, as Mark just said, is just beginning. Most of our fusion ERP customers our fusion HCM customers, our new logos, and we don't expect when people move from their database from on-prem in the Cloud. We don't expect support to go away. We expect them just bring their licenses into our Cloud and you’re paying support, you have the license, you own the license, and now you run it in our Cloud and you pay us additionally for running our Cloud just like you move the Oracle data business in the Amazon, while you pay them additionally. So, it is simply lifting up your existing license, therefore you keep paying support. You keep paying support, and you add on to that. Infrastructure is a service where platform is a service fees associated with running it in our Cloud. So we think that’s a much easier transition for us. Then the transition we’re making on the app side of the business. And look how well the transition on the outside of the business is going. Q - Adam Holt Terrific, thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore.
Kirk Materne: Thank you very much and I will add my congrats on the quarter. Mark, obviously a lot of momentum in the ERP right now, I was wondering when you look at where the market is today, if you think we’re getting closer to more of a tipping point in terms of larger customers setting up to make decisions on moving their ERP systems to Cloud over the next 12 to 18 months and when you talk to customers what are some of the reasons or I guess feedback you are getting that gives you confidence in terms of taking market share in this cycle if we are about to go into one? Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Yeah, whilst you were getting a lot of - we had strong growth we had another acceleration in terms of logos. We had acceleration of ERP logos this Q1 versus last Q1, so we had more closures in terms of number of accounts and we had bigger companies looking. So it’s significant to the point of your question. We also have more modules coming online. So, if you look at what we have got an ERP now, we have more localizations across more geographies, and we now have a full suite of the ERP supply chain, procurement, manufacturing, now budget and planning all available. So it’s the full suite now across almost all of our geographies. To Larry's point, I think it’s worth stating, a lot of our ERP customers, now our new logos. Lots of new financials customers and lots of companies that to be very - we would have never sold to 5 or 6 years ago, companies that are really named, but when you come to Oracle OpenWorld you will see another string of customers who never had an Oracle application before until they bought Oracle financials in the Cloud. So it’s that. Then in addition to that, I think what really helps us is the fact that we are the only suite provider. So the fact that now a company instead having a bunch of point solutions can have a suite of applications and the opportunity for us to now bring HCM and ERP together to a customer gives us an incredible advantage across basically all of our customers. So you see now and the names I wrote - I read off to you, lots of what I recall high-end midmarket, low-end enterprise customers that are really the common persona of who we sell to, most of them new logos. I think you will see that continue as we go forward. The best news I can give you is that as we start to bring our larger customers over, Oracle will get materially more revenue as we move that support because we do everything for them. We do the hardware, we do the operating system, we do, it’s our data centre, we do really everything for them, and we get the extra revenue as a result of that.
Kirk Materne: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Phil Winslow: Hi, thanks guys and congrats on a great start to the year. I just wanted to focus on the platform and infrastructure side in particular and as you look over the overall numbers, you are still putting up very healthy growth rates here, both obviously in the Cloud with the PaaS offering, but also on premise. Mark or Safra why don't you just double click on just what you are seeing on premise side even as that PaaS is ramping that’s keeping that business growing and question to Larry, obviously we’re excited to hear about the new features of coming at OpenWorld, but when you think about the Oracle PaaS offering versus other infrastructure service plus DBMS out there, why is it that the Oracle Cloud can lower cost more than these competitors and therefore make it gain share there?
Mark Hurd: Okay, they are pointing to me, I guess they want me to go first. The reason we can lower cost is we just automate more. There is a big difference between, what Amazon basically does, what they pioneered was this notion of, we will rank you based on what you use, compute, and storage and you can kind of bring whatever - and they offer a couple of databases, they offer Aurora, which is MySQL, their version of MySQL and they offer Redshift, which is another - their version of an open source database. They have made some changes to it, it is no longer Open Source. It's from Amazon for queries and OLTP. But these are technologies that are not automated. These are if you will old fashion technologies and a new fangled Cloud data centre, and available for record. So it’s kind of an interesting new business model, but their database technologies are not very advanced at all. They have just picked them up at Open Source. And our database, our - especially the latest generation of database totally automates everything. So you don't - you push a button and load your data and you’re done. You don't have lots of tuning parameters and lots of things to set up like you do with Amazon. Amazon requires a lot of labor to set up an online transaction processing system based on Aurora. That’s a lot of labor, it is MySQL, it is a code that we maintain. We know it very, very well, very different than Oracle. You press a button, load your data, run your analytics. It tunes itself, it backs itself up, it patches itself, it never goes down, and it’s much, much faster. Like you are saying it’s much, much, much faster and then someone will say, we don't need that speed. Let me translate. If it’s much, much, much faster and if it does in an hour what Redshift does in 10 hours it is one-tenth of the cost of running at Amazon because we charge the same amount for Aurora. So we take out the labor cost and because we consume less CPU and we compress the data and we consume less storage it is much - we are much more frugal about using compute and storage resources, and we eliminate the labor cost and the associate, the cost associated with human error. So we are not even trying to do the same thing as Amazon.
Larry Ellison: To your other question Phil, listen I think there is a strong interest across the board. I mean listen, we have got obviously new features that come with release 12, you know that all those with multitenant within memory, etcetera, obviously our security options are very important given the world that we live in today. We have a desire for many of our customers to get out of all this work, to get out of patching to look at to modernizing their infrastructure. You may have heard what AT&T talked about, there will also be an Oracle OpenWorld and you will hear a lot more directly from them. But the need to not just consolidate not just get the new features to modernize those applications, but to get out of all this work to the point that Larry has described you know about now the fact that I can’t deal with the amount of time it takes to patch all these hybrid environments that I have got. Now somebody - Oracle is going to do that for me, and then we are going to modernize the database, and now they are going to give me all these features, but you're not going to take all that work off my shoulders. So there’s a tremendous amount of this. Now to Larry's other point, remember most of our customers stick with some somebody like AT&T. They have over 10,000 Oracle databases in that company, 10,000. So you're going to have a handful of those big ones move to the Cloud. There is still going to be up quite a few of those that stay on premise for a period of time. So that work is just a lot of work for us to help and this is the beginning of a whole string of customers. They are going to go through this process to modernize those database environments.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John DiFucci, Jefferies.
John DiFucci: Thank you. Thanks. I have - Safra, I have a quick, just a very quick question on the guidance and then if I could ask another question, just a clarification, you said total revenue could see, I think a 3% benefit on top of the 2% to 4% guidance you gave for total revenue right, I think I know the math is real easy here, but I just want to make sure that implies, I believe a 5% to 7% reported revenue growth if you get that 3% FX affect? Is that right by doing that math?
Safra Catz: For USD, I’m going to go through the entire thing in USD for you guys because you’re not the only note. In fact, you're not the only note. So, I’m going to go through it. For total Cloud 41% to 45%
John DiFucci: Okay.
Safra Catz: It really comes out like 4.5 to 6.5, but I’m going to say 4% to 6% and in total revenue and then EPS $0.66 to $0.70 and making EPS growth somewhere between 7% and 13%. Okay.
John DiFucci: Okay. That’s very helpful. But I'm the only note you need to read. But that’s okay.
Safra Catz: Yes they are all like. And it’s a fair question because there are a bunch of rounding, it is 5 to 7, 4 to 6 it’s somewhere in the middle there, so I am always being conservative so I will say 4 to 6 on this call for you, but you know me. Okay. Was there another question?
John DiFucci: Yes, just a quick one, it is great to see the model work in the SaaS business with scale driving leverage here and I know you’re going to say, we’re also going to hit leverage in the PaaS and infrastructure as a service business or scale. Again I know there is a lot of variables here, but can you help us when we’re looking at, when we might see this happen, when we might see this turn either the timing in next year or the year after or even the scale when the business hits approximately what scale?
Safra Catz: Okay. So it’s a little bit complicated because there is a mix between IaaS and PaaS. PaaS in particular is extremely, extremely, extremely profitable and however there’s really a question of when the revenues get recognized and how much investing I have to do and how we line those up. So, we are just like you signed SaaS I know that it’s a time, it seemed absolutely impossible that we would have the kind of margins we now have an SaaS, it seemed impossible and yet they came and now we’re closing in on hitting, so much so that I actually went ahead and gave you some time next year for that hitting.  PaaS and IaaS are very much at least at this point in the expansion period. We expect this to be a very large business that we remain very conscious of the margins, and so we’re trying not to invest too much ahead of revenue recognition, but as you see in this quarter alone we have a law that has yet to be deployed, fully deployed even though it’s fully provisioned even though the equipment is all bought and being capitalized. So this is really, I can’t give you an exact time because we’re going to be very much monitoring demand and reacting to that. And for us it is much more important that we expand quickly, of course mindful of margin dollars. Sometimes not as mindful necessarily of any intra-quarter margin percentages. So, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Mark Hurd: I think there is no mystery to this, right. This is just like the SaaS business, you have to build out some initial infrastructure to get started. You have to build it, and unfortunately you have to put it at online before you can sell it, and that’s what this is. There is a start-up cost to getting in these businesses. We are PaaS that in SaaS. We are deployed in now virtually all of the critical geographies and we now have scale in most of the critical geographies. And so you see it just show up in the margin rate as it has. We’re going through that same process in infrastructure. The great news for us now, we know how this works. We know how to get it done, we know to measure it, we know how to get from here to there, and so you will see the same results. So it’s just a factor of time and scale in bookings in Safra's last point, the ability then for us to get a provision so we can then recognize the revenue. So this is going to happen John.
John DiFucci: Okay, thank you. That all makes sense, but should we expect that we might need more scale? I mean would it develop similarly how PaaS SaaS did or would we expect to hit certain margins we would have to get even greater scale in this business?
Mark Hurd: No. I don't think there’s any material difference in the context of scale. There is the same fundamental that’s what I was trying to go through. You’ve got to start up cost, you got to get a data centre, you got unused capacity to get started, and then the increments of capacity to bookings comes at a very attractive margin rate. So think of it, you have a baseline of acts. And then I get, and then I have a little bit of capacity per booking so to speak. It’s not exactly how it works, but for the sake of your analytics how it works, and we know what that increment of capacity is for that booking, and then it is just a question of scale from there. So you take the unused space and then for each booking you get so - a couple of few cents on the dollar that you have to add internal capacity, and it just becomes the time it takes to get to scale. That's it.
John DiFucci: Great, very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And our final question for today will come from the line of Raimo Lenschow, Barclays. Raimo, your line is open.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you. Maybe in anticipation of the Analyst Day, so I would like give a more broader question, Larry you started to use kind of, AI to kind of come up with the autonomous database, can you talk a little bit about like what more or how are you kind of see this whole thing evolving? Because there's obviously a lot of noise, a lot of hype around it. Some of the other competitors of you has come up with fancy names here, how do you guys see this play out for you guys? Thank you.
Larry Ellison: We are using machine learning all over the place. I mean everything from the very highest level to - in our HR systems, our recruiting systems to look at a bunch of candidates. And it is kind of inspect the data of people that this company has hired that had been very successful and people have been less successful. So we can actually start to bucket the candidates. You know this group, you have got 200 people you are looking at hiring, 50 over here look very much like the 50 people that you hired over the last five years that have been enormously successful for the company. And that’s the matter machine learning, using machine learning to just look at the profiles of individuals, companies hired over a period of time and make recommendations of how to prioritize candidates that they’re looking at making offers to. All the way from that level to our new security systems, which are going in now, where we are doing a log inspection, where we’re looking at people and the logs we look at unlike anybody else, we are in the applications business, we are in the database business, and we’re in the Cloud infrastructure business looking at network logs and operating system logs, and storage hardware logs, we’re also looking at database logs, we're looking at people trying to log on to application systems and the passwords they are reducing. We have all of these logs. And we are processing all of these logs in our Cloud to for example trying to find people who are going to attack a database and steal passwords, and steal data. And we think we do this better than anybody because we look at more data. We look at application data, in other words we certainly know that you're CFO is in the Ukraine trying to log on 50,000 times in the middle of the night. Maybe you're CFO is not vacationing in Ukraine and that’s not her, and there could be a problem someone is trying to break in. We look at that level of data all the way down to IP addresses. There are strange IP addresses trying to figure out, we look at strange SQL terms, anyway we do - we look at 10 times more log information then someone like Splunk, who has been inspecting IP addresses, but not log in information. So, we get a much better picture of all the activity of what’s going on inside your data centre and use machine learning to inspect this vast amount of data and see if someone is in their reconnaissance base of prior to an attack where we can shut them off while they are just looking around before they actually attack anything and then start stealing passwords and start stealing data. Again, that’s also all machine learning. We’re offering that technology - again in OpenWorld we’re offering, the customers can ship their logs from their data centre and into our Cloud and we will do all of that security reconnaissance and security work for them. And the more of this information we have the better equipped we are to find a malware. You find malware showing up let’s say Germany, and we know what it looks like and suddenly we have worldwide alerts because - worldwide alerts to recognize that the malware that should show up in California or at a - and as we know there is a lot of securities getting more and more important these days. The events at Equifax, very unfortunate. Events at Equifax is not going to be an isolated incident. You are going to see more and more things like this. You saw at the government's office of personal management, which was disastrous for our intelligence community. We’ve got to do a better job, we got to do a better job of securing not only our Cloud, but our customer's data centers getting all of that log data using machine learning to - and basically what is a cyber war that’s going to be on going for a long, long time. So everything from helping companies using AI to help companies hire the right people to helping data centers both private data centers and public data centers protect against intrusions. It’s an important new technology and it’s the centre of what we are doing with database automation, security and our applications.
Raimo Lenschow: Alright. Thank you, Larry.
Ken Bond: A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the investor relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. With that I’ll turn it back to Holly for closing.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you for joining today's Oracle's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. We do appreciate your participation and ask that you please disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-06-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Senior Vice President Larry Ellison - Chairman and Chief Technology Officer Safra Catz - Chief Executive Officer Mark Hurd - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital Kirk Materne - Evercore Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie John DiFucci - Jefferies Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Kash Rangan - Bank of America Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Mark Moerdler - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Welcome to Oracle’s Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I’d like to turn today’s call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Kimberly. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle’s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before we take questions, we will begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. As you can see, we had a tremendous quarter in just about every way as cloud revenue, new software license and earnings were all much better than expected. The adoption by our customers of our products and services is at an all-time high. But before going into more detail about Q4, you can also see that we have made significant improvement in our financial reporting to align with how we are running the business now. The cloud has become our predominant growth vehicle. As you can see in our press release supplemental pages, we have given you tons of detail. We have given you the detail in our new presentation format and we have also provided the reporting in our old format going back through fiscal 2016 and 2017. So, you can see the numbers the new way, the old way all including history to help your transition this quarter. I will first walk you through the reporting changes, then go over to Q4 results using the new format and recap Q4 using the old format for comparability to my previous guidance. Then, I will sum up fiscal year ‘17 results using the new additional detail before moving on to my guidance for Q1. So, please be patient as I am going to be giving you a lot in numbers today. But as I said, it’s all in the press release tables that are on file. So, you don’t have to catch every number. After all that, I will turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. In making these reporting changes, we are now reporting SaaS revenue separately as our tremendous growth resulted in SaaS revenue crossing the $1 billion a quarter threshold in Q4, having grown 76% in constant currency. We have also combined platform and Infrastructure-as-a-Service as the synergies and cross-selling between these two businesses is very high and this is also how we are measuring our internal organization.  On Page 10, you can see GAAP applications revenue, which is SaaS and on-premise application software revenues and further down the page GAAP platform and infrastructure revenues, which is the PaaS and IaaS and on-premise revenues. For hardware, we have gone ahead and consolidated hardware products and hardware support into a single line item of hardware. And we have also aligned the expense lines where appropriate. I am now going to go over our non-GAAP Q4 results with our new format and use constant dollar growth rates unless I state otherwise. This quarter by the way the effects of currency movements resulted in a 1% headwind on both total software revenue, including cloud as well as total revenue. Currency movements had a $0.01 negative impact on non-GAAP EPS and $0.02 negative impact on GAAP EPS. Well, clearly, we are absolutely thrilled with our Q4 results as software and cloud revenues were 4 points above the high-end of my guidance and earnings per share was $0.08 above the high-end of my guidance. As I mentioned earlier, cloud SaaS revenues for the quarter were more than $1 billion for the first time and up 76% from last year. Cloud, PaaS and IaaS revenue for the quarter were $403 million, up 45% from last year. You can see the continuing revenue momentum of our cloud business in the cloud billings and deferred revenue. The gross deferred revenue balance is now over $2.4 billion, up 63% in U.S. dollars. Cloud billings grew 42% in U.S. dollars this quarter. And once again, we have put the cloud billings number up on our website for you to see the detail this quarter and frankly probably don’t need to keep doing it since many of the numbers you can derive. As our SaaS business continues to scale and grow dramatically, the gross margin has expanded. The gross margin for SaaS in the quarter was 65%, up from 54% last Q4. We expect to see further improvement in FY 18 and remain committed to our goal of 80% SaaS gross margins over time. Now, the gross margin for PaaS and IaaS was 47%, down from 54% last Q4 as we invested in our geographic build-out ahead of the bulk of the revenue recognition. When we approach scale, I expect to see improvements in gross margins there too. Total cloud revenues in the quarter were $1.4 billion, up 66% from last year. Total on-premise software revenues were $7.5 billion essentially unchanged from last year and while new software license revenues were $2.6 billion, down 4% reflecting the increasing preference of customers for cloud. Software updates and product support revenues were $4.9 billion, up 3% reflecting the continued high attach and renewal rates that showed the stability of our installed base of on-premise customers. Total software and cloud revenues were $8.9 billion, up 7% and 4 points above the high-end of guidance. In addition, the total on-premise software and cloud revenues for both our applications and platform and infrastructure businesses are growing very well now. Applications total revenue were $2.9 billion, up 10% non-GAAP, 8% GAAP, and platform and infrastructure total revenues were $6 billion, up 6% both GAAP and non-GAAP. In particular, our database business in aggregate grew 8%. Hardware revenues were $1.1 billion, down 12% and services revenue were $894 million, up 4%. Total revenues for the quarter were $10.9 billion, up 4% from last year, non-GAAP operating income was $5 billion, up 7% from last year, and the operating margin was 46%, which was up from 45% last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 20% as we saw some one-time benefits and EPS was $0.89 in U.S. dollars. The GAAP tax rate was 14.1% and GAAP EPS was $0.76 in U.S. dollars. Because of currency movements, non-GAAP EPS was lowered $0.01 and GAAP EPS was lowered by $0.02. Q4 using our old format against my guidance, you can see that SaaS, PaaS revenues were $1.2 billion, up 75% and above the high end of the guidance I gave last quarter. IaaS revenues were $214 million, up 29% and at the high end of my guidance. Now, moving on to the full fiscal year software and cloud revenues totaled $30.4 billion, growing 6% in constant currency with $24 billion or 79% of that being recurring revenue, up from 75% last year. Cloud SaaS was $3.4 billion, growing 70%. Cloud PaaS and IaaS was $1.4 billion, growing 63%. Total cloud revenues totaled $4.7 billion, growing 68%. On-premise software declined 1% to $25.6 billion as the 3% growth rate in software support was offset by cloud related declines in new software license which were down 11%. Hardware revenues were $4.2 billion, declining 10% and services revenue was $3.4 billion, up 1%. Total company revenues for the year grew 3% to $37.9 billion and operating income was $16.2 billion, up 3%. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the full year was 43%, up slightly from last year. Non-GAAP EPS – earnings per share were $2.74 in U.S. dollars, up 6%. Because of currency movements non-GAAP EPS was $0.03 lower. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was – it was $14.1 billion, up 3%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $525 million. Free cash flow over the last four quarters was $12.1 billion. I expect our cloud CapEx spending to be about $1 billion next year, roughly equivalent to this year’s level. We now have approximately $66.1 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt our cash position is approximately $8.2 billion. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $8.2 billion, up 8% year-over-year and up 11% sequentially. As we have said before, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividend. In terms of acquisitions, we always have a disciplined approach to finding the right companies at the right time at the right valuation and that make both strategic and financial sense. This quarter we repurchased 11 million shares for a total of nearly 500 million. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased 86 million shares for a total of 3.5 billion and paid out dividends of $2.6 billion. The Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.19 per share. Now to the guidance, I am going to give you guidance for Q1 and then some preliminary comments for FY ‘18. My guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency, but assuming current exchange rates remain the same as they are now currency shouldn’t have – should not have an effect on total revenues or EPS. So for Q1 cloud revenues including SaaS, PaaS and IaaS are expected to grow between 48% and 52%. Total revenue growth is expected to range from 4% to 6%. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to be somewhere between $0.59 and $0.61, up from $0.55 last Q1. This assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 23.5%. Of course the tax rate could end up being different. Over the full year of FY ‘18 I expect continued high growth in cloud revenues with cloud revenues materially surpassing new software license revenues. Operating income growth will accelerate and the continued expansion of cloud gross margins and the return of operating margin expansion. Over the last two quarters we exceeded the high end of my EPS guidance by $0.14 and as we begin FY ‘18 our compare is now that much higher. But even with this higher compare, I expect EPS growth will be double digit next year. As I mentioned earlier we will continue to invest in capital in our cloud data centers expansions, but I do expect our overall CapEx will be lower as the CapEx for real estate should be somewhat lower. With that, I will turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Last fiscal year we sold more than $2 billion in cloud annually recurring revenue. This is the second year in a row that we sold more cloud ARR than salesforce.com. We are now well on our way to passing them and becoming number one in the enterprise SaaS market. Our rapid SaaS growth is the driving force behind Oracle’s revenue and earnings growth in Q4. The reason we are confident that we will pass Salesforce is because we have a three-fold SaaS application suites for ERP, for HCM and for CRM including financials, procurement, supply chain, manufacturing, human resources, payroll, marketing, sales and service. Salesforce in contrast only competes in three of these nine market areas. Furthermore, Oracle is now the clear leader in cloud ERP. And ERP is by far the largest application market, not CRM. In addition to our demonstrated strength in SaaS, Oracle also competes in Infrastructure as a Service and Platform as a Service. Here our primary competitor is Amazon AWS. During this new fiscal year, we expect both our PaaS and IaaS businesses to accelerate into hyper growth, the same kind of growth we are seeing with SaaS. As our customers begin to migrate their millions of Oracle databases to generation two of the Oracle public cloud, the AT&T deal is just the beginning. We expect that our Oracle PaaS and IaaS businesses will grow so fast that they will be even bigger than our SaaS business. Over to you Mark.
Mark Hurd: Thanks Larry. First, I would like to congratulate Safra for getting through all that material that was a thing to get through. Listen, thanks Larry. Good quarter for us, obviously we tracked ahead of virtually every metric that I track, whether it’s cloud bookings, cloud revenue, EPS, really everything on my KPI list was at a record level. Turning to cloud bookings, $855 million, it’s the best quarter we have ever had, it’s up 43% over what was a very strong Q4 last year. We had a goal of $2 billion in ARR. We finished with nearly $2.1 billion. Next year we will sell more. By the way booking revenue growth rates are given in CD unless otherwise said, SaaS bookings were $486 million, PaaS and infrastructure bookings $369 million. As Safra said cloud revenue growth at 66%, we are now at $6 billion annualized run rate. For total software and cloud, to Safra’s point 80%, roughly 80% of our trailing 12 months revenue is now recurring in nature. SaaS revenue while up 76% was an acceleration from 40% growth last year. ERP was up 156% organically, that did not include NetSuite. Overall ERP is now over $1.2 billion annualized run rate. Fusion HCM was up 96%, most – more than twice the growth rate of Workday. In our front office solutions sales, marketing and service were all up double digits organically. Our verticals were up 111% and over $140 million in quarterly revenue. Our PaaS infrastructure revenue was up 45%, Database as a Service was up 62%. Our database business including Database as a Service and our on-premise licenses and support were up 8%. Cloud billings grew 42% as Safra said and deferred revenue up 63%, both of those are in USD. I am going to just name a few customers, so you get an idea of some of the customer wins we had in the quarter. I am not going to hit everything. I am just going to hit a few representative customers. I will start a little bit – I will start with ERP, Allianz, Ball Corporation, BNP Paribas, GE, the Kraft Heinz Corporation, Juniper, MetLife, Minerals Technology, Motorola, Mouser Electronics, NCR, Netflix, Newell Rubbermaid, Orange, Pearson, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Textron, University of Maryland, Vanderbilt University, Volkswagen. In HCM, ABM Industries, AutoZone, Fannie Mae, Fujitsu, Garden Fresh Restaurants, Landmark, Mary Kay, the National Football League, NTT, Raymond James Associates, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Staples, University of Pittsburgh, the University of Texas System, Vanderbilt and a very large investment bank in New York City who switched vendors to our HCM. Those are just a few representative customers across just a couple of pillars in the quarter. Lastly, as I mentioned, it was an overall a very strong quarter, bookings, billings and revenue, all at record levels. We announced an exciting deal with AT&T. And while it provided no revenue at all in Q4, it’s a very strategic win as a reference to all of our customers about the modernization of databases and the movement of them to the cloud. Looking forward just a couple of predictions. FY ‘17 bookings were $2.1 billion. Our pipeline is very large and ARR will be higher in FY ‘18. I do expect our application ecosystem of on-premise that would include licenses and support and SaaS will grow roughly 10% next year. With revenue now at an annualized run-rate of $6 billion and the growth rate of 66%, we are clearly the fastest growing cloud company at scale. With that, we will take your questions.
Ken Bond: Thank you. Kimberly, if we can please start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays Capital.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, congrats on a great quarter. Quick question on the database side, Safra, thanks for the extra disclosure that’s really helpful. I can see that the database license numbers are starting to accelerate – did accelerate in Q4. Is that already 12C or how do I have to think about them? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Maybe Larry might want to talk about 12C a bit.
Larry Ellison: Yes. I think it’s, yes, the new versions of our database are experiencing very, very rapid uptick. We have a number of key features. One is in memory. The other is multi-tenants. And people are moving to the latest version of our database more rapidly than they traditionally do. And we are seeing you saw evidence of that in Q4.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kirk Materne with Evercore.
Kirk Materne: Thanks and my congrats on a great end to the fiscal year. Mark, I was wondering if you could provide a bit more detail on the strength in the ERP business in the cloud and why that seems to be accelerating? And just as a quick follow-up, I noticed you didn’t provide any customer accounts this quarter by pillar. So, I was wondering if you might have those numbers for us as well. Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Yes, I was trying to save time, but sure I am glad to cover. We had a little less than 1,600 new SaaS customers, 1,575 in the quarter. We had 1138 expansions in the quarter, roughly 400 of those customers who bought SaaS, also bought Platform-as-a-Service. So, again the attach rate between apps and PaaS continues to strengthen. ERP, we had 868 new customers. Now, by the way, Kirk, that doesn’t include NetSuite. So, that’s just inside the traditional Oracle ERP business. We had almost 200 expansions. That’s a big deal, because as we start to sell in many cases financials we are now being able to sell supply chain, procurement and manufacturing into that base as well. Another good thing for us in the quarter is roughly two-thirds of the new ERP customers never had Oracle ERP before. So, again this is again 66%, 65% brand new logos to Oracle. So HCM, we had about 325, 326 new customers and 300 expansions and a little over 600 in marketing, sales and service and about 670 expansions. So sort of all-in, we have now about 13,550 customers in our SaaS active base. If you do include NetSuite, that number gets to 25,000. About 75% everything we did in the quarter was Fusion. Again, that would not include NetSuite. So, that’s roughly speaking how metrics worked out in the quarter. I hope that helps.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah Hindlian with Macquarie.
Sarah Hindlian: Alright, thank you. I would like to add congratulations too. That’s a really phenomenal quarter around this aggressive cloud transition. And I just had a couple of questions I wanted to address for the team. Safra, I want to start with you, you just reiterated the fiscal ‘18 double-digit earnings growth and I guess I think what’s becoming more relevant is do we think about this as a 1-year phenom bouncing off of the difficult transition or how can we really be thinking about earnings growth beyond fiscal ‘18 into ‘19 and ‘20? And then Mark, my second question is for you, really interested in hearing some of these larger logo wins you cited in SaaS and ERP and HCM in particular and yet you are still seeing and we are still continuing to hear about a lot of traction for you in the mid-market reflected in some of your other comments. So, I am trying to wrap my head around some of these larger logos that we are hearing pickup, especially on the ERP vertical given its sheer size. And I am hoping you can guide us as to where we are with some of those large logos in terms of go-live, pipeline, etcetera? That would be really tremendously helpful.
Safra Catz: Okay. So, this is absolutely not a 1-year phenomenon. In fact, what you should see as this goes on is we will have less drag from the transition and the base will continue to grow and so this should really accelerate and understand that in our PaaS, IaaS business, we are not even at scale. So, as we have really scaled that up, profitability is going to increase more quickly and revenues will be built on the base of another recurring revenue – of the recurring revenue business. So, we have been basically turning and we have had the drag of the move away from our historic business to some extent and revenue recognition that’s not upfront, but ratable. Then all of a sudden, you are going to see less of a drag as that side of the business is smaller compared to our cloud business. So, we are obviously very optimistic we indicated to you all during last year this past year that this thing was coming and it has clearly come in Q4. And this next year and years after that are now going to be building on that base.
Mark Hurd: To your other question, yes, we have got some very large active HCM customers. I mean, today, we have got Airtel, I don’t know, they are probably 30,000 users, American Eagle 40,000 users, Fairmont, Raffles hotels, 42,000 users, Siemens 60,000 users, Wells 275,000 users, Xerox 38,000, Schneider Electric over 100,000 and these are big, big customers. And so those are just HCM. So, those are obviously very big scale customers. Now that said in ERP, you are right in what you said. I mean, we have a lot of mid-market – upper mid-market wins and a lot of new logos to Oracle who were not doing business with Oracle before they made this acquisition and that’s certainly been a fantastic strength. I mean, our cloud is made up of a lot of new logos in addition to some existing customers. Now, in terms of scaled ERP customers though, I mean, Orange is – they are using financials, procurement, projects, supply chain management, GE Digital, Qualcomm, Hearst, Tesco, Ceasars, I mean, these are just sort of off the top of my head. So, these are big scaled ERP customers. Now to Larry’s point and I will make it a little bit about HCM and ERP, the TAM in ERP is materially bigger than the TAM in HCM. So the TAM in ERP is 3x to 4x bigger in ERP. And additionally ERP drags HCM or can drag HCM in the transaction. So these big – these big ERP references that we have and obviously with the number we closed in Q4 and are going live now every quarter, more to come. We see an increasing pull of HCM in these big ERP transactions and they are true in the mid-market and in the up-market. Hope that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci: Thank you. These are impressive results. And I will let others focus on those details. Mark, I would like if you could talk a little more about the AT&T deal, AT&T as you pointed out in the press release when that came out has been a customer of Oracle and we all know that, so I guess the question is how incremental is this deal to Oracle, is it a price uplift, because you are providing the entire infrastructure with cloud versus just the software or does it also include work – new workloads. And I guess can you give us any idea about how much incremental business assuming there is some which I think there obviously is, this means for you versus your previous relationship with AT&T?
Mark Hurd: Okay. So first I am not going to give you really all of that many detail, from a financial perspective. So as your point that was AT&T a good customer before this up, yes. Is AT&T going to be an even better customer going forward, yes. Is AT&T giving us more revenue than before, yes. Did AT&T give us any incremental revenue in Q4, no. So is this deal ratable over time, yes. Is it a long-term agreement, yes, it’s a very long-term agreement. Let me try to give you a little bit more color. First, it is a long-term deal. AT&T has over 10,000 Oracle databases. They have several hundred – and you might say John that’s a small percent of their overall databases, but they have several hundred large databases that have 70%, 75% of all of their company’s data. They have badly wanted to get the benefits of cloud, provisioning, a lot of provisioning and all the new features that come with product modernization, consolidation of that infrastructure, yet in many cases they have got regulatory pressures on what they can put in the public cloud and what they can’t. This is an example where we have talked about this before, we take our Oracle cloud machine and we are able now to do all of that with them on their premise and give them all the benefits of the cloud, we manage, we patch, we basically run the cloud for them and we help them get all of that done. And so it’s great a deal as this is. This is even a bigger deal John and what it represents for our entire customer base. This is a bigger deal to us than the transaction. It is the opportunity for us to now do this for hundreds and thousands and tens of thousands of customers. The opportunity for us in the quarter and the reason we somewhat put the press release out was AT&T being so effusive about their opportunity now and what it meant for them internal to AT&T. But its just if not more important for us and what we can do for all of our customers. Just to give you a little bit more data, not in any or hardware numbers is we did in excess of 100 Oracle cloud machines in the quarter which or again us bringing all of the capabilities of our public cloud to our customers in their data center. So that’s some details, although not the financial details of the deal. But frankly John, I think it’s just as important what it means to our customers going forward on the bigger picture.
Safra Catz: If I could just say one other thing to John, so the issue is really for the folks who have large installed bases of Oracle database and they have done the research of where those workloads should be, they pick Oracle, that’s really what is shown. The folks who could go anywhere and do anything come to us and that’s really the important message. And we are seeing that throughout the customer base and you are going to start to see it in the revenue.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you very much. This question could be for Mark or Safra, I mean obviously the cloud bookings number was very strong and I was wondering if you could just share with us any color on the impact that NetSuite might have had on the growth rate for cloud bookings and also well, I know you are not guiding to fiscal ‘18 cloud or SaaS, PaaS growth, I am just wondering if can share with us, Mark, you commented about having – doing better and expectation to do better than $2 billion in new cloud ARR, I am just wondering if you could talk a little bit about your confidence level there. And then just for the sake of clarity, since we do get this question from time-to-time, this $2 billion plus number that you mentioned is all new cloud business and does not include renewals, if you could just clarify that for people? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Well, it’s great. You gave me one question with five parts, so I am going to try my best to remember all of your questions and answer first part, bookings. Our new and expansion bookings, they do not include renewals. There are no renewals in the ARR that we report, okay, point one. Point two, how did NetSuite do, I think they did terrific. I think they just did terrific. I think they are very stable. They – we have seen some acceleration in their growth rates from when they were a public company. I think they have just done terrific. So we are thrilled with the acquisition and we are thrilled with how they are performing. We are thrilled with the synergy inside Oracle. And I want to make sure I am clear that’s not rhetoric. I mean we are really thrilled, but I have no facial expression I can give you, so that you can see it. Our pipeline is big, yes. I mean how confident am I in more cloud bookings this year, extremely, put quotes around extremely, underline it. But that said I think we are going to have a terrific year in the context of terrific pipeline. So I think I covered all your points,
Operator: Our next question is from Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Philip Winslow: Hi, thanks and congrats on really a fabulous fiscal Q4 and thank you for the increased disclosure in terms of on-premise breakdown of outsource platform. When I look at your Q4 results in the context of the full year, it’s basically almost impossible to argue that Oracle is not at the reaccelerating revenue growth inflection point in its transition to cloud, Mark would talk about apps, obviously has been growing mid to high single-digits, which is acceleration from last year, you talked about accelerating the 10% this coming fiscal year, so my question to both you or Safra is when you think about the platform side of the business here at Oracle, that’s been growing at low single-digits, where does that business fit in terms of the lifecycle transition to the cloud in terms of just the trajectory of net revenue growth? And I just have one follow-up to that.
Mark Hurd: Give us the follow-up first and then we can pace ourselves through the answers.
Philip Winslow: If the PaaS side continues to takeoff and now I want to put through in the context of Safra’s comments about CapEx being lower this year, the question I get is that, hey if this transition to the cloud is working, why is Oracle’s call it, operating model different in the cloud, why is Oracle so efficient in terms of it’s – call it infrastructure spend in the cloud and maybe that’s a good question for Larry actually?
Mark Hurd: Great. Okay.
Safra Catz: Alright. Well, let me just talk a little bit about PaaS and IaaS together. The old IaaS was as you know a slower growing business. Our Gen 2 IaaS much faster. PaaS much faster, as it gets, it sort of completely overwhelms the base of our old IaaS. You are going to see acceleration, you must see acceleration, because it is inevitable as we do more and more transactions and bookings, which turn into revenues as people bring their Oracle licenses, their Oracle workloads to us, so you are going to see that’s a very big area. Now, as far as margins, remember in our PaaS business or our IaaS business, the system itself is the same. However, what you see though is that there is enormous value in both our automation and in our technology whether different pieces of software that are in there. And depending on the mix, the margin can be extremely high. We have always – it’s still the Oracle you know in that we watch every nickel around here. And we all sign off on every data center expansion and all the hardware that goes in it. So we really are very, very careful on not getting too far ahead of our revenues, but also benefiting from massive economies of scale. This past year, we did a lot of build-out, for which the revenue has not been showing up yet in the financial statements, but it will be. So, depending on how the different pieces roll in, we expect margins by the time it’s the end of the year, we expect even PaaS, IaaS margins to be better, but we do feel we can do it within our CapEx envelope.
Larry Ellison: Okay. So, let me comment. What is different, why do we not have these huge build-outs and then wait for the revenue. We have a just – we have a system, we build our own hardware. We build virtually all of our own hardware, I mean, not some of the network switches we buy those from Arista. We don’t ship computers to any of our data centers until we have pretty firm orders for capacity when we are constantly measuring how much our data centers are used as our data centers reach, let’s say, a bigger number 75%, 80% utilization. I mean, we have got to some threshold, then we start to replenish and add compute and storage capacity to the data centers. It’s a just-in-time system. Those components will grow and go to Frankfurt or go to London or go to Singapore or go to any of our data centers around the world, but we do it in such a way that once we ship we know that we are going to have a very, very high utilization rate at our data center. So, with the just-in-time shipments and we only ship when they cross something like 75% or 80% utilization at that data center. So, we don’t have a lot of unused capacity. So, if – let’s just say if our CapEx was double what Safra forecast next year, that’s great news, because then our PaaS revenues and infrastructure revenues would be much higher and make up for with much higher profits. So, I don’t know if that’s clear. We don’t make it until in a sense we have already sold it.
Mark Hurd: Last point, first of all, just to add to everything Larry said, virtually most of the COGS other than what that Larry identified that fits in the data centers is ours. And then all of our R&D is aligned to all of our COGS and so we have both the advantage of being the major supplier to ourselves in addition to all of the R&D that we have into our technology. So, we get multiple benefits in addition to what Larry described. And Phil, just to be clear I just want to make sure I am clear on my quote, I said roughly double-digits on the application ecosystem growth next year.
Larry Ellison: Alright. Let me add one more thing I’ll do it for less. So, we build these storage systems than Amazon doesn’t have and Microsoft doesn’t have. And those storage systems are really a combination of flash and disk stored and we have these huge flash caches in front of the disk. So, from a customer standpoint, they think almost all the data is coming from flash and it has flash response times and flash performance, but we can do that, we can deliver that with hard disk cost. So, we can deliver that at about, I don’t know 20%, the cost of our competition. So, storage is a huge component of what the cloud providers are selling and we just have the better mousetrap. We have a better storage hierarchy system than they do. Therefore, we can provide very, very high performance at a dramatically lower cost to us than our competitors.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kash Rangan with Bank of America.
Kash Rangan: Hi, thank you very much. Congratulations. I am curious if you could talk about what drove the strength in license revenue this quarter is certainly much better than most people’s expectations. Did you have any products that were faced out or were comped out that you had any sort of pull-in potentially? And secondarily Safra, you talked about long-term SaaS gross margins approaching potentially 80% and if this AT&T deal is a harbinger of more databases transitioning to a PaaS model, what does the longer term outlook for gross margins for the entirety of the cloud business look like? And finally I had to sneak in one for Mark. Any thoughts on the sales force as you approach fiscal ‘18? Any changes, reorg etcetera? That’s it for me. Thank you.
Mark Hurd: That has to break every rule in the question etiquette thing. I think first, let me go to license in the quarter, there is no standout event. There is no product that discontinued. There was no single transaction. There was no geography I would say North America, I will say, first of all, overall very proud of our sales org in general, but North America was very strong again that I think they did a great job across both of our teams in North America, but we were solid really across every geography. There was just no real – Asia was strong for us. Japan, I could go on. So, there was no deal. There was no product. There was no geography. It was just really a broad-based performance overall. Do you want to talk about the gross margins?
Safra Catz: Yes, okay. So, SaaS gross margins will continue to increase all of this coming year. We will get closer and closer to my 80 goal by the end of the year. We probably won’t hit 80, but we will be pretty close by Q4 in SaaS margin. So, I think that’s good news. As a result, margins for the entire cloud business will be up quite a bit by the end. So, I am very, very happy upbeat and I expect margins to improve a lot.
Mark Hurd: I forgot your sales reorg question, that’s again, I saw a couple of notes on that. I mean, it’s just like sort of that we are laying off salespeople. This is all just not true. So, is our sales force shrinking? No. Do we change things in our sales force? Sure. Is there any major reorg going on? No. But remember our competitors change. We have some very simple principles how we run the sales force. We lineup our sales force by product. We line them up by buyer and by competitor. And that market tends – those dynamics can change or competitors change we have noted over the past several years. So, you will see some shift in our specialization. That’s sort of one point. Second, we are building out as we have told you over the past couple of years big hubs that are doing a lot of our selling. And so we have the byproduct of that is that our sales force is actually increasing in numbers, but our cost per salesperson is actually declining. So, our overall productivity is actually inclining. Those phenomena occur simultaneously. So, anything about – that you hear about we are reducing our sales force, again big news, nothing that’s going on here. Second, we are increasing our sales force. We continually sort of realign our specializations based on competitor, based on product, based on buyer and we continue to build out and are very happy with the continued progress of our hubbing strategy. So hopefully that answers your question about the sales force.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Thank you guys for taking the question and also very, very nice to FY ‘17. Safra, as we are thinking about FY ‘18, I think a big question investors are going to have is on the license revenue side, the declines that we are expecting – should we be expecting something more in line with what we saw in Q4 like that 5% range in terms of decline or more so should we be looking at like FY ‘17 the full year like 10% to 15% decline as our benchmark in terms of how that license revenue decline is going to progress throughout FY ‘18?
Safra Catz: Hi, Keith. I think this is quite cute. You know I didn’t give guidance on new software license growth, because it’s become less and less relevant. So, I don’t actually intend to give it now, but I will give you a chance to ask another question if you have got one.
Keith Weiss: Sure. Shifting gears to repurchases, perhaps the levels of repurchases that were done in Q4 dropped down from what we have seen in like FY ‘16 in the first half of the year probably sort of having to do sort of where U.S. cash is versus overseas cash. Can you give us an idea of how you guys are thinking about those repurchases into play?
Safra Catz: Sure. Absolutely. I’d love to. So as you guys know as I told you we spent quite a bit of money on that suite and so I needed to pay that back. And I have got a couple of quarters of still paying that back and as a general matter we like to buyback quite a lot of our stock, significantly more than at the 500 million a quarter that we have been on since we bought NetSuite. So one side paid all that back, assuming that I don’t buy anything else big, I expect that we will do what we always do which is send the money back to you all, because its your money and so we will buyout your partners and so share repurchases should go up. However, our stock price is going up also, so we may be spending more, but lucky us, lucky all of us stock price is going up which means sometimes I will get less share. So one side pay back NetSuite, I do expect to spend more than 500 million a quarter assuming I don’t buy anything else and anything else really significant. And – but I don’t know how many share I will get back because of course I don’t know what the stock price will be at that time.
Operator: Our final question comes from Mark Moerdler with Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. Congratulations on the strong quarter. So given software support is continuing to grow would suggest that the cloud has predominantly met new workloads from either new or existing customers, we would expect at some point soon your customers are going to start moving existing workloads to the cloud, so a couple of parts to the question, when do you expect Oracle apps and Oracle database for revenue to start moving to the cloud, which moves first, what do you expect the impact will be and lastly which of the – what of the migration is baked into your confidence in FY ‘18 cloud ARR?
Mark Hurd: Okay. Well, all it’s baked into our view. So there is no new news here. So let me flip the metric on you. If 65% which is not an uncommon number we have given you over the past several quarters is coming from net new logos, then the flip of that is 35% is coming from our existing base. So we have seen our existing base move. They have just to your point moved slower than what the new logos have. I actually think this is a good thing, because I believe that we will get all of our existing customers’ on-prem, roughly speaking moving to our cloud infrastructure over time. Now, in addition when we do move and I want to make sure I am clear and say it again we now have a lot more data than I would have had 2 years ago. When a customer who is on-prem paying us support moved to the cloud, they pay us more money. They don’t pay us one to one, they don’t pay us two to one, they pay us more like three to one. In some cases more than three to one. In some cases we also get the attach of platform to the SaaS that we get as well. And that is not included in the three to one that I am giving you. So we are actually very positive about the fact that if people move from our application support to our SaaS revenue, we get more money. And to Safra’s point about what’s going on with our gross margin, we now produce better performance at the bottom line, because we get more revenue at a very high margin rate. So I expect that to continue as we get more references Mark. In ERP etcetera, you are going to see that accelerate. We want that to accelerate and that acceleration is a good thing for our customers and it’s a good thing for Oracle shareholders. Now, the reason we made the deal that we made a big deal we made over AT&T is because of the implication that has on our database business, that is a – and Safra couldn’t have said, but this is now a customer who is now a reference in the public domain explaining why. And now I think you will see that same migration as time goes on we have more customers like them who are in the middle of the process of moving now. And I give you an example of how much infrastructure was bought in Q4. Oracle cloud machines just as a – that is one surrogate, but what’s happening and if that occurs we will get more revenue as well. And I predict we will be able to deliver higher levels of service, more functionality, more capability, more modernization as we do it. So I think you begun to see the application business, we love what we see in the applications business so far. And I think you at the beginning have seen it in the database business as well.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Mark. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thanks for joining us today. And with that I will turn the operator back to the – call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Thank you for joining today’s Oracle fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-03-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Senior Vice President Safra Catz - Chief Executive Officer Mark Hurd - Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison - Chairman and Chief Technology Officer
Analysts: Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital Phil Winslow - Wells Fargo John DiFucci - Jefferies & Company Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I'd like to turn today's call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. Ken?
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. Finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q3, I'll then review guidance for Q4 and then I'll turn the call over to Mark and then Larry. Just so you all know, we're not all in the same place today, so we may all answer at once, so give a chance. Clearly, we are delighted with our results as software and cloud revenue was at the high end of my guidance and earnings per share $0.06, above the high end of my guidance. Our pivot to the cloud is now clearly in full strength. We continue to see outside growth rates in our cloud business, especially when compared with our key competitors who're all seeing slowing growth. But more importantly, the increase in revenue from our cloud business has overtaken new software license business decline on an annual basis. Next year I expect our cloud revenue will be larger than our new software license revenue. The investments we've made to transition our business to the cloud has been important to ensure that Oracle remains a technology leader and we're now beginning to see the benefits in our results. With cloud overtaking new software license revenue, we expect our business to once again exhibit the same pattern we delivered over the previous decade as a license business that is growing revenue with disciplined cost management that results an EPS and cash flow that grow even faster. I expect EPS growth to ramp up throughout next year. We continue to use constant dollar rates on our quarterly calls, so that we can have some measure of consistency across the quarters, as well as to reflect how we measure the business. This quarter, the effects of currency movement were largely in line with my guidance of 1% currency headwind for revenue, $0.01 negative impact to EPS. Cloud, SaaS, and PaaS revenues for the quarter were $1.1million, up 86% from last year. You can also see the continued strength of our cloud business in the SaaS and PaaS billings and deferred revenue. The gross deferred revenue balance is now over $2 billion, up 75% in U.S. dollars; and SaaS and PaaS billings grew 111% in U.S. dollars this quarter. We've put the billings numbers up on our website for you to see the detail. When you add together cloud, SaaS, PaaS revenues, and new software license revenue together, we grew 11% in constant currency. This is a significant milestone in our transformation where the combination of our cloud and new software license businesses added together are growing. As cloud becomes an even larger percentage of the total, the growth will only accelerate with earnings and cash flow following along. As our SaaS and PaaS business continues to scale and grow dramatically, the gross margin continues to expand. The Q3 gross margin for SaaS and PaaS was 65%, up from 51% last year, and I expect it to be about the same region in Q4. I expect that our total Saas and PaaS gross margin will continue to trend toward 80% overtime. Cloud infrastructure as a service revenue was 178 million, up 19% from last year. The Q3 gross margin was 30%, as we continue to make the necessary investments to scale out this business. As we make additional investments, the expenses and immediately while the revenues recognized overtime, so the gross margin in this part of the business could decline to roughly about 20% over the next few quarters. After which, I expect gross margin will climb to more than 40% as the business scales. Total cloud revenue in the quarter was approximately 1.3 billion, with growth modestly accelerating to 72% in constant currency from last year. Total on-premise software revenues were 6.2 billion with software updates and product support revenues at $4.8 billion, up 3% from last year. Attach and renewal rates remained at their usual high levels, as our installed base of customers continued to grow, in fact they actually increased. New software license revenues were nearly 1.4 billion, down 15%, reflecting the continued emphasis on and migration to cloud. Total hardware, including hardware support was down 9% with hardware systems product revenue of 520 million and hardware support revenue of $508 million, again reflecting our focus on the move to the cloud. For the company, total revenue for the quarter was 9.3 billion, up 4% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was 3.9 billion, up 4% from last year and the operating margin was 43%, up from 42% last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 21.6%, as the rate was favorably impacted by some onetime benefits and some other factors, including favorable geographic mix this quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.69 in USD, up from $0.64 and up 8% in constant currency. The GAAP tax rate was 17% and the GAAP EPS was $0.53 in USD, up from $0.50 last year. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was 13.5 billion, which is lower because of the rapid growth we're seeing as we transition to cloud and having an impact on our working capital. Our operational metrics like DSO and Days Payable are stable, so it's just largely an effective growth on working capital and timing. Capital expenditures for Q3 were 440 million with about third of it from real estate, while most of the rest was cloud build out and internal use. Free cash flow over the last four quarters was 11.8 billion. We now have approximately 69 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt, our cash position is approximately 5 billion. The short-term deferred revenue balance is 7.4 billion, up 7% in constant currency. This quarter, we purchased approximately 30 million shares for a total of 500 million. Over the last 12 months, we've repurchased 124 million shares for a total of 5 billion and paid out dividends of 2.5 billion. And the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 27% from $0.15 to $0.19 per share. Now let me go to the guidance. Because we expect to see continued volatility in exchange rates, we do also expect to see significant currency headwind. I am going to give you constant currency guidance, but if the current exchange rates remain the same throughout the quarter as they're right now, we actually expect to see currency headwind of 2% on revenue and $0.02 negative impact on EPS. These currency headwinds are higher than last quarter, meaning that most of your Q4 estimates do not yet reflect the incremental revenue and EPS headwinds of an additional negative impact of 1% and $0.01 to EPS. All of my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis. With that my guidance is as follows. SaaS and PaaS revenue including NetSuite is expected to grow 69% to 73%, effectively raising my full year guidance from 80% to 81% for the year. We're beginning to see an increasing and favorable attach between our PaaS and IaaS order. So I'm going to provide guidance on IaaS as well this quarter. IaaS is expected to grow 25% to 29%. Software and cloud revenue including SaaS, PaaS and IaaS, new software license and software support is expected to grow 1% to 3%. Total revenue is expected to grow from negative 1 to positive 2. EPS is expected to be between $0.78 and $0.82 in constant currency. Now, this assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 23.5%, but of course the Q4 tax rate could end up being different. With that I'm going to turn this over to Mark and then Larry follows him.
Mark Hurd: Alright, thanks Safra. We thought Q3 would be strong going in and as you can see it turned out to be just that. I'm going to give you a bunch of numbers hear and try to give you a little bit more insight to the quarter. First, in ARR, we booked 545 million in USD. Every number I'm going to give you was actually in CD, I want to say it differently. 545 in USD, 547 in CD, that is up 73% and the second best quarter we had ever had. SaaS bookings were 322 million in USD and PaaS infrastructure bookings were 223 in USD. Cloud revenue was up 72% and we're now in an annualized $5 billion run rate. Saas, Paas revenue was up 86%. We're the fastest growing scaled cloud business in the world and that is on top, that growth rate is on top of last year's 60%. In ERP, we were up 280% organically and with NetSuite ERP is now our largest pillar. Fusion HCM was up 106%, that's more than three times the growth rate of Workday. CX was up 16% with marketing and service both over 100 million in quarterly revenue. Our vertical is up for 109% and also over 100 million in quarterly revenue. Database as a Service was up 427%. Our database business including all of our on premise businesses net revenue. PaaS was up 375% year-to-date, with cloud services up 300%. As Safra mentioned Saas, PaaS billings were up 111% in USD, Saas, PaaS deferred revenue was up 75% in USD. Now, some customer metrics, 1,125 new SaaS customers in the quarter, 908 expansions, 210 customers who bought SaaS also bought PaaS. CX, we had 480 new customers and 586 expansions. In HCM, we had 206 new customers and 217 expansions. In ERP, we had 564 new customers that did not include NetSuite; we got 120 expansions. 50% of our new ERP customers never had Oracle ERP before they bought this quarter. Our active base of ERP customers is now approaching 3,700, 1,465 are live, 10X Workday. In total we now have 13,103 customers in our SaaS active base and 25,000 with NetSuite. Two thirds of our new customer wins were for Fusion. 243 Go-Lives for Fusion, 2,444 customers are now live on Fusion. We have 2,380 PaaS customers in the quarter and 2,586 new customers buying standalone infrastructure as a service. As a point of clarity, PaaS and infrastructure customers accounted for each service that they buy. Lastly, this was an excellent quarter. Bookings, billings and revenue were all extremely solid. Now, a few predictions, Q3 bookings growth was strong, as I mentioned 73%. We will book at least 2 billion in ARR this year. Q3 revenue growth was impressive at 72% and with revenue now and an annualized run rate of 5 billion; we're clearly the fastest growing cloud company at scale. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Let's say, generation two of Oracle's infrastructure as service cloud now has the ability to run customers' largest databases, something that is impossible to do using Amazon web services. Amazon can only run relatively small Oracle databases in their cloud. Gen 2 of Oracle IaaS also delivers ultra high database performance and form caller reliability in the cloud. Many Oracle workloads now run ten times faster in the Oracle cloud versus the Amazon cloud. It also costs less to run Oracle workloads in the Oracle cloud than the Amazon cloud. As a result some of our largest customers' are negotiating huge infrastructure as a service contracts to move all their databases to the Oracle cloud. You can expect some of those big deals to be announced in the coming weeks. Fast growth in the infrastructure as a service business is new for us. We've done well on SaaS and in PaaS over the past few years, but this is the first time we've ever had a technology lead in infrastructure as a service. We're now in position to help our hundreds of thousands database customers move millions of Oracle databases to our infrastructure as a service cloud. SaaS and PaaS are large, rapidly growing businesses for us. Together SaaS and PaaS grew 85% this past quarter. But soon infrastructure as a service will be growing even faster and before long infrastructure as a service will become Oracle's largest cloud business. In summary, all of Oracle's cloud businesses are growing rapidly and IaaS will be leading the way in the future. Thanks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Holly, if we could prepare the audience for the Q&A portion of the call now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks, very much and congrats on a very nice third quarter. My question is for Mark. Mark, obviously a really nice quarter across the board, but particularly from cloud bookings perspective, can you talk about what changed if anything in the quarter versus the second quarter either in terms of the macro backdrop or better execution and just relatedly we'll be interested in what you're seeing in the pipeline that gives you further confidence in that $2 billion ARR target. Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Kirk, I thought good about Q1, I thought good about Q2, I feel good about Q3, I didn't feel any major change. It's just really the timing of wins, bookings closed. We had a very strong set of quality wins. I mean if you win into HCM, I mean just to give you some idea Kirk, we closed America Movil in the quarter, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Ford, Emerson, Hilton, Hyundai Motor, Jefferies, Rogers Communications, I mean we had a very strong set of logos in the quarter. I mean in ERP, we closed ClubCorp, Cummins, Lufthansa, Dish Network, I mean it was just a - I could go on. I don't have time to tell you all of these deals. But we saw it going in, we felt it would happen. It did and I think our team executed well. I would say Kirk that there was no - it wasn't geographically centered and it was pillar centered. As I mentioned earlier we had credible growth in ERP 280% organically, we had a 106% growth in HCM, we had strong in our sales automation business and it wasn't unique to one geography, so in the quarter broad based, cross pillar, cross geography. In terms of going forward, our pipeline is big. I mean I said before, I'll say it again. Our pipeline's growth, if you looked at it year-over-year resembles all of the growth rates you've heard in terms of what you've seen in terms of our bookings growth this quarter. And I think our execution just continues to get better. I'll also add in the quarter that NetSuite's performance accelerated. So from the last reported quarter in terms of bookings growth, their growth in the quarter, which for them was an odd thing because they're not used to having December, January, February quarter, but when compare it apples-to-apples, they grew faster than the last reported quarter in terms of bookings as well, so it's a very good quarter for us.
Kirk Materne: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Hi, thank you very much. Mark, you must be wearing a suit and Larry, maybe you're wearing a sweater because you're talking tech and Mark is talking application, so I'm going to direct my applications question to Mark if you don't mind. Mark, can you talk about what's ahead for cloud SaaS, obviously there is manufacturing, order entry, supply chain, those kinds of things that could book to the cloud. How should we think about the cycle ahead in that regard? Thank you very much.
Mark Hurd: It is a big change for us in ERP. This is not the world of two providers and I was talking about upgrade cycles. What happened to us in ERP and I go back to the fact that 50% of our customers in the quarter were just brand-new. So, they never had bought ERP from us before. Ad what happened is our total available market has just become incredibly large. If you looked at the persona of our customers that are in the ERP cloud today, they were not - most of them, more than 50% of them today were not in Oracle ERP customer her before they bought from us. So, I don't think, cash, it's really more of a cycle. I think it's really more of just an inflection point for us in terms of - we're now at a place where we have almost 4,000 customers in ERP SaaS. Many of our on-prem customers have not moved and yet we're in a position where we can go get a whole set of customers that we never had access to before. Mid-market customers, we can do that globally and we can go now for customers that want to move to a SaaS application in the cloud and get all of those benefits. Frankly, our competitors' user bases have all opened up to us. And so, I don't see it quite as a cycle of that. I see it as a big change in the opportunity for us in terms of the total available market we can go after. Larry may have a comment or two he would like to add as well.
Larry Ellison: No, again, I couldn't agree with Mark more. Our ability now to service much smaller customers than we could have serviced in the past is because the cloud allows you to deploy ERP in much, much lower costs. You don't have to have ERP. You don't have to build the data center. Obviously, you don't have to hire programmers. You don't have to hire a bunch of data operations people. We do all that for you, and therefore the available market has at least doubled what it used to be. And we're also beginning to see, as Mark said, SAP customers moving their ERP and some very, very large SAP customers looking very closely at our ERP systems. So, we expect to have some big wins in the SAP install base, so we're definitely going out from there in the coming month.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays Capital.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thank you and congrats from me as well. I had a question around 12C. So, you have 12C now in the cloud for a good few months and I saw last week that it's now available on-premise. Can you talk a little bit about the early feedback from customers you saw and released to in the cloud and what did it mean - what does it mean now that it's available on-premise? Obviously, in the olden days that kind of spiked a little bit of an uptick in the database license growth, I'm just wondering how we have to think about it now in the new cloud world. Thank you.
Larry Ellison: I will give you one thing that's important to note that our cloud business, our license business per database is growing. So, our on-prem database business continues to grow. I'm not talking about the board, I'm talking about new licenses. That business is growing and grew this past Q3. An awful lot of our customers are planning to move their database workloads to our cloud, but they're going to bring their own license. In other words, they own a bunch of Oracle license and they're just going to move those licenses to our infrastructure as a service. So, we expect our database license business to continue to grow. That should continue to respond kind of as it had in the past. In other words, the cool new features become available faster in memory processing, the ability to take an existing single tenant application and automatically turn into a multi-tenant application to be very attractive to our customers and our ISDs, they will buy more licenses, they may then in turn bring those licenses to the cloud. So, we expect our on-premise or better said, our database license business to continue to grow and accelerate because of 12.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Just as a follow-up because I know what Larry meant, it's our database business grew, support plus license plus database as a service, those three categories together, our database business grew in the quarter. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Philip Winslow: Hey, thanks guys and congrats on a great quarter. I really wanted to focus on in particular on the PaaS line, because obviously you guys put up a huge ARR quarter there. Safra, you mentioned increasing the PaaS, sort of IaaS to PaaS, part of our thesis has been, since you rolled out the new Datacenter 2.0 model on IaaS, that increasing attach there would then drive acceleration in the PaaS business. So, the question to, I guess, all three of you and I'll jump off, is what are you seeing since the announcement of - you had opened world on the IaaS side and how is that impacting? How do you expect it to impact the PaaS business?
Mark Hurd: Well, I mean, Phil, there is a lot of questions you had in one question there. So, I mean I think the point we've continued to try to indicate is that we've seen a continual connect first PaaS to SaaS. So, we've got a bunch of SaaS customers who typically buy an application and now we're starting to get up into where we see 20%, 25% connectivity. When somebody buys the SaaS application, they buy PaaS. I think part of what we're talking about with attach with infrastructure is it becomes a bit harder to differentiate in some cases what is a pure infrastructure and what is PaaS, because the customer now buys the computer, buys the computing, buys the storage, et cetera along with PaaS and so you begin to get upward and to a degree of the infrastructure business and the database business, but no question about it. We continue to see the attach rates continue to incline of PaaS to our SaaS business, which I think was your - at the core of your first question, Phil.
Philip Winslow: Yeah, sort of the [indiscernible].
Safra Catz: Yes. For our database customers, when they come in, they can order PaaS. They can bring or they can bring their licenses, use IAS and as a general matter when they are running a database where they got something else too and so they're going to need some IAS to actually run their application when they're not our SaaS application. So, we're seeing these together very often. And so, I figured as we've now moved - as we're moving to our more advanced IAS from what you used to have, I thought I would break it out for you to see it.
Philip Winslow: Great, thanks, guys.
Safra Catz: Okay.
Ken Bond:
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies and Company.
John DiFucci: Thank you. My question is for Safra. Safra, you've previously talked about double-digit constant currency earnings growth for next year. You had meaningful outperformance this quarter and your guide was better than where the street is. I guess you also mentioned in your prepared remarks about EPS ramping through next year. I guess just to clarify, do you expect to still achieve double-digit growth? And is that exiting the year it'll be double-digit growth or are you talking about for the entire year?
Safra Catz: So, I expect that when you look at the entire year, it will be double-digit growth, but it will start smaller and get bigger as we get through the year. So, Q1, I don't know right now. It's a little too early. We'll talk again as to what I'm going to see. Things look nice. But I'm going to - we'll talk again in June on Q1. And I think by the end of the year, the only question is, which quarter would drive into double-digit? And it's a little too early to tell but I expect to see it for the year.
John DiFucci: Okay, okay. Great and just if I could a quick follow-up on a related profitability note, the one thing in the results this quarter was cash flow actually declined from a year ago, I think, this quarter. You mentioned in your prepared remarks working capital and timing issues. Can you just provide a little more detail on what you mean by that?
Safra Catz: Yeah. I mean there is really nothing in it. It is pretty much just timing of when we paid stuff and things like that. I mean we would be filing our Q, our plan is to filing on Friday. You can spend the weekend digging through it. We dug through. There is nothing interesting going on whatsoever. We're growing and it's really just timing of different working capital impacting account, really nothing in particular.
John DiFucci: Okay, great. Looking forward to that weekend. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Thank you guys, for taking my question and a nice quarter. A new one for Larry just to clarify sort of the positioning on infrastructure as a service, when we think about sort of Gen 2 offering, is the positioning a platform for your customers to run workloads primarily or was it just more of a general purpose platform that you expect to go head on with AWS and Azure for general purpose type workloads?
Mark Hurd: It's absolutely a general purpose workload, because Oracle database is a backend. We have no idea what that application might be. It could be on our backing application. It could be our DNA, basically our matching application. There are millions or tens of millions of Oracle applications running. They're going to have to move the infrastructure as a service and the backend will probably run all the databases in PaaS, but we have to have a completely generalized infrastructure as a service offering that we built and we think we have performance and cost advantages with our new Gen 2 over both Amazon and Azure.
Keith Weiss: Excellent, thank you.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Sarah Hindlian with Macquarie.
Sarah Hindlian: Great, thank you so much and congratulations on the quarter, I would love Safra, if you could give us an early indication or any potential impact do you expect on the business model from SaaS B and IaaS B initiating new revenue recognition policies. Whatever you are seeing or thinking there that we should be starting to think about would be helpful.
Safra Catz: Sure, for us it's no big deal actually. It's really very much a non-event. I do hear one of our competitors talking all sorts of stuff about it. No, stuff for us to minimize [ph]. Maybe they're trying to talk about something else, but in our case we're not actually early adopting, but it doesn't make a difference really. Zero impact whatsoever on cash flows and no impact on what we disclosed to you or any of the things that these other companies talking about. For us it's really nothing.
Sarah Hindlian: Alright, thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: Okay. And our final question will come from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you so much for taking the question. Just one is actually for Larry. I was wondering if you can share with us, it does appear that the company is coming to an inflection point in regards to your transition of the cloud and given the results from today and your commentary about Q4 and the earnings growth for next year, how long do you think this could run?
Larry Ellison: Well, we have a very, very large database business. We have hundreds of thousands of database customers and we have millions and millions of applications that run on the Oracle database. Most of those databases and most of those customers will move most of their databases and most of these workloads to the cloud. And we think our cloud will be - right now we have a huge technology lead over both Amazon and Azure with our new Generation 2 infrastructure as a service. We can deliver ultrahigh performance. People have been buying these Exadata Database Machines and are getting used to running very large databases very, very fast and we can deliver comparable ultrahigh performance at very, very low cost in our cloud. So, we think how long does it take to migrate several hundred thousand customers and several million databases to the Oracle cloud and I think the rate of migration is going to accelerate over the years, but it's going to be at least a five-year run of very, very rapid growth as our database business begins to move. You've seen what it's like. Our application business began to move to the cloud several years ago and - but that's a little bit different. I mean we built all new application and they migrated from an old application, either an SAP application or an old PeopleSoft application or E-Business Suite and they migrated to our new Fusion ERP suite. That's a very different than simply lifting up an Oracle database workload and moving it over to Oracle. The application goes to infrastructure as a service and then the database goes to platform as a service. That's the faster process, but a much larger install base. Again my estimate is that business will move over - the majority will move over the next five years and that's going to give us enormous growth rates over that five-year period.
Heather Bellini: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Ken Bond for closing comments.
Ken Bond: Thank you everybody and thank you Holly. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issues earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you. With that, Holly, I want to turn it back to you for closing.
Operator: Once again, we would like to thank you for participating on today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-12-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - SVP Safra Catz - CEO Mark Hurd - CEO Larry Ellison - Chairman and CTO
Analysts: John DiFucci - Jefferies Mark Moerdler - Sanford Bernstein Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Market Sarah Hindland - Macquarie Michael Turits - Raymond James Raimo Lenschow - Barclays
Operator: Welcome to Oracle’s Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I’d like to turn today’s call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s second quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. Finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we’ll begin with few prepared remarks. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for the quarter, I’ll then review guidance for Q3, as well as give some direction on FY17 and turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. Clearly, we are pleased with our results as both total revenue and earnings per share exceeded the midpoint of my guidance. Our pivot to the cloud has been phenomenal. We continue to see accelerating growth rates in our cloud business, while our key competitors are slowing down, but more importantly, the increase in revenue from our cloud business is starting to overtake our new software license business decline. Our cloud revenue will be larger than our new software license revenue next fiscal year, when the transition will be largely complete. While the investments we’ve made to transition our business to the cloud have limited our ability to expand earnings per share near-term, they’ve been important to ensure that Oracle remains the technology leader. With cloud overtaking new software license revenue, we expect our business to once again exhibit the same pattern we delivered over the previous decade as a license business, increasing revenue that results an EPS and cash flow that grow even faster. We continue to use constant dollar growth rates on our quarterly calls, so that we can have some measure of consistency across the quarters, as well as to reflect how we measure the business. This quarter, the effects of currency movement were more than what I had included in my guidance, mostly because of the strengthening U.S. dollar after recent elections in U.S. and Europe, resulting in currency headwind of 1% in total revenue, 2% in some revenue categories and one penny to EPS. The devaluation of the Egyptian currency last month also negatively impacted EPS by a second penny. None of this was in my guidance for the quarter. Cloud, SaaS, and PaaS revenues for the quarter were $912 million, up 89% from last year. You can also see the continuing acceleration of our cloud business in the SaaS and PaaS billings and deferred revenue. The gross deferred revenue balance is now over $1.6 billion, up 51% in U.S. dollars; and SaaS and PaaS billings grew 39% in U.S. dollars this quarter. We’ve put the billings numbers up on our website for you to see the detail as usual. When you add together cloud, SaaS and PaaS revenues, and new software license revenue, they grew 5% in constant currency. And by the way, Database as a Service and database new software license revenue together also grew. These are significant milestones in our transformation with the combination of our cloud and new software license businesses added together are growing. As cloud becomes an even larger percentage of the total, the growth will only accelerate with earnings and cash flow following along. As our SaaS and PaaS business continues to scale and grow dramatically, the gross margin continues to expand. Q2 gross margin for SaaS and PaaS was 61%, up from 43% last year, and I expect to see further improvement in Q3 and Q4. And from there, we’ll be targeting 80%. Cloud infrastructure as a service revenue was $175 million, up 9% from last year. The Q2 gross margin was 37%. Now, that’s lower than prior quarters as we are making the necessary investments to scale out this business. Now, I want to spend a moment explaining it to you, because you’re going to see some effects. What’s happening with the infrastructure as a service gross margin is similar to what we experienced with the SaaS and PaaS gross margin, except that it’s off a much smaller revenue base and thus the margin impact is more at the beginning. To refresh for everyone, when we invested in our SaaS, PaaS business in advance of the revenue scale out, the gross margin declined 16 percentage points before bottoming at 40%; it’s now up to 61%. And as I just mentioned, will climb to 80% over time. Similarly, I expect the infrastructure as a service gross margin will decline future over the next few quarters, as we make investments in the business to hit our expenses immediately while the revenue is recognized over time. But for modeling purposes, I would use 20% as a trough gross margin. Probably, it doesn’t need to go quite that low but just for modeling purposes you can aim there, after which I expect the gross margin will climb to nearly 40% as the business scales probably higher. Total cloud revenue in the quarter was over $1 billion for the first time at nearly $1.1 billion, up 69% in constant currency from last year. Total on-premise software revenues were $6.1 billion with software updates and product support revenues at $4.8 billion, up 3% from last year. Attach and renewal rates remained at their usual high levels, as our installed base of customers continues to grow. New software license revenues were slightly over $1.3 billion; now that is down 19%, reflecting the continued emphasis on and migration to cloud. Total hardware, including hardware support was down 9% with hardware systems product revenue of $497 million and hardware support revenue of $517 million. Just so that you know, we are proactively evaluating our expense infrastructure needed to support the on-premise hardware business in light of on-premise hardware revenue declines and the new availability of IaaS for their customers. For the Company total revenues for the quarter were $9.1 billion, up 2% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $3.8 billion, up 3% from last year and operating margin was 42%, up from 41% last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 25.5% considerably higher than last year’s 20.4%, which had been favorably impacted by some onetime benefits.  Now, in view of possible changes to the U.S. corporate tax system, normalization of our geographic earnings and other factors, the likelihood effect favorable impact to our tax rate over time is higher but obviously not certain. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.61 in U.S. dollars, the GAAP tax rate was 24.3%, the GAAP EPS was $0.48 in U.S. dollars. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was $14.2 billion. Capital expenditures for Q2 was $757 million with cloud CapEx accounting for approximately 40% of the total with the rest being real estate. Free cash flow over the last four quarters was $12.6 billion, up 10% from last year. We now have approximately $68 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt, our cash position is approximately $4 billion. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $7.4 billion, up 8% in constant currency. This quarter, we purchased nearly 30 million shares for a total of $500 million, which is less than prior quarter, due obviously to the use of our cash for the acquisition of NetSuite. Over the last 12 months, we’ve repurchased 172 million shares for a total of $6.7 billion and we paid out dividends of $2.5 billion. And the Board of Directors again declared A quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share. Now to the guidance. I am going to provide guidance for Q3, then some updated comments about the whole year. Given recent currency movement, we expect to see continued volatility in exchange rates and significant currency headwind. Today again was a very significant day in currency with the dollar strengthening. I am going to give you constant currency guidance, but if current exchange rates remain just about where they are right now, we expect to see a currency headwind of at least 1% on revenue and at least $0.01 to EPS. All of my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis. With that my guidance is as follows. SaaS and PaaS revenues including NetSuite is expected to grow 82% to 86%. Software and cloud revenue including SaaS, PaaS and IaaS, new software license and software support is expected to grow 4% to 6%. Total revenue is expected to grow 3% to 5%. EPS is expected to be between $0.61 and $0.64 in constant currency. Now, this assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 25.5%, which is considerably higher than the 22.6% reported last year. As a remainder, last year's tax rate was lower, mostly due to the catch-up of benefits related to the U.S. R&D tax credit. Of course, the Q3 tax rate could end up being different. Over the full year FY17, I am raising the outlook for FY17 SaaS and PaaS revenue growth from 67% to 80% with NetSuite now added and continued strengthening in our SaaS and PaaS business. I continue to expect SaaS and PaaS gross margins will exit Q4 higher than the 61% reported today as our cloud business continues to grow dramatically. Lastly, I expect our total CapEx spend for the year will be in the range of about $2 billion with over half of it being due to non-cloud real estate investments that we made this year that we'll not be repeating next year. With that I'll turn it over to Larry -- to Mark for his comments.
Mark Hurd: Thank you. As usual, I'm just going to you a lot [ph] of numbers here and try to give you some context on our quarter. Everything's year-on-year in CD, unless I say otherwise. Cloud bookings for the quarter $377 million in USD. And Q2 was the best non-Q4 we have ever had. I'll make a prediction that Q3 has a chance to be our best ever quarter period. SaaS bookings were 270 in USD and positive to structure booking were 160 in USD. Just let me give you some numbers by pillar as it relates to our SaaS, PaaS revenue. We were up 89%, more than 30% higher than Amazon, Salesforce or Workday. ERP had a 104% growth quarter-on-quarter, eighth consecutive quarter with sequential growth greater than 50%. HCM grew 131% again this quarter, that's four time the growth rate of Workday. CX, Customer Experience grew 15% organically, service was up 24%. Data as a Service up 71%. Database as a Service up 700% and already had a $100 million in quarterly revenue. PaaS was up 600% and overall SaaS, PaaS grew 89%. Saas, PaaS billings grew 39% in USD, Saas, PaaS deferred revenue 51% USD. Now, just some customer metrics. IDC recently released their SaaS market share estimate. And Oracle is now the number one market share leader in Enterprise SaaS. In the quarter, we got almost 1,100 new SaaS customers and 1,082 to be exact, and have 810 expansions. In CX, we had 443 new customers, 517 expansions. In HCM, we had 224 new customers and 212 expansions. In ERP, we had 532 new customers and that does not include NetSuite; we had 91 expansions. Over half of the new ERP customers never had an Oracle app before they bought. Our active base now is 3,269 with 1,275 live, over 10X greater than Workday. In total, we now have almost 13,000 customers in our SaaS active base and 25,000 if you actually include NetSuite. Fusion Cloud is now nearly two thirds of our new customer wins. This is a big deal for us because with 10 years actually writing this code and is now the bulk of our SaaS business. 348 go-lives, best quarter ever, 2,116 customers are now live on Fusion. We got 2,225 new platform customers in the quarter and our install base now sits at 12,168. We got 2,148 infrastructure customers; they are buying standalone infrastructure services. And together our install base of PaaS and infrastructure now sits at 21,219 customers. Now, as a point of clarification, PaaS and infrastructure customers are accounted for each service that they use. Now, let me just give you the names of a few customers in the quarter. I'm going to go through just couple pillars. First in ERP, I'm giving you a list of ERP customers who purchased in the quarter: Canon, Deutsche Telekom, DICK'S Sporting Goods, FedEx, Ferguson, Hasbro, Hill-Rom, Koch Industries, Noble Energy, Ricoh, Skanska, Texas Instruments. I’m going to give you a list of HCM customers in the quarter. Berkshire Hathaway, Cummins, Dubai Airport, Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Netgear, ON Semiconductor, Siemens, Skanska, Sonic Automotive, Tesco, Hertz Corporation. It was a solid quarter for us. And lastly, let me sort of describe where I think we are. We not only have strong revenue and billings as well, but our Q2 billings were solid at 39%; Q3 has a chance to be our best quarter ever. Q2 revenue was fantastic at 89% and we clearly crossed the revenue gap. We are clearly the fastest growing cloud company with scale. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Historically, I’d measured Oracle performance by comparing our technology and our market share to our two primary competitors, SAP and application, and IBM and infrastructure and database. That changes as we move to the cloud. In the cloud, we measure Oracle against salesforce.com and application, and Amazon Web Services and infrastructure and database. Our cloud applications’ goal is to be the world largest and most profitable SaaS Company. We are growing our cloud business much faster than salesforce.com and we can beat them to the $10 billion mark, but it’s going to be close. IDC already recognizes Oracle as the number one in annual SaaS sales to large enterprise; salesforce.com is number two. We will book more than $2 billion in annual cloud sales this year, much more than salesforce.com. We are catching after them and we’re catching them very quickly. Our goal in infrastructure and database is to be number one running database workloads in the cloud on our infrastructure as a service. The Oracle database has a huge technical and market share lead over the Amazon Web Services databases Azure and Redshift. But much more importantly, the Oracle cloud infrastructure as a service runs the oracle database workloads much faster, more reliantly and at a significantly lower cost than the Oracle database running at Amazon IaaS. We are making a multiyear generational shift to the cloud and we’re well on our way to being number one in both cloud application and cloud database, and we are doing it with very little or no compromise to our earnings or our cash flow. With that, I’ll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci: Thank you. My question is to Mark. Mark, our field check this quarter led us to believe that cloud traction accelerated beyond what you had been doing which was pretty good, very good. And we thought this might have a negative effect on license, which sort of comes through in the increased decline in license. But with ARR growth of 30%, that doesn’t seem to be indicative of increasing cloud traction. Can you help us resolve this? I mean, what we’re hearing in the field and the numbers, what the numbers seem to indicate, is it simple as 30% ARR growth may not be the 42% last year, but it’s still pretty good off such a large number or there something else going on?
Mark Hurd: All right. Let me go into figures and the math to start with. Our pipeline is really big, our wins are pretty big or quite big as well. As I mentioned in my script and I may have gone over it too fast, we had a good quarter in ARR. So, these are the days when 30% growth -- gee, I wish it was higher, I like 30% growth. That said, we can do a lot better and what I said about Q3. So Q2, just to go back to that number is the best non-Q4 we have ever had in terms of bookings. I think there is a chance, and I’ll repeat it again, Q3 is the best quarter we’ve ever had -- we could ever have period. That’s how good I feel about our pipeline, how good I feel about our position, deals that -- I don’t usually talk about deals we’ve won in early Q3, but that’s how strong our position is going into quarter. And my guess, John, is that’s why you hear what you hear from your field check, the deals we won. We may not have contracted it, put on a piece of paper, but we feel really strong about our position. Larry talked about the $2 billion for the full year. So that would be my response, John.
John DiFucci: And if I could, just to be clear, when you’re talking right now, you’re talking like there is a lot of terms, like ARR billings, bookings. And I’m going to stick with your ARR number, because that’s what you guys used when you first started talking about this. When you’re talking about this could be the best quarter ever, you’re talking about when you’ve traditionally called the ARR, which is new annual recurring revenue?
Mark Hurd: Yes, John, and you’re right. We are passing a lot of different numbers to you. I think we’re trying to be very transparent with all the deferred numbers and the billings and so forth. But the comment I may directly related to new and expansion ARR focus. And that is in the end a very good surrogate for how we will perform. So, I think the big number though back to it is the full year that we described. And so you may see some things in the quarter that go up or down, but the full year $2 billion number is where we sit.
John DiFucci: Great. That is very clear, very helpful. Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Thank you, John.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Mark Moerdler with Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. Can you provide us more details and insight into NetSuite, its impact on Q2 revenue, margins et cetera and its impact on quarter? I really appreciate. Thanks.
Safra Catz: Well, we got NetSuite in Q2 about, as I said -- I thought I said it; I didn’t mention, around November 7. So, we didn’t even have a full month. So it’s around 50 million. It’s basically a wash on all the other lines, as you know since we just got it. It’s revenue track is very similar to what it’s been doing, however if you know Net Suite doesn’t grow as fast as our cloud business grows, nor is it as profitable. So overtime we’re going to bring it to where we’re doing and we also hope to accelerate it actually, because our productline is so much broader including the EPM and things like that. So this quarter I could refer to it as a wash, and as we own it overtime, we expect to be able to leverage it and -- but it doesn’t grow obviously as fast as our ERP business does. 
Kash Rangan: Thanks, and if you could give us over time a little more color on that that would be great, I really appreciate it. Thank you.
Safra Catz: Okay, I will.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss : You mentioned during the conference call that database and Databases as service together grew again, I think this is second quarter you’ve made that comment. What one of the questions that I get a lot from client and I wanted to ask of you is, are we seeing the positive impacts of the 12C cycle? Is that already showing up in terms of options driving that number higher on the license side in, is Database as service offering -- the new 12C offering driving people to that cloud offering as well or is it still really early days in terms of that cycle and this is just core database growth if you will?
Mark Hurd: It’s really early days, and actually 12.2 is only available right now in our cloud in Database as a service, so it really isn’t available on premises yet. So our policy is cloud first and including the release of our latest technologies. So again we’re very, very early on in terms of the 12.2 cycle and it’s impacting our database license system.
Safra Catz: So really all of you are seeing just the strength of our database business. A very, very strong business generally because it is by far the best and we’ve been gaining market share now really for years and that just continues because it meets the needs of so many customers. 
Keith Weiss : Got it. And if I may, just one follow up. Albeit early days, you gave us an update awhile ago on the options, and talking about some of these options being [indiscernible] as well as adopted options that you've received. Has that trend continued or do you continue to see strong adoption of some of those new options on 12C?
Ken Bond: I think people, I guess people using these options in the cloud, I think they are very excited about using the both in the cloud and on-premises and I think it’s going to have a positive impact of it, a very significant impact on both our database as a service and our [on-term] license business.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan : One question for Safra and one for Mark that’s okay, question for you Safra, with respect to your cloud centers, one of the things we keep looking for is gross profit growth rate and you’ve been able to show that two quarters in a row [ph], I think for the first time we also saw op income growth rate. Are you still confident that on organic basis that you can continue to accelerate op income growth rate and if so, what will contribute to that and one quick one for Mark if I could, did you comment on what the accelerated buying experience program mean for the company’s growth rate future?
Safra Catz: Okay well obviously, I think what you’re starting to see, we’ve got a bunch of things going on, they’re all positive. We have revenue growth, we have operating income growth and I think you’re going to see that actually accelerate. So as SaaS, and PaaS really takeoff this is going to show up and as I mentioned -- and as I want to make sure I reiterate from Financial Analyst Day once again, we are expecting double earnings growth in FY'18. So this is -- you’ll hear me say that many times and we are starting to see the upturn.
Larry Ellison: Kash, you didn’t ask me a question, I was the only one [multiple speakers].
Mark Hurd: I'm going to try and just say, there is huge economy to scale in this business. So as we scale that’s it's still important that we become number one in SaaS. There is just tremendous advantages of being number one, there is huge economies of scale. It contributes enormous to our profitability in the business both in SaaS, and being number one in data base in the cloud. To your other questions, accelerated buying experience continues to progress. We launched it really less than the year ago, this is our third quarter really doing it. We’ve got about now 70% of our transactions, not necessarily our dollar volume going through. And our customers are just to be very frank, is very well received and is happier. It's just easier to do business and to get a contract with Oracle now than it’s ever been and it's great when customers are happier. Our next target is really to focus around our overall experience in the cloud after the purchase. So ABE or Accelerated Buying Experience is really focused on the actual purchase and the contract. Our focus now is really after that contract and between the contracts signing and the renewal. And to that end on December 1, I announced a group inside Oracle, called the Oracle cloud global service and support group. And it really pulls together all the various organizations around the company that had touched our cloud customers and brings them together into an organizational unit, focused slowly on pleasing and delighting our customers and giving them the absolute best customer experience they can possibly ask for. We want to become and define what the best cloud experience is in the industry for our customers. So think of that as the follow one to be accelerated buying experience that we’ve announced effective December 1.
Operator: And now our next question will come from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Market.
Ross MacMillan: I had one for Safra then maybe one related for Larry. When you think about CapEx this year guided to 2 billion, a bit less than half on cloud. So that billion run rate, is that the right level of CapEx that we should be thinking about even beyond this year or will it grow as the total cloud grows? And then related to that for Larry, is infrastructure as a service a necessity as opposed to platform as a service? If you are going to be able to migrate existing on-prem database workloads to the cloud? Thanks.
Safra Catz: So two things were happening as we grow in both IAS and PaaS, you do get, first an investment period and then you really have economies of scale which we should see. So it will not grow linearly at all. So it will grow as depending on how successful we are, but it's growing up front then it's going to slow down, get used and then grow as a smaller and smaller percentage. And that's what we are expecting as far as our capital expenditure this year we’re obviously very much front loaded, both some of our cloud investment and also our real estate investments, which will not be sort of the big chunk it is right -- as it was this year.
Larry Ellison: And the question about infrastructure as a service, is it effectual, the answer is yes, if you want to move existing database workloads to the cloud and minimize the changes customers have to make as they migrate, in other words, make it a graceful easy lift and shift. We can configure our cloud network from that spare network, we can configure other servers to match their capacity -- the capacity of their servers, configure storage, deliver exit data and service, do all of that with virtually no disruption to what they're doing. As they press the button, move their database, move their workloads and it just runs pretty much like the way it ran. They don't have to re-task the application. They can just move it and it will just launch. Then we absolutely need an infrastructure as a service in combination with our platform as a service, we need both of them to do that gracefully. So it is an essential, we've been in this infrastructure as a business technology development phase for a long time. We're rolling it out to our customers again early in days, but it's being very-very well received, of course the litmus test is, can we do it better than Amazon could, could our infrastructure -- big question, can Oracles' infrastructure as a service differentiate itself from Amazon. Can we do it more gracefully, more reliably, less expensively, more securely than Amazon can, and we think we can, and that's going to make us very-very competitive.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sarah Hindland with Macquarie.
Sarah Hindland: Great, thank you so much for taking my question. Safra this one’s really for you, so one of the big things we get asked about and would love some help on is as more and more customers are pivoting to Oracle cloud, it still maintains its very high renewal rate on the maintenance stream and I'd love to know a little bit more about how we should be thinking about the maintenance, stuff that you can support longer time and the trajectory on that line? Even as new licenses are declining you're still selling licenses, so how should we be thinking about that longer time Safra? And then a real quick second one for Mark around the hardware business, and we didn't spend a whole lot of time on that today I would also love to hear how you're thinking about that business longer term as well. Thank you guys.
Safra Catz: Okay, so you're right in that our renewal rates remain very high, however as you know we don't renew a 100% of our licensed updates and product support and as the new software license number gets smaller and smaller, it is true that at one point software support will flatten out and actually go down. That's a ways out so far and we actually don't have any indication of that because we continue to sell quite a lot of new software licenses. However ultimately we would be -- it would be -- I know it’s hard to imagine a good outcome, but it will mean that we're getting extremely not large number in our SaaS, PaaS number, one that actually is dwarfing not only new software license, but new software license and any kind of decline in the software support network, such that the whole software network which is SaaS, PaaS, new software license and support is all going up and actually accelerating.
Mark Hurd: Before, I going to hardware business, our renewal rates in software for the quarter, we usually just tell you they are about the same. To be very exact, they actually went up. So our cancelation rates were down in the quarter. So we have a very strong renewal rate in our software business. Now that said, we are actually, in many cases trying to convert our customers to cloud. So just to be clear, that means for us more money, that means for us more margin. So it is clearly our objective over time is to take the applications business to migrate our on-prem application customers to our cloud applications. I already mentioned our database customers on-prem to our infrastructure and platform. And we believe as you all very well, most of you at least very well know the math. That means for us a larger recurring revenue stream and as our margins continue decline, that means more earnings for us and we think a great experience for us customers, as well. Hardware really more of what we talked about, sort of the reason we haven’t talked about it much, we had a very good engineered systems quarter again. Engineering systems grew and in both bookings and revenue in the quarter that ecosystem continues to be very successful, very profitable for us. There is a great job for us, we had declines and what we think of as our traditional server business and those declines offset the growth in engineered systems. So it's really the tale of two product lines, engineered systems growing, the traditional server product lines, declining. Now this is a last quarter, this being Q2 that you will see the declines because of the acquired GBU products. So we brought the couple of micros, for example a couple of years ago, a year-and-a-half ago, it had a bunch of third party products that we actually stopped and that’s actually hurt the growth rate of the hardware line, that begins to -- and as we go Q3. So those are sort of the three factors the third party products in our micros business, growth in engineered systems and decline in the traditional servers.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits: This is a question that’s mostly for Safra and for Mark. New software licenses declined 19% constant currency. Does this mean that license declines could continue to steepen going forward and maybe I’ll answer the second part of my question at the same time, which is database as a business overall grew. So if you could talk to us about how database license did within license overall.
Safra Catz: So let me at least get started with that. No, I actually I’m not expecting next quarter for it to decline, even at the 19% range because the big decline has been in the application side as SaaS had really overtaken our app business. And as apps has gotten starting smaller, the base itself is not decline -- is small, that when it declines it has a smaller impact on our overall new software license. Now ultimately at one point, you’ll see the same happening in database, but the reality is, you’re not seeing it in database at this time, because our installed base of usage continues to increase at all level on-premise and in the cloud simultaneously.
Larry Ellison: Once again, there will have to be an interruption, but I'll use this as a great opportunity to answer it anyway. So let me be clear. So if you convert, if you move from the Oracle business suite on-premise and then you take up Fusion ERP in the cloud and we encourage you to do that, right, and we want you to do that. You cancel your support for the Oracle ERP on-premise, what we call the e-business suite and you’re start paying as a monthly fees for Fusion. So even support, not only does new license go down, but even support go down as you make the shift and we want you to do because we make a lot more money in that way.  However in database, if you bring database to infrastructure as a service, you need to own the database license, you never cancel your database license and support. That goes on forever. So as people migrate let’s say you take the Oracle database to Oracle infrastructure as a service, you still your support and if you need more, you but more -- license more database. Let’s say you take the Oracle database to Amazon. Well, you need your Oracle database and we need more of it, you got to buy of it and license more of it and you have to keep paying support. So they are very different businesses, their profile is vary very differently. So as Safra said, a lot of license decline is attributable to our applications business which is getting -- with the on-prem application business is getting smaller and smaller. The database business, license business looks as growing. So this are very -- these will reach -- both these businesses will react very differently in the cloud. It’s not an unlikely outcome that our database license system goes on forever and the associated support goes on forever even though customers are running that database now not on their own computers, but on our infrastructures as a service or Amazon’s infrastructures as a service, or Azure’s infrastructure as a service. So you have to model these two businesses entirely differently.
Michael Turits: Thanks Larry, didn’t mean to leave you out.
Larry Ellison: I know you get -- I know I’m getting old. And this is complicated stuff and I realize you don’t want to wear me out during the call. So I appreciate your consideration.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Thanks for taking my question. And it's great to see your CTO so busy on the call. My question is actually for Mark. Mark, can you talk a little bit about what you see in the different regions? You talked about the products, but just wanted to hear how you see the regional performance. If I look at the numbers, Asia was very strong, U.S. and Europe moderated a little bit. Can you just talk what you see in terms of end amount there? And then Safra, did I understand, did I hear you correctly that you talked about double-digit EPS growth in 2018? Just wanted to clarify that.
Mark Hurd: Okay, by the way just to be clear to the CTO’s earlier point, as it relates to apps and applications business, we actually don’t compensate our sales people for applications on-premise, so just to be clear to connect these dots in terms of how we actually operationalized the company. Our sales people in the applications ecosystems sell FAS. So if they sell -- we have small swat teams in our, what we would call Oracle direct organization, that help our existing users by incremental seats if they need to, to their existing on-premise applications. So I only say that to you because, all of this is planful on our part, our objective is to move to SaaS to get as clear about our direction in SaaS and its resulted in this leadership position enterprise SaaS that we discussed that earlier. So this is all very planful on our part. So your question about the regions. All of our regions, the region that had the toughest turn in the quarter was Latin America, and Latin America has been historically and still is one of our best regions in terms of our performance of our team, et cetera, but they are going through all of the things that you all know about, in Brazil, some of the issues that have cropped up now in Mexico. But now at the same time as Latin America has had a little bit of tough cards, they are gaining significant market share in that market. So I -- while the numbers of Latin America are perhaps not as good as we all would love, or have been in the past, their relative performance compared to their peers is fantastic. So I am actually very proud of them in spite affected the absolute dollar value to state. Save that, our Europe and North America region performed roughly as I would have expected, I continue to believe our European organization has done a tremendous job over the past several years, they in addition have done tremendous rule over to the cloud. Their absolute bookings on an overall basis just taking license and cloud combined grew, so very significant. I’m pleased with North America as well, they were roughly as we expected. On the flip side, I would say Asia has been superb. I think Asia has done a nice turn around. It wasn’t a couple years ago, we have been in call and get questioned about some of the performance in Asia, we weren’t very happy with that, we made some changes and the performance in Asia on virtually every metric we see, talking about hardware, SaaS PaaS, infrastructure and license, has been very favorable. So I'm very pleased with the results in Asia.
Safra Catz: Yes sir, I wanted to just make sure, you did hear me right we are expecting to have double digit earnings growth next year.
Raimo Lenschow: I am looking forward to that.
Safra Catz: Okay.
Ken Bond: Okay. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours, dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the investor relations department for any follow-up questions from this call. And we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. And with that I’ll turn the call back to the operator for closing. Happy Holidays.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Oracle's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. We do appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-09-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - SVP, Investor Relations Safra Catz - Chief Executive Officer Mark Hurd - Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison - Chairman and Chief Technology Officer
Analysts: Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Research John DiFucci - Jefferies & Company Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Joel Fishbein - BTIG
Operator: Welcome to Oracle’s First Quarter Fiscal Year Earnings Conference Call. It’s now my pleasure to turn today’s conference over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s first quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations Web site. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. Finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we’ll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good morning – good afternoon, everyone. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q1, I’ll then review guidance for Q2, and turn the call over to Mark and Larry for their comments. Clearly, we are pleased with our results, with the most obvious thing being that we overachieved again in the cloud especially in the United States. As you all know, we have pivoted the organization to go after the cloud and we are outperforming even our most aggressive expectations. This has resulted in our growth rate continuing to accelerate as we scale in the cloud, something our competitors are not similarly experiencing. We continue to use constant dollar growth rates on our quarterly calls, so we can have some measure of consistency across the quarters, as well as to reflect how we measure the business. This quarter, the effects of currency movements were more than expected mostly because of the surprise Brexit vote happened after our earnings call, resulting in a 1% to 3% headwind in most revenue categories, including 1% to total revenue and EPS, which was a $0.01 lower as a result. Cloud, SaaS, and PaaS revenues for the quarter was $816 million, up 82% from last year and above the 80% high-end of my guidance. While this excellent growth rate was helped a little by recent acquisitions, organic growth accelerated from both Q4 and Q1 of last year. Actually organic SaaS and PaaS growth rates has accelerated for seven straight quarters. You can also see the continuing revenue acceleration of our cloud business in the SaaS and PaaS billings and deferred revenue. The gross deferred revenue balance is now nearly $1.5 billion, up 49% in U.S. dollars. SaaS and PaaS billings grew 49% in U.S. dollars this quarter, up from 38% last quarter. We put the billings numbers up on our web site for you to see the detail. Our SaaS and PaaS business has now grown to the point where the dollar growth in SaaS and PaaS revenue exceeded the dollar decline in new software license. Together, SaaS and PaaS subscriptions and new software license grew 16% in constant currency. As our Saas and PaaS business continues to scale and grow dramatically, the gross margin also continues to expand. The Q1 gross margin for SaaS and PaaS was 62%, up from 40% last Q1, and we expect to see further improvements in fiscal year 2017, and from there, we’ll be targeting 80% over time. Combined with cloud infrastructure as a service revenue of $171 million, which was up 10%. Our total cloud revenue in the quarter was nearly $1 billion, up 63% in constant currency from last year. Total on-premise software revenues were $5.8 billion with software updates and product support revenues at $4.8 billion, up 3% from last year. Attach and renewal rates remain at their usual high levels, as our growing installed base of customers continue to power earnings and cash flow. New software license revenues were slightly over $1 billion, down 10%, reflecting the continued migration to cloud. Total hardware, including hardware support was down 11%, with hardware systems product revenues of $462 million and hardware support revenues of $535 million. Our engineered systems grew mid double-digit lead by Exadata that grew over 30% in the quarter. For the company, total revenues for the quarter was $8.6 billion, up 3% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $3.4 billion and operating margin was 39%. I need to remind you that the large debt offering we did last quarter cost about $0.005 in EPS in the quarter. The additional interest was not in my guidance as the debt offering took place after the guidance call. For Q2, I expect the added interest will lower EPS by more than $0.01 without the matching benefit of next week’s contribution to earnings, which will be accretive until the deal closes. G&A expenses were also higher than usual in Q1 because of some legal fees, which will be lower in the second quarter and largely gone by Q3 as a result of the settlement of one case and the end of two trials. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was higher than projected due to the geographic mix of earnings, which is driven by our overachievement in cloud revenues in the U.S., resulting in a tax rate of 25.5 and EPS being a $0.01 lower at $0.55 in U.S. dollars, but still up 5% in constant currency. The GAAP tax rate was 22.8% and GAAP EPS was $0.43 in [USD] [ph], up 11% in constant currency. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was $13.7 billion. Capital expenditures for the quarter was $299 million. Free cash flow over the last four quarters was $12.6 billion, up 5% from last year. We now have approximately $68 billion in cash and marketable securities, net of debt our cash position is approximately $14.3 billion. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $9.5 billion, up 5% in constant currency. As we said before, we’re committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividend. In terms of acquisitions, we continue to focus on finding the right companies at the right valuation that make both strategic and financial sense. This quarter, we repurchased 49 million shares for a total of $2 billion. Okay, and the Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share. For those of you curious about NetSuite, I can report that we have now cleared antitrust reviews everywhere, except the United States, where our waiting period expires at the end of September. Now, to the guidance. I’m going to give you guidance for Q2 and then some updated comments for the fiscal year. All of my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. And while we feel good about our own performance and transformation, I’m always keeping an eye on the macro environment, [especially abroad] [ph]. If current exchange rates remain the same as they are now, we expect to see SaaS and PaaS revenue is expected to grow again, 78% to 82%, a little bit more than I guided last time. Software and cloud revenue, including SaaS/PaaS and IaaS, new software license and software support is expected to grow 3% to 5%. Total revenue growth is expected to range from 0% to 3%. EPS is expected to be between $0.59 and $0.62 in constant currency, were it not for the higher tax rate and interest expense, we would expect EPS to grow approximately 4%, or be $0.06 higher. Over the full-year of fiscal year 2017, I’m raising the outlook for fiscal year 2017 SaaS and PaaS revenue growth from 65% to 67%. I continue to expect the SaaS and PaaS gross margins will exit Q4 higher than the 62% reported today, as our cloud business continues to grow dramatically. With that, I’ll turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Safra. First, we just had a great quarter. And I want to thank everybody at Oracle for their hard work, all of our employees. I’m going to give you a lot of numbers. Let me start with booking and revenue growth rates. I’m going to give them to you year-on-year in CD, unless I state otherwise. Cloud bookings ARR was $271 million in USD, a 42% growth. As a reminder, ARR growth last year was 166%. SaaS bookings were $165 million USD and PaaS/IaaS bookings were $106 million USD. As Safra said, Saas/PaaS revenue was up 82%, I just want to repeat the seventh consecutive quarter of organic growth acceleration. Our ERP EPM revenue grew 70% quarter-on-quarter. The seventh consecutive quarter with sequential growth that was greater than 50%. In Fusion HCM, we grew 131%, nearly 4 times the growth rate of Workday. In CX separately, up double digits in sales, marketing, and service. Data as a service was up 75%. Platform as a service up 22% quarter-on-quarter. Overall, we grew 82%, the highest global growth rate at any scale cloud company. SaaS/PaaS billings grew 49% in the quarter, up from 38% last quarter. Deferred SaaS/PaaS revenue was up 49%. SaaS customer metrics. We closed 776 new SaaS customers in the quarter. We have 677 expansions. 125 customers, who bought SaaS also bought PaaS. 346 new CX customers, 488 expansions. A 173 new HCM customers drove that great result, inclusive of 69 expansions. 344 ERP EPM customers and 135 expansions. Our active base is now 2,800 customers with a 1,000 live 10x Workday. Over 50% of our ERP EPM customers were net new to Oracle, that never purchased an Oracle app before. Two-thirds of our new customer wins were Fusion. 334 go lives in Fusion, our best quarter ever. 2,032 PaaS customers that were new in the quarter. Our installed base is now 11,000 PaaS customers. 1,671 new infrastructure as a service customers that are supplemental to our PaaS customers. Together our installed base of PaaS and infrastructure is now at 18,892 customers. As a point of clarification, PaaS and infrastructure customers accounted for each service that they use. In closing, this was just a very solid quarter for us, not only in revenue, but bookings and billings. Look forward to few predictions. Q1 bookings were solid at 42%. I believe, Q2 will be better, could even be much better. Q1 revenue was fantastic at 82%. It’s one of the reasons, as Safra described, we’re raising our guidance from 65% to 67%. And I just want to close by saying, we are the fastest growing scale cloud company in the world. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Ellison: Thanks, Mark. We’re very excited about the rollout of our generation 2 infrastructure as a service data centers. These new data centers give us the significant cost and performance advantage over Amazon Web Services. Plus, our new bare metal offering makes it possible for our customers to lift and shift their entire existing corporate infrastructure, data and applications without any changes whatsoever and move it to the Oracle Public Cloud. You just can’t do that with Amazon Web Services. Lift and shift the entire network, DM, database, data, applications, move all of that across to our data centers without changing anything. So real advantage. So for the first time, we have this big technology advantage in the infrastructure as a service. We expect this will enable Oracle to accelerate our infrastructure as a service business to the same high growth rates that we’re currently experiencing in both SaaS and PaaS. With that, we’re ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Now, we’ll begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Question for Mark. Mark, the bookings number looked impressive and you hinted at the better numbers in Q2. And – but you also in press release talked about the $2 billion that you want to achieve for this year, which actually needs a slightly better than 42% growth for the year. Can you talk a little bit about the drivers that drive that strong number and the [indiscernible] acceleration here? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Sure. Yes, I mean, obviously, to your point, we grew 42% in the quarter. I actually, as good as that was, we could have done better, that’s how strong our pipeline is right now. And as I told most of you that as we’ve gone through this cloud transition, we’ve got a pipeline, and we understand now with as more data has come clear to us, how that translates to performance, and our performance continues to get better. And I think it’s all of the things we’ve talked about, not only have we got more salespeople than we had before, they’re better trained. Our customers are more aware. We have more references. We have more go lives and all of that feeds together. In addition, we not only have more products, we’re going to release more products, yet, even this week at – or next week at OpenWorld. But more of our existing products are available in more geographies. So as for example, as we released ERP, ERP actually has not been available in every geographic market in the world as it now is. So you’ve got a culmination of all of these factors that lead into it, but we are going to have a very strong bookings year, as I described.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: This is Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley and thanks for taking the question. From our perspective, it looks like over the past two years, we’ve seen Oracle make a large push away from perpetual licenses towards attrition-based SaaS offerings on the application side of the business. And now, it appears that that push is shifting more on the database tech side of the business, steering more business towards platform as a service. So one, is that a correct assumption that focuses more on database tech going towards platform as a service? And two, how should investors think about the impacts of that shift in FY 2017, in particular?
Larry Ellison: Okay. This is Larry. The – we started our Fusion applications efforts a little over 10 years ago. So we started rewriting all of our applications for the cloud about a decade ago. And when those applications were ready, we moved aggressively to sell those applications. We believe that’s what customers wanted. They wanted cloud-based applications, not on-premise-based application. We have made a huge investment in rewriting all of our applications. And those were ready before – and we were ready to move into SaaS application. Before we were ready to move into infrastructure as a service or PaaS, we were just ready sooner. So we pushed back. The interest, again, the interesting thing here is, we are just beginning to move our database customers from on-premise into the cloud. Microsoft has already done a very good job of moving their office customers from on-prem into the cloud, and that’s the basis of the overwhelming basis of their cloud growth. The overwhelming basis of our cloud growth are new customers for applications. So we haven’t started shifting our base yet, which I think is very interesting. We got these applications ready. We’re gaining share right and left, let’s say. We mentioned Workday a lot, because there are primary competitor for HCM and ERP in the cloud. And as Mark pointed out, we have 10 times more customers than Workday has in ERP and we sold more, but those are - half of those are net new customers, okay? So that’s us gaining share in that business. We’re now beginning to move our installed base into the cloud. And this is a lot of expansion. It’s not like they’re going to stop running in premise. We believe this is sort of the next decade. This is a coexistent story. They are going to continue running some of their stuff on-premise and they’re going to move some of their stuff into the cloud and those two things have to coexist. And our unique offerings to our customers and database is the fact that we support the identical software on-premise and in the cloud. And you can move data and workload back and forth very, very gracefully, that’s our PaaS offering. And by the way, if you are a SaaS customer, your application is built on top of our database and our middleware. So you buy SaaS with PaaS. You often buy together, as Mark pointed out. Finally, so PaaS was ready second, we were ready, we were moving aggressively in the PaaS. Now what we’re looking for is the third leg of the stool, which is to push into infrastructure as a service, where we have an all new and very [indiscernible] competitor Amazon.com, but we think now with our new generation 2 data centers we have a big competitive advantage over Amazon.com. And people will be buying our PaaS and our infrastructure as a service together. So we sell PaaS twice. Sometimes we package PaaS with our application SaaS together. And this new business is selling PaaS with infrastructure as a service, where they’re building a lot of custom applications or moving existing applications into the cloud. What I think about it is, our SaaS business has got a new business or lot of new customers. We’re just beginning to shift our installed base from the on-premise into the cloud, which is enormous potential for us. And we think we make a lot more money by moving customers off-premise into the cloud, because we do a lot more things for the customer. We help the customers save money, but we also provide with our database storage and networking and compute and all of the associated support service. So we think, again, this is beginning of still more rapid growth for Oracle.
Mark Hurd: One thing, I would not want you to walk away with, as you said, shifting from SaaS to PaaS. We’re not shifting. We’re supplementing, I mean, this is in SaaS, we have more energy and more momentum than we’ve ever had. We’re are now taking our foot off of that accelerator. We are supplement – by the way, let me just be clear to Larry’s point, if we could push a button and move all of our on-prem Oracle database customers to PaaS, we would do it. It is economically beneficial to us. Secondly, we think it’s the way customers also want to buy now. But there is this transition that Larry talked about that we are going through. So but I don’t want to do think SaaS and PaaS have some inner relationships to the energy [indiscernible]. We have separate actually sales organizations to do both. Our energy is on both, we think both are tremendous opportunities about to be supplemented by our infrastructure offerings that Larry referenced.
Keith Weiss: Thank you, guys.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Sarah Hindlian with Macquarie.
Sarah Hindlian: Hi, great, thank you. It’s Hindlian. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the momentum in the cloud, Larry, Safra, and Mark. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about what is driving some of the success you’re seeing there? I know you mentioned conversions on the pipeline are strong and reference customers are now live, but are you seeing any success around the streamlining of cloud purchases through the new accelerated buying experience, or is this more sales compensation changes, and of course, product functionality improvements that’s driving the success in the cloud? Some more comments and color would be very greatly appreciated?
Safra Catz: Well, for sure, I think it really is very much all of the above. So let me just address the accelerated buying experience, because the most important part of it is that, we end up being able to service our customers much more quickly, much more efficiently. Our salespeople become so much more productive, they can spend more of their time, really the bulk of their time with the customers outwardly facing, making them successful instead of inwardly facing, dealing with our own back office. So this has really unleashed a massive amount of productivity. Obviously, having many references is critical for the success of software service, because customers all talk to each other and the happier customers lead to more happy customers, which is by the way one of the reasons we love Oracle OpenWorld, because tens of thousands of our customers come and they share their positive experiences and that just gets more and more customers excited and participating. And then, of course, the sales force has an enormous amount of success, which ends up leading to just more success, more productivity. The entire thing, this is very, very virtuous cycle, all of which starts with having the best product. That’s really the bottom line, ultimately. As Larry mentioned, we spent a decade, frankly, it’s a little over a decade in building these products. We had leading products to begin with, but we started and rewrote them all, focused exclusively – really focused on the cloud and that’s what ultimately shows through.
Sarah Hindlian: Thank you, Safra.
Safra Catz: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci: Thank you. I’m going to ask another question about the cloud. I mean, when we look at your traction here, and it’s been much better than we would have thought, especially in this quarter, which usually is seasonally slow quarter. I mean, I don’t think we’ve seen a company of scale move to cloud with the kind of gusts that we’ve seen here. As Larry mentioned, the cloud move here was mostly new – I think you said customers, but I think you meant new workloads. I mean, when should we expect to see more customers actually transition current workloads from on-premise to the cloud? And how is this going to affect the aggregate bottom line in the near-term?
Larry Ellison: By the way, we met new customers, not the new Workload. [Multiple Speakers]
Mark Hurd: He did a mistake. He met new customers. And then we did say and I’ll give you a flavor in the quarters and I didn’t do this for the interest of time. But just give an idea of new customers in the quarter and just SaaS ERP, I mean, we closed Adventist Health, [indiscernible] Rico, Sachs, Tesco, Texas Instruments, UCLA Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center…
John DiFucci: So were these customers never customers of Oracle before?
Mark Hurd: They are current app. I mean, [Multiple Speakers] application out there.
John DiFucci: Okay.
Mark Hurd: We just make a distinction between moving an existing application customer from, let’s say, an Oracle e-business big customers Oracle Fusion ERP and the cloud.
John DiFucci: Got it.
Mark Hurd: We’re just taking an SAP customer and moving them from SAP to Oracle Fusion application. And I think coming back to the point Larry was making earlier. Most of what you see in our cloud revenue number is customers that more than 50% were customers, who were not an Oracle application customer, before they became an Oracle SaaS customer. So these are really new customers. And then to your point, that are bringing new workloads that we had not before. The exciting part, which again, I’ll go back to what Larry said was, the core of our on-prem user base, particularly in the database arena has not moved. And that is a huge opportunity for us, that’s only people that can move them to the cloud efficiently and effectively or us.
John DiFucci: Right.
Mark Hurd: So that’s why this is such an excess. We get – maybe we don’t to as good job as when we did as we feel it here, because what we’ve seen so far is what you would think of, John, is normally the hardest stuff going out and finding net new customers.
Larry Ellison: So, John, I’ll just distinguish again what I said before. Microsoft is holding on to their office customers by moving up them on-prem into the cloud. We are not holding on, just holding on to our on-prem customers, moving our application customers to the cloud. We are doing that too. We are holding on to our apps customers by moving them to the cloud. But more than that, we’re gaining more than half of them are net new customers. So that’s very different than what you see is going on in the Microsoft. And our big installed base, which is the database, we’re preeminent. We really haven’t begun – we’re just beginning in the early stages of holding on to them and moving them to the cloud. So it’s a bit of a different story between us and Microsoft. That exciting prospect of moving all those database customers to cloud, that’s in front of us. And that’s what makes and I, congratulate Microsoft on doing what they’ve done. It’s the right strategy for them. Ours has been, what we’ve said, we want to do that, but we want to do more. And we think we have the opportunity. Safra mentioned another very important metric, our renewal rates are where they’ve always been, which tells you the bulk of our base that’s on prem is still yet to move. And it tells you and support the story about how much from us is just plain net new opportunities, John, for us.
John DiFucci: Great, that’s very clear. I did ask the question on the effect of the bottom line too here, at least, in the near-term, because I – Safra was clear with the impact to some of those extra items to the guidance for EPS relative to what expectations were anyway. But is there going to -- I mean should – is this going to – we know it can be suppressive to margins, at least, initially, and we have seen that, but at the same time, it looks like, and this is first time.
Larry Ellison: I’m going to let – I’ll let Safra comment again, but I want to make sure it’s clear what we were saying. This is actually the fact that we’ve done a very good job in the U.S. growing our cloud business, that’s eventually had the strange effect of raising our tax rate, right?
John DiFucci: Got it.
Larry Ellison: This is the bad news you could get. So we’re in a situation, where I hate to say, we over executed, but that’s sort of how you feel, and yet to be clear, John, our bookings in Europe are very strong. And so this is going to normalize. This is just a point of us putting or moving those bookings into revenue.
Mark Hurd: So, as we have more balance between our international cloud sales and our U.S. cloud sales, the tax rate should drift back to where it normally is, when we have the same mix. It’s just now, we have a disproportionate amount of our cloud revenue in the United States. That’s the balance and expect the tax rate to go back. While the bookings balance, it’s just the current period revenue that we’ve got today. But this is overall a – might be a very good story. And let’s not lose the fact of the other numbers that Safra described very early. Our margins are now at 62% in our SaaS/PaaS margins, which we talked about way back when they were at 39%, as we were investing infrastructure to prepare for what we have now. And so, I think, the margin story, John, is also beginning to solidify, as we continue to grow and put revenue on top of the base.
John DiFucci: Great, that’s all. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you so much. This is a question for Safra. Safra, support grew – software support grew 3% year-over-year, but was flat sequentially. I’m wondering, if there’s any color you could provide here on the trends in that business? And also, if you can share with us how you think about the trade-off between support and cloud revenue, and how you think about the sustainability of that software support stream? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Sure. So, of course, you have to remember, we’re going from Q4 to Q1. So our Q1 new licenses are seasonally lowest one anyway, okay? Now, as you know, our focus is now on cloud. And so as new license becomes a smaller number, especially in Q1, it means that it does not – that the support base does not grow as much. There’s also little bit of currency, but you should ignore that. So that’s the first thing. Now, I know you’re probably worried that all of a sudden support is going to go negative, the base is going to go negative. We don’t foresee that happening, okay, because the base is continuing to grow, even though new license amount is not growing year-over-year as much or is actually shrinking as more of our customers pivot to the cloud. We still sell new licenses, which means the base does continue to grow, and it grew 3% year-over-year. So that’s, I think, I don’t know, you had a few parts to your question, but that’s really what’s going on here. We don’t – yes, that’s it.
Heather Bellini: Great. And if I could just on that point just with the support trends that you are seeing, is this still a year, where you’ve forecasted bottom and operating income? I’m sorry, fiscal 2016 being the bottom, my apologies.
Safra Catz: Yes. Yes, it is. Absolutely, absolutely. And I do want to say one more time, again, and also Mark mentioned it, our retention rates, our renewal rates in our support business remain very, very high. So, in fact, they’re a little bit higher this quarter than another quarter. It’s all within a band of very high, they remain that way.
Mark Hurd: And so they are high, Heather. But again, I want to reiterate as I said before now in this call. If a customer does move to the cloud, we actually get more money. So we actually do more things for the customer. We now do their hard work. We get all the database. We get all the middleware. We get a multiple on the support dollar. And as our – so our support dollar goes up, when it converts into a cloud revenue dollar. Back to the margin story we talked about five minutes ago, those margins in the cloud, as we see them approaching the levels that Safra described earlier, this is good news for us. So, yes, the renewal rates are what they are, we predict support to be the way they described. But this is not bad news, as we begin to move our base to the cloud. This is actually good news.
Heather Bellini: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. So Safra, just wanted your comment on gross profits. One of the things we look for in cloud transition stories is, when do gross profit start to grow? And clearly after a two-year slump, your investment is starting to pay off, the gross profits were up for the first time in two years, I believe. Can you talk about the disparity between gross profit growth, which obviously quite important and the operating income growth there? Is that bit of a lag effect here? And also if I could ask you, Mark or Larry, on the PaaS side, can you just give us a little bit more color, what kind of projects our customer picking Oracle for when they sign a PaaS deal, particularly, given that you’ve surprised us with the announcement of a number of new customers for the PaaS, that I would have thought that would be just typical Oracle database customers, but looks like something new could be happening, if you could shed some light, that’d be great. Thank you.
Safra Catz: Sure. So first, I mean, you really should take directions from what’s going on in our gross profit lines for the most strategic part of our business, which is moving to the cloud and software and software as a service. And that is going to be very much followed up. One of the things we do have that is costing us is that, our hardware business outside of our engineered system is getting smaller. And the expense line has not adjusted equally. As you can imagine us pretty well that’s something that’s very straightforward for us to finish out during the year. And that is our expectation. In addition, you also talked – or you may have mentioned currency and tax and things like that. So obviously, currency is something I can’t project. And I think after the Brexit vote, I’m pretty sure nobody else has projected it correctly either. So but the way it affect us, just so that you know is that the U.S. and Oracle is ahead of Europe in a move to the cloud and in and outside of the United States. However, as Mark mentioned, the bookings are very, very high. So bookings that were booked in the United States over the past year are turning into revenue already in the United States. Since the number is smaller in Europe, the bookings, the revenue numbers are smaller, the bookings are approaching those of the United States. And those are going to start flowing through revenues. That will, in fact, impact our tax rate and readjust it back to the lower rates that you maybe used to. So that’s going to take a little while and that should go through. In addition, as you know, we do have some significant borrowings, and as a result, we have a very large amount of cash on our balance sheet right now, which is not earning very high result. We are looking forward to closing the next week deal, which we believe to be accretive. And that will also be helpful.
Larry Ellison: The other part of your question – this is Larry is we sell PaaS too it. PaaS is sometimes attached to SaaS. Think of it like Salesforce.com. They have their Force.com platform, where it’s used to extend the Salesforce application. We have our platform that people use to extend our SaaS application. So SaaS, you buy a number of SaaS application or suite of SaaS applications and you buy certain amount of PaaS to extend and build data marks, data warehouses, other things add features and functions use PaaS for that. Also the bigger opportunity is when you buy PaaS and infrastructure as a service together, where you’re either writing brand-new, net new custom applications, or you’re lifting and shifting an existing custom application to our infrastructure as a service and then moving the database associated with that application to our PaaS. That’s actually the bigger opportunity. And you’re beginning to see that start to drive our PaaS business higher, and of course, it will accelerate the growth rate of our infrastructure as a service business as well.
Mark Hurd: I’d add just one last thing. Exadata as a Service has been a very strong PaaS offering. So we count Exadata as a service, meaning, you can now get Exadata in the cloud, as you can get it on on-premise. And our Exadata service – Exadata as a service offering has been a strong PaaS offering. So we actually don’t even add that into the engineered systems numbers that Safra described earlier, and that’s really the strength and popularity of Exadata. We also have pretty good size business now built in PaaS, which is a cloud integration services business inside our platform, as well. So everything Larry said, all the debt has stuff supplementing of our SaaS offerings, Exadata and the data integration services are at the core of our most popular PaaS offerings.
Ken Bond: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much. Mark, given that you guys have a view into both the on-premise and the cloud world. I was wondering, if you could give us some sense on where you think larger, say Fortune 1000 types are in terms of moving their ERP systems to the cloud as well, CRM and HM seem to be past the tipping point. There is some debate as to how fast some of the bigger companies are going to move ERP. And I was just kind of curious what you’re seeing in your pipeline, and is that necessary, does that have to happen for you guys to sort of hit your AR forecast for this year? Just trying to get a sense on where we are in that front?
Mark Hurd: The answer to your last question in no. And the answer to your first question is faster than I would have thought two or three years ago. And so some of the names I wrote – I read earlier are scale companies. When you see somebody like Tesco moving, when you seeing an HSBC moving. When you see some of these brands, and we have all types of brands in our list of ERP companies ranging from GE and others, as I described to sort of newer companies like Left and others that are sort of newer hot mid-market companies they might not even had a set of financials before. And it’s really all of the above. And I think the thing that we get excited about is the reason we talked about Workday, probably, as much as we do is, we see them, at least, for the SaaS offering, our core on-prem competitors historically hasn’t done anything. So when you tried and when you look at their base, their base begins to look for some of the benefits that our base now has the opportunity to take advantage of. We think there’s a possibility for a relatively sizeable market share shift over the years, as we move forward. So I – Kirk, I do think, you’re going to see how you’re kicking and you see it now of many scaled companies that are of the biggest companies in the world, and you see it a few of them showing up on our list of recorded wins.
Kirk Materne: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And our last question for the day will come from the line of Joel Fishbein with BTIG.
Joel Fishbein: Good afternoon. I just have a quick follow-up on a database. Clearly, had a – have very strong momentum in the cloud application business. Can you give us a little more color on where the database cycle will show up, and what’s the best way for us to measure it. That will be helpful? Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Again, next week at Oracle Open World, this Sunday, we are announcing the latest version of our database, and it’s going to be available in the cloud, on Exadata. We think – I think you’re going to see a very rapid update of the new version. And we expect those customers to consume some of it on-prem, but also a significant amount of thier new database consumption is going to be in the cloud. So I think 12 – Release 2 is going to move customers to the cloud more quickly than they otherwise might be.
Joel Fishbein: Great. Thank you.
Safra Catz: Okay.
Ken Bond: With that move to close the call please. But before we do that so, let me just finish up with the last couple of comments. Thank you for joining us today. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. The dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the investor relations department for any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thank you very much for joining us. With that, I’ll turn it back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Once again, we’d like to thank you for dialing in for today’s Oracle conference call. We appreciate your participation, and we ask that you please disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-06-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Safra Catz - Chief Executive Officer Lawrence Ellison - Executive Chairman and Chief Technology Officer Mark Hurd - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Mark Moerdler - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John DiFucci - Jefferies & Company Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital Bradley Reback - Stifel Nicolaus Kirk Materne - Evercore
Operator: Welcome to Oracle’s Quarter Four 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I’d now like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Oracle’s Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. Finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we’ll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q4 and fiscal year 2016. I’ll then review guidance for Q1 and provide some color on FY 2017, and then I’ll turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. Clearly, we’re thrilled with our results with the most obvious thing being that we dramatically over achieved again in the cloud. For most companies as their business grows, the growth rates go down. In our case, as the business grows, the growth rates are continuing to increase. In our SaaS/PaaS business, we reported 20% growth in fiscal year 2014, 34% in fiscal year 2015, and now 52% in fiscal year 2016, and not to get ahead of myself, but we expect to see even higher SaaS/PaaS growth this year. We’ll continue to use constant dollar growth rates on our quarterly call, so we can have some measure of consistency across quarters, as well as to reflect how we measure the business. This past quarter, the effects of currency movements were slightly less than expected with a 1% to 2% headwind in most revenue categories, including 1% to total revenue and a $0.01 headwind to earnings per share. Cloud, SaaS, and PaaS revenue for the quarter was $691 million, up 67% from last year and well above the 61% high-end of my guidance, and up 17% sequentially. Now, as regard to our cloud revenue accounting, we have reviewed it carefully and are completely confident that it is a 100% accurate and if anything slightly conservative. You can also see the continuing revenue acceleration of our cloud business in the SaaS and PaaS billings and deferred revenue. The gross deferred revenue balance is now nearly $1.4 billion, up 64% in U.S. dollars. SaaS and PaaS billings grew 38% in U.S. dollars this quarter. We’ve put the billings numbers up on our website for you to see the detail. And though there will be seasonality to some of these numbers, we’re now growing faster than both Salesforce and Workday in every way; revenue growth, deferred revenue growth, and billings growth. As our Saas PaaS business continues to scale and grow dramatically, the gross margin continues to expand. The Q4 gross margin for SaaS and PaaS was 57%, up from 40% last Q4 and we expect to see further improvements in fiscal year 2017, and from there, we’ll be targeting 80% over time. Combined with cloud infrastructures as a service revenue of $169 million, which was up 8%. Our total cloud revenue in the quarter was $860 million, up 50% from last year. Total on-premise software revenues were $7.6 billion with software updates and product support revenues at $4.8 billion, up 4% from last year. Attach and renewal rates remain at their usual high levels as our growing installed base of customers continue to power earnings and cash flow. New software license revenues were $2.8 billion, down 10%, reflecting the accelerated migration to cloud. Total hardware, including hardware support was down 7%, with hardware systems product revenue of $725 million and hardware support revenue of $558 million. For the company, total revenue for the quarter was $10.6 billion, up slightly in constant currency from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.8 billion and the operating margin was 45%. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was at 24.4% and EPS was $0.81 in U.S. dollars. The GAAP tax rate was 24.6% and GAAP EPS was $0.66 in USD. Had currencies not moved by the way, non-GAAP EPS numbers would have been $0.01 higher and GAAP EPS numbers would have been $0.02 higher. Now covering the full fiscal year, total software and cloud revenues totaled $29 billion, growing 3% in constant currency. Cloud, SaaS and PaaS were $2.2 billion, growing 62%. Cloud infrastructure as a service was $646 million, growing 11%. On-Premise Software grew slightly in constant currency to $26.1 billion, as continued growth in software support offset could-related declines in new software license. So our SaaS and PaaS business has now grown to the point that we expect the dollar growth in SaaS/PaaS revenue will exceed the dollar declines in new software license in fiscal year 2017 and beyond. But more importantly, when you look at our software business, we have an On-Premise business basically growing a bit or flattish and the cloud business layering on top of that growing very fast and growing as a percentage of the software business, and then you can understand why we start growing significantly this year. For the year, total revenues grew 2% to $37.1 billion, and operating income was 15.8 billion and assuming no more wild currency swings this fiscal year, I expect that we will see operating income growth this next year. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the full-year was 43% and non-GAAP EPS was $2.61. Had currencies not moved, non-GAAP EPS would have been $0.17 higher. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was $13.6 billion, with capital expenditures for the quarter at $180 million. Free cash flow over the last four quarters was $12.4 billion. We now have approximately $66 billion in cash and marketable securities, net of debt our cash position is approximately $12.3 billion, a short-term deferred revenue balance is $7.7 billion, up 7% in constant currency. As we said before, we’re committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. In terms of acquisitions, we continue to focus on finding the right companies at the right s that make both strategic and financial sense. This quarter, we repurchased 49 million shares for a total of $2 billion. Over the last 12 months, we repurchased 272 million shares for a total of $10.4 billion. We paid out dividends of $2.5 billion for a total that is 105% of our free cash flow. And the Board of Directors again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share. Now, before I turn to guidance, I would like to provide a brief update on the operational transformation that I highlighted last quarter as we are working to position Oracle as our customers’ strategic partner for the cloud. The first phase called the accelerated buying experience was rolled out in March. It was designed to make purchasing cloud services from us fast and simple and was built using our own configured price quote products, sales and service cloud. We believe that we are the first enterprise technology vendor to use click to accept functionality for enterprise customers and that enables our customers to complete their orders with a click of the button. The results for Q4 were fantastic as nearly two-thirds of our cloud deals were processed using the accelerated buying experience, and we saw the quote to book times reduced dramatically. These results are truly amazing, given the introduced the program in Q4 and salespeople had very little time to get use to it. Our customers could then start using our services faster. We feel very good about the progress of our cloud transition and clearly customers are embracing the move with us. We now have the most complete set of cloud services in the industry with thousands of our customers around the world are using these cloud services to help run their businesses. We’re far enough along that our financial statements will begin to show our success with accelerating revenue growth, operating margin expansion over time leading to very solid EPS growth. Our guidance will reflect this making it easier to see that we are a force to be reckoned within the cloud. Now, to my guidance. I’m going to give you my guidance for Q1 and then some preliminary comments for fiscal year 2017. All of my guidance is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. Now currency – the current exchange rates remain the same as they are now. We expect to see a currency headwind of about 1% on some parts of cloud revenues, but very little effect on total revenue and EPS. And while we feel fantastic about our own performance and transformations, I’m definitely keeping an eye on the macro environment, especially abroad and going to be a big conservative in my outlook. Even with that said for Q1, I’m raising my earlier guidance for SaaS and PaaS revenue, which we now expect to grow 75% to 80%. And this guidance reflects a bit of additional revenue from acquisitions and higher guidance for the organic business. Software and cloud revenues, including SaaS/PaaS and IaaS, new software license and software and support is expected to grow 5% to 7%. Total revenue growth is expected to range from 2% to 5%. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to be somewhere between $0.56 and $0.60, up from $0.53 last quarter – last Q1, depending on the mix of revenues and of course the tax rate. Over the full-year for FY 2017, I expect SaaS and PaaS revenue growth will be higher than the 65%, up from 62% in FY 2016. SaaS and PaaS gross margins should exit Q4 FY 2017 much higher than the 57% reported today, as we show steady and continued improvement through the year. And I mentioned earlier – as I mentioned earlier, but operating income is also expected to grow in constant currency. And with that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you very much, Safra. In the fiscal year just started FY 2017, Oracle has two specifics points of focus. First, we would like to accelerate our SaaS and PaaS growth and make sure we’re at least double, growing at least double the rate of our closest competitors. And we think we have a fighting chance to be the first SaaS company to make it to $10 billion in revenue. We’re the second largest SaaS company in the world now and we think we can be the largest SaaS company, including our – by the time we hit $10 billion, we’re going to be the first one there. Why do I think that’s possible? One is, we’re already growing at a very high rate much faster than our competitors, we’ve proven, we can do this. Can we keep it up as our business continues to scale. Safra pointed out something that’s shocking, that as we scale our business, our growth rates are going up. Why is that? The explanation is our SaaS portfolio. We compete in virtually every important SaaS area there is. We’re a major player in ERP and HCM. We’re almost the only player in supply chain and manufacturing. We’re the number one player in marketing. We’re very competitive. We’re number one – tied for number one in service. And we compete against Salesforce.com and sales automation. But in all of these areas, we compete on Salesforce.com, which is the largest SaaS company is really focused on sales automation and some of the other customer experience aspects. They just bought Demandware. They are making acquisitions. They are growing their business, but they are in the customer experience sales area. They don’t compete in the largest category, which is ERP, also not HCM, again supply chain and manufacturing again and we think that gives us a huge advantage that our footprint is wider. And some of these mid-market companies can simply get in all Oracle footprint run their entire enterprise in the cloud on Oracle. That is something that Salesforce can’t offer and we think that’s going to service very well and allow us to keep these very high growth rate, while we go for that to be first at $10 billion, okay that’s one thing. So we want to be one in number one. We think we need to be number one, we think we will be number one in SaaS and PaaS. Second major point of focus is that, our generation two of our infrastructure as a service data center have been built and stocked with computers, and now we’re beginning to bring our customers into these new data centers. Infrastructure as a service is the third leg of Oracle’s cloud strategy. Obviously SaaS, we talk about a lot, and PaaS, we talk a lot about, because those few businesses are growing very rapidly for Oracle. So what’s going on in infrastructure as a service? Well, we’ve had to move to – we’ve learned a lot about this business. There’s a huge amount of demand by the way for our infrastructure as a service from our existing SaaS customers and our new SaaS customers and even bigger amount of demand, for infrastructure as a service from our database customers. Our database customers want to move their application into our cloud putting their database on to our platform as a service and then their applications, so a lot of custom applications on to our infrastructure as a service, these two things go together. And we built, again, the second generation data center, which we think is highly competitive with anything out there lower cost, better performance, better security, better reliability than any of our competitors, and there’s huge demand for it, and we’re now starting to bring customers into that. We think that’s another very important driver to Oracle for overall growth. We’re growing fast in SaaS. We’re growing fast in PaaS. Now we need to grow fast in infrastructure as a service we’ve made the investments. We have the right technology with our second generation data centers, and we’re very excited about the potential for Oracle with the combination of PaaS and infrastructure as a service for our huge installed base of database customers and helping them move to the cloud. I’ll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Hurd: Okay. Thanks, Larry. Just a few more numbers and we’ll take your questions. Cloud bookings over $600 million in USD, 52% growth for us in CD. As a reminder, last year we grew more than 200%, so for this comparison is or this number is against that comparison. In SaaS, roughly $350 million in USD bookings, in PaaS, over $250 million. Just one point of clarification, our ARR bookings are only for new and expansion. So I’ve had some questions about do we include renewals in our bookings? We do not. Renewals are a separate bucket of bookings kept separate in our reporting. As it relates to renewals in the quarter, our renewals for the quarter were up 200 basis points year-over-year. SaaS/PaaS revenue we grew 67%. We grew 17% quarter-on-quarter. ERP/EPM was 58% growth quarter-over-quarter. In HCM, we had our strongest growth rate in three years. That says our business has gotten bigger. In CX, all sales, marketing and service revenue growth rates were up double-digits. In data as a service, we nearly doubled year-over-year. Platform as a service had another break-out quarter. We nearly doubled quarter-on-quarter. Within doubling quarter-on-quarter, our database as a service business more than doubled quarter-on-quarter. Our SaaS/PaaS billings grew 48% in FY 2016. Our SaaS/PaaS deferred revenue grew 64%. To Safra’s point and I want to say it again grew much faster than Salesforce.com and Workday. Now, I want to come to another set of numbers that are actually probably more exciting, our customer metrics. In the quarter, we closed 1,640 new SaaS customers. Nearly, two-thirds were Fusion wins. We had 917 customer expansions that is an all-time high for us. 273 customers, who bought SaaS also bought PaaS. I want to make sure you understand that connect point. We think that connection will actually grow higher as time goes on. Our SaaS installed base is now roughly 12,000 customers. In the quarter, we had – almost 700 CX customers in 600 expansions. In HCM, 318 new customers, 900 for the year, nearly 2.5 times that’s what Workday reported. In ERP, we had 808 new customers in the quarter. I just want to make sure, I didn’t misspeak, it’s 808 new customers in the quarter. We doubled the FY 2016 count in Q4. Almost 50% of those customers never had an Oracle path. Our installed base is now over 2,500 customers, nearly 2.5 times the installed base from last year. We have 1,577 customers now live on Fusion. We added nearly a 1,000 go-live this year. In PaaS, we added 2,005 new PaaS customers. Our installed base is now nearly 9,000 customers. In closing, this was a big year for us, not only in revenue, but bookings as well, where we sold more than $1.4 billion in ARR. I’m going to make just a couple predictions for the New Year. We had a big year in bookings in FY 2016. We will have a bigger year in FY 2017. Our pipeline is actually today up more than our bookings in our revenue reported growth rates. Revenue growth of 52% this year, our growth rate will be higher than 65% in FY 2017. And as Larry and Safra both mentioned, as our business gets bigger, we continue to grow faster. So with that, we’ll take whatever questions that you might have.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now begin the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much for taking my question and congrats on your cloud progress. I’d like to drill in specifically into Platform as a Service, two parts to my question. The first is, can you give us some more color on your success in PaaS? And second specifically, can you help us with understanding on how you’re expanding the TAM for your database middleware et cetera, and what are the drivers? Is it newer segments, high revenue attach from existing customers? Any help would be appreciated.
Mark Hurd: So, Mark, I’ll start and then I think Larry is going to chip in. No question about that total available market expense because obviously when we win – just like in SaaS, if we win in SaaS, we actually get all of the middleware, all of the database, all of the hardware, we get really all of the services, so we get this multiple support that when we get an application, the whole stack comes with us. The same thing in effect occurs when we get database as a service as well, with it comes all of the other services that come with it as well. In addition, we get to expand our TAM to a whole new set of customers that otherwise we would never have gotten too. We get now to a whole set of mid-market customers that frankly we just didn’t have an opportunity to sell-through before, because you had to have a datacenter, you had to have a computer, and you had to have a staff, and so now all of that TAM is expanded as well. So with a broader market set we get to and a whole set of market share that comes with it. The other thing is the network effect between SaaS, PaaS and Infrastructure as a Service. So if you have, let’s say, your ERP application and it’s an Oracle ERP application then you want to build a bunch of data warehousing applications on top of the data from your ERP system, in a sense it’s perfectly reasonable to have the ERP system at Oracle and I’ll put the data warehousing situation that Microsoft assure. But if you actually look at the pricing of cloud pricing that one part of cloud that’s expensive is moving data out of data center, that’s one thing they charge you a lot of money for it, and that’s the kind of industry pricing the way it works. So moving data between data centers back and forth, back and forth between our data centers can be quite expensive. So there’s an advantage for our built in products. If we have the ERP data and we have the ERP system, we have a built in advantage by offering our PaaS and our infrastructure as a service as a set of tools to allow you to build your data warehouses in your data marks using that ERP data. So I think that gives us a very significant advantage to us, the interaction between SaaS and PaaS and the interaction between PaaS and infrastructure as a service. I’ll go back to infrastructure as a service. Well, why should they – why shouldn’t it just move to Amazon. I mean, Amazon has been doing this for a while and they’ve got infrastructure as a service. Well, because we handled the Oracle database much better than Amazon does, we can run very large Oracle databases. We run [at full power that way] [ph]. We just do a better job. I mean, this is not the place for me to give you a technical proof, but we do a better job than they do on the Oracle, they run Oracle databases, but we do a much better job. We run it faster, more reliable and more securely. Well, if I’ve got the database in an Oracle – an Oracle data center in the Oracle cloud, it makes sense for me to put the application at a computer right next to that, that’s higher performance, much lower cost, because I’m not moving all those data in and out of an Amazon data center and in and out of an Oracle data center. Those things are going to be tend to be co-located. So we think we have some built in advantages being a strong player in SaaS and a strong player in PaaS and making it very – all of the customers who want to get their infrastructure as a service or their related infrastructure as a service from the same cloud supplier in the same data center.
Mark Moerdler: Okay, I really appreciate.
Lawrence Ellison: Okay.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Thank you very much. Safra, you mentioned growth in operating income in your prepared remarks. I was wondering if you can help us think about how that translates into growth in operating margins?
Safra Catz: We expect operating margins to go up also as this continues. Obviously, cloud margins are going to the roof that’s become obvious, and we expect operating margins to increase. So you’ve got revenue increasing and operating margins also increasing over time and operating income increasing also over time. So we’re very – this is actually a very, very important time for Oracle financially, because what you see is that, we’ve stopped having reductions in really in any of the numbers and we’ve turned up in every way, including EPS. And I know for a while I was telling you, this is a transition and all that. But we feel like we’re officially at the complete end of the beginning. Meaning, we’re now in the mode of increasing improving EPS up, operating income up, revenue up everything we’ve made the transition and we are moving up from here.
Mark Hurd: I’d like to comment something in terms of margins. Our generation two of our data center, okay, what was wrong with generation 1, no one asked. Generation one was more expensive than we liked it. One of the great things about our Gen 2 data center is, we think we now have the best bang for the buck, the best class performance data centers in the world with our Gen 2 data centers. We think we, again, we deliver more performance and cost of any cloud provider, we think that’s another huge advantage for us. And we’ll be scaling our business on this new very, very cost effective most modern of all the cloud networks that’s going to help our margins enormously.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Hey, Oracle team congratulations on the results as well. Mark, I guess, two sub-part questions for you try to keep it brief. One is, how would you explain the magnitude of outperformance on the SaaS and PaaS revenue growth relative to the midpoint of the guidance, wondering if the milestone criteria are turning out to be faster than you expected, or maybe that’s not the case? And secondly, as you look at your SaaS and PaaS revenues, there are a large number, and I’m curious and also get questions from Investors as to what exactly is the relative size or magnitude of growth rates of the categories vis-à-vis HCM, ERP and CRM, digital marketing, any color you can give us there that would be fantastic? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Sure. First, there’s no one reason why we beat the revenue. It’s a magnet, it’s all of the reasons. I mean, first starts with, we booked more than we planned sort of point one and we not only booked more, we booked more faster than we thought. So it would improve our linearity as we – our team has done a great job in cloud from a provisioning perspective. Provisioning meaning, we then sell more – we sell more faster and then we actually get the customer up and running and live and that has another effect done on revenue linearity. In addition, as I mentioned, our renewals were 200 basis points over prior year and not to say, it was better than we expected, but it was good, it was solid and that helped as well. Then we also had more usage on our platform. And so we’ve had this continued sort of not linear, but geometric increase in the usage of our PaaS platform. So those that are not on subscription, but on here just use more. And so when you sort of add up all of those things and no one thing was 80% of its cash, it was really all of those things together added up to the beat that you referenced. Your second question was the relative growth rates to various businesses. I’ll start with there’s sort of all good. It would be the way I would describe it, and the question becomes degree of good. I gave you a number specifically on ERP in terms of growth rate, and that number, I think, I gave it to your quarter-on-quarter in terms of growth rate. Do you know, what I’ll do? As we get towards financial analyst day, I’ll do more of a break-out pillar by pillar, but they’re just all – I mean, our performance in marketing, our performance in HCM. In the HCM, I can’t help myself here. On HCM, the performance of our team on HCM was just superb, and I mean that’s a global statement Kash. I mean, if we went back to the days of four or five year ago, it’s just amazing, totally what our product team has done, our ability to release new product, our ability to get it to market, the references we’ve gotten, I mean, we get almost 1,000 new HCM customers this year. 2.5 times the guide we were talking about three or four year ago. I mean it’s just – it’s still – it’s just – it was just a superb quarter for us by pillar. And I think to be honest with you, Kash, I think based on what I told you in my prepared remarks on the pipeline, I think it’s going to get better.
Kash Rangan: Great to hear that. Congrats again.
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Kash.
Ken Bond: Next question operator?
Operator: Your next question again will come from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies & Company.
John DiFucci: Thank you. I have a question about the database. You announced R2 of 12c back in Oracle open world, and I believe there was a webcast schedule that was postponed or you were supposed to do earlier this month on the database? I realize you can’t talk about the timing of general availability of R2, but can you talk about, I don’t know generally anecdotes about earlier adopters for R2? And then also your expectations of how this will be consumed by customers between license and cloud consumption, because that help with us regardless of how we think of it, how we’re going to model it? Thanks.
Mark Hurd: As you know, R2, a lot of people don’t migrate to the DOT1 releases of our DOT1 – DOT1 releases of our database. They wait for the DOT2 release. So that it is completely stable. We have two key features in version 12 of our database. One is in memory, the other is multi-tenancy, both of those are in high demand. I think it’s made in version 12 of our database, one of the most rapidly adopted versions in many, many years. The question is what will that adoption look like? I think, you’ll see early adoption in the cloud. I think, cloud is going to lead the adoption. So we now have hybrid customer. Typical customer might have said, okay, I’d like to experimenting with release 12 and I’m going to put it on these product development computers over here. Well, we’re encouraging our customers to look an alternative. Why don’t you just use the latest version in the cloud, and why don’t you do your experimentation and your testing and your application migration to – and your upgrades in the cloud. It’s going to save you some money, and allow you to get access even faster. And we think that what’s going to happen. We’re also offering a version of our cloud hardware, our hardware configurations that it’s while – because it’s for statutory reasons on a bank and for statutory reasons, I really have a hard time moving this application into cloud, no problem. We’ll take our existing cloud or cloud hardware, the exact same configuration, we will move it behind your firewall, and we’ll let you – and we’ll completely manage it for you behind your firewall. You’ll buy it just like it’s cloud, in other words, you won’t buy the hardware. There will no upfront cost for the hardware. There’s no upfront cost for the software. It will look exactly like the Oracle Cloud. It’s just the boxes will happen to be sitting on your data center floor behind your firewall. So we’re getting people more options to go to the cloud, making it easier for them to go to the cloud, because when our customers go to cloud, which is what we want them to do, and we want them to go earlier and we – and other opportunity to get them to move to the cloud as – with accelerated adoption of 12 DOT2 of our database. That’s how we would like them to consume it. If they go to the cloud, they save money and it’s easier for them and we make more money and it’s better for us. So that’s will be pushing our people. So, again, we’re incented and the customer is incented to get to the cloud as quickly as we can. How fast can we make that happen? We made it happen pretty fast in Q4, and we’re going to keep pushing this fiscal year.
John DiFucci: Thanks, Larry. That’s helpful, but just one clarification. When you talk about cloud hardware configurations On-Premise, are you alluding to Exadata, is that what you’re talking about, especially for the database?
Lawrence Ellison: Actually, it’s very great. I’m glad you asked the question, not just Exadata. So no, it would be our infrastructure as a service configuration and our Exadata configuration together, which is PaaS. So Exadata is really PaaS, it’s just database as a service is what Exadata is, one we install it as part of the cloud that we manage it for you. So we have a separate box, where you’re running compute and block storage and all of our other cloud services. We basically, it’s like we to open another – cloud datacenter. Imagine, we open another cloud data center at JPMorgan Chase. I’m not picking on my poor friend Jamie Dimon, but that’s my knowledge. We don’t have a deal to do that at JPMorgan Chase. But anyway, but let’s say they – I’m comfortable, they got certain statutes and regulators wanted to do this behind their firewall. They’re uncomfortable putting in the public cloud. We would actually create a little mini-version of our cloud datacenter on the JPMorgan Chase floor. We would manage it for. They would not buy the hardware. They would not buy the software. They would just buy a cloud subscription, just like it’s in our cloud. It’s just so happens, we would locate that hardware, which we would manage. We would locate that hardware on their floor behind their firewall for more security. But it was just, again, it would be hard – it will manage as part of the Oracle public cloud. The hardware identical. The software is identical to the Oracle public cloud. We’re just allowing our customers back option. We’re trying to make it easier for them and give them more options to get to the Oracle public cloud, even if you’re a highly regulated bank.
John DiFucci: Okay, great. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Philip Winslow, Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow: Hey, thanks, guys, and congrats on a great quarter, particularly on the cloud and the customer count number on the database with service side, it was quite impressive particularly. Question for Mark, there has been a lot of discussion out there, the rumors just in the market about your changes to the comp plan or the Salesforce focusing on cloud, not licensing and then others saying that you’re dropping the cloud your compensation structure. So, wondering if you could just comment on if there are any changes to comp program to structure the Salesforce or kind of what they’re focused on this fiscal year? That would be great.
Mark Hurd: Sure. There – really is no change to the “structure” when you throw that in. So we are actually quite happy with our structure in that context. Now we’ve actually cleaned up a few things. So I’ve made some changes three or four years ago to, which group called on what and there were some things that we’ve done that are – I would describe them as de minimis in terms of changes, but who calls on what size of account et cetera. So there’s a little bit of that, but frankly not much else. We have made an investment, so as I know you know in what we call Oracle Direct. This is selling really a lot of inside sales with a little bit of outside sales that supplement it and we continue to raise the bar for those things. It is a lower cost of sales. It’s a much modern – more modern way of selling and these are primary vehicle into what you would think of as SMB. And we continued to expand their use, expand the amount of headcount, invest in tools, we talked last – I think last quarter about investment we made in Austin, the CapEx we spent to build out that very modern center. So think of more of that Phil, more people, more support for that team and they’re actually calling higher in terms of the size of accounts so they call, it very effective for us, more people. But when you look at our spending, our spending actually doesn’t go up nearly as much as the amount of resource that we get as part of those investments. In terms of the comp plan itself, there is no decrease in cloud comp. That’s just pure nonsense of anything. We believe we pay to all salespeople that would like to make money. You sell cloud at Oracle, you will make more money than anywhere else in the industry and that’s our model and that’s what we’ve done. In terms of On-Prem comp in just application, these are applications that are not our GBU applications. So think of them as our horizontal applications. We now do not retire quota for a license sale. We retire quota just on cloud. They do receive some “comp” in the context as it relates to a license sale. But Phil, to understand today in horizontal as licenses, the vast majority of all of our licenses are in ERP. And the vast majority of those are add-on seats within ERP, into our existing base more users. And then within that, we put a special team in place that actually focuses on handling that within our user base. So I understand there’s some noise about it, but I would describe this as a non-event.
Philip Winslow: Great, thanks for your clarification.
Mark Hurd: By the way, I want to add – because I just can’t – I can’t help myself. But as of today, we have all of our sales people who have a territory, they have a comp plan, they have a boss and virtually all of our salespeople, since the end of the year, I want to make sure I say this, since the end of our fiscal year have today been trained on all of our newest offerings. So I have had this goal, Larry and I talked about this for years that we would get to the point that by the time we would start a year, instead of it taking forever. By the way, most companies take a quarter, four months, five months to get all this done. Our objective has been that sales people leave the fiscal year on May 31 that as soon as possible, they get out of the year, they have a quota, they have a comp plan, they have a boss, they have a territory and they’ve been trained on everything we’ve got. And I can tell you as we sit here today, that is almost entirely complete for the entire Oracle Corporation.
Philip Winslow: Thanks guys.
Mark Hurd: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thanks for taking my question. And I want to move up a little bit and talk about geographies on two aspects. First of all, Mark, can you talk a little bit about the success you have in cloud in the different regions. And then secondly more bigger picture is – obviously worries about end demand et cetera in the different regions and maybe you can comment on what you’re seeing out there in the field in general for the whole business? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: I’m sorry, I’ve missed one word. Did you say, end demand?
Raimo Lenschow: Yes.
Mark Hurd: Okay. By region, I think our performance in Asia Pacific was superb. Now that comes from where we’ve been over the past couple of years, but I don’t know that I would describe that as a market phenomena, I’m just going to make my comments in the context of Oracle. I think our team in Asia, which we’ve recruited over the past 18 months did a superb job all through the year. I think it culminated in a very strong quarter. We saw very strong growth really across every line. I mean, license performance was quite strong. Both SaaS and PaaS growth rates were superb, so very positive on Asia. I feel the same way in Europe. I mean, there’s mixed economy over in Europe. We don’t actually talk about it much around here, because I think our performance in Europe has been consistent over the years. I think our performance was emblematic of that through the fiscal year and was good and solid in Q4. So I feel very good about it. I think that’s the way I would describe things outside the U.S. LAD. We continue to deal with all the issues in Brazil. I would say within the context of overall LAD relative to the market, because our team performed fantastic. Our movement of the cloud in LAD is perhaps as fast as anything we have across our company. So – and then you get to the U.S. and I think in applications our move to the U.S. was the quickest, the fastest, and shows up in the majority of these wins that I talked about are in the U.S. I mean, there’s some very exciting movements. Our business in applications in the U.S. is a cloud business, it is not a license business, it is a cloud business. North America Tech has been strong in terms of its PaaS bookings – platform bookings. And I would say I’d also like to throw in our GBUs. I have to mention the strength of their performance in cloud. The growth rate in our GBUs was superb, led by both our retail business, our hospitality business, and our health sciences GBU. They had a great win at Pfizer in the quarter and they have really kicked their competitor metadata pretty strong over the course of the year, and I’d like to probably give them the credit for that, they’ve done a great, great job. So maybe more data than you wanted, but that’s my view going across the globe.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bradley Reback with Stifel.
Bradley Reback: Hey, thanks very much. Safra, could you maybe give us some sense of what the CapEx requirements for the business should be here in 2017? Thanks.
Safra Catz: So, overall CapEx should be a little bit more than it is this year very little bit more. And all of that would be actually from the real estate on our real estate side as we build out our campus in Texas. And also we have a little bit more real estate around the country on the cloud CapEx, which is the one I think you* guys have really been focusing on. As you know, in FY 2015, it was quite high. It dropped really dramatically like 30% this past year, and it will go up a little bit, but not anywhere near where it was in FY 2016. So I think, generally, it’s going to be around where it is right now. And any increases are entirely as a result of just some real estate thing that will benefit us for decade really as we purchase pieces of property stuff like that.
Mark Hurd: To Safra’s point, our cost per seat or a sales rep is declining. So our cost of housing them are countless that we have to make these CapEx investments, but salary, bonus everything as we move with such into this modern selling effort. We have more people, but our cost per seat is actually declining.
Safra Catz: Okay.
Bradley Reback: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our final question for today will come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much. Mark, just given the new customer count in cloud and seen you’re picking up some momentum in the mid-market, especially around ERP. Can you just discuss what’s driving that? Is it just more focus in – from a sales standpoint? Is it having sort of our suite offering versus just our best-of-breed products? Just any color on that would be helpful. Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Yes, Kirk, I just think it’s all of the stuff. I mean, I think listen, I mean, you can’t start with the fact that we have good products, and we have good products that’s a really big advantage. So that’s sort of point one. Point two, we’ve done a lot of training in our salespeople are frankly better and they come in* with good products. They now know a lot more about them and we have references, and when you have those sort of combinations, things go well for you. I think we’ve done a good job, putting our people set this point about the investments we’re making. We put our people in these new modern capabilities that are given them great tools now* go to market. Now let me say all this against the backdrop of – I think we’re actually going to get better of this. So I think when you look at our – you can’t look at them, I can. But when I look at our pipelines, I remember two years ago, I made the statements that I thought our ARR would be good a couple of year ago and lot of people said why?* And it is because our pipeline was up and I can see it mature to the pipeline. This pipeline we have now is the strongest best pipeline we’ve had. And I believe our conversion rate meaning the movement of that pipeline into actually booked orders will actually get better for the very reasons we’re* describing, so I’m – quite optimistic about it.
Kirk Materne: Thanks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, mark. The telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you in the future. Thank you for joining us today. With that, I’ll turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, we’d like to thank you for your participation on today’s Oracle’s quarter four 2016 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-03-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond – Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Safra Catz – Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison – Chairman and Chief Technology Officer Mark Hurd – Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Heather Bellini – Goldman Sachs Michael Turits – Raymond James Kash Rangan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch John DiFucci – Jefferies Philip Winslow – Credit Suisse Raimo Lenschow – Barclays Kirk Materne – Evercore ISI Brent Thill – UBS
Operator: Welcome to Oracle’s Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I’d now like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ken Bond: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s third quarter fiscal year 2016 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect those forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking call, we will begin with a few prepared remarks. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q3 then I will review guidance for Q4 and I’ll provide some color even on Q1 and then I’ll turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. As you can imagine, we are pleased with this quarter. Total revenue was inside my guidance, driven by the fantastic performance of our SaaS/PaaS business, which was well beyond the high-end of my guidance. Earnings per share was a penny above the high-end of my guidance even with the currency headwinds being a penny worse than expected. Q3 currency headwinds were largely as expected around 4% in most categories including total revenue, but as I just said, the currency effect to earnings per share was a penny worse than expected at $0.04 more than instead of the $0.03 I guided too. We will continue to use constant dollar growth rates on our quarterly calls, so we can have some measure of consistency across the quarters as well as to reflect how we measure the business. I’m going to start with our SaaS and PaaS business, where we continue to see excellent momentum. Bookings grew 77% this quarter and that’s on top of the 129%, we reported last year. SaaS and PaaS revenue was $585 million, up 60% from last year. Sequentially, SaaS and PaaS revenue grew 21% with PaaS up more than 150% sequentially and our data-as-a-service business continuing to take off. Our sustained SaaS/PaaS bookings growth is now translating into significant acceleration of our SaaS/PaaS revenue growth. And in Q4, we could see double-digit essential revenue growth again. You can also see the continuing revenue acceleration of our cloud business in the SaaS and PaaS billings and deferred revenue. The gross deferred revenue balance is now over $1.1 billion and was up 96% in U.S. dollars. SaaS and PaaS billings grew 32% in U.S. dollars this quarter. We put the billings numbers up on our website for you to see the detail. The balance of our cloud revenue comes from cloud infrastructure-as-a-service, which was up 2% to $152 million. While SaaS and PaaS revenue will be much – we’ll see much higher growth rate. We expect infrastructure-as-a-service revenue growth will be more moderate for now as it is currently dominated by our hosting business. Total cloud revenues, which is Saas and PaaS revenue as well as infrastructure-as-a-service revenue were $737 million, up 43% from last year. As our Saas and PaaS business continues to scale and grow dramatically, the gross margin continues to expand. The Q3 gross margin for SaaS and PaaS was 51%, up from 43% last quarter, and we will see further improvement in Q4 and from there we will be targeting 80% over time. On-premise software revenues including new software license and software license update and product support was unchanged at $6.3 billion. Software license update and product support revenue was $4.7 billion, up 5% from last year. Attach and renewal rates are running at their usual high level. New software license revenue was $1.7 billion, down from last year as customers continue to direct new spend to Oracle Cloud Services. Over this fiscal year, I expect constant currency on-premise software revenue will be positive, comprised of continued growth in software support that offsets decline in new software license. Finally, total hardware revenue was down 8%, which included hardware products revenue of $604 million and hardware support revenue of $531 million. Total revenue for the quarter was up 1% at $9 billion. Non-GAAP operating income was $3.8 billion and the operating margin was 42%. I continue to believe, assuming no more wild currency swings that this fiscal year that FY 2016 the one we’re in will turn out to have been the trough year for operating income. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 22.6% and the GAAP tax rate was 21.6% as we saw some catch-up benefits largely related to the U.S. R&D tax credit. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.64 in USD and GAAP EPS was $0.50 in USD. As I mentioned before, had the dollar not strengthened, the GAAP and non-GAAP EPS would have been $0.04 higher. Operating cash flow over the last four quarters was $14.1 billion. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $368 million with just a bit over 15% being cloud-related. And I expect that cloud-related CapEx for the full-year will be dramatically lower than last year as we utilize the investments that have been made. Now the non-cloud CapEx was dominated by real estate lead by the Austin, Texas campus, we are building to support our cloud sales organization as well as moving and consolidating teams and other lines of business currently in other locations. Free cash flow, over the last four quarters, was $12.5 billion. We now have nearly $51 billion in cash and marketable securities, net of debt our cash position is nearly $11 billion. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $6.9 billion, up 11% in constant currency. This quarter we repurchased nearly 61 million shares for a total of $2.2 billion and over the last four years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by more than 16%. The Board of Directors increased the authorization for share repurchases by $10 billion, the board also declared a quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share. Over the last 12 months, share repurchases have totaled $10.5 billion and we have paid out $2.6 billion in dividend for a total that is nearly 120% of our free cash flow. Now before I turn to guidance, as many of you know, the move to cloud is a generational shift in technology that is the biggest and most important opportunity in our company’s history. We embarked on this transformation over 10 years ago, when we began rewriting all of our software to enable our customers to leverage our solutions as cloud solution. We now have the most complete set of cloud services in the industry with more than $11,000 of our customers around the word already using these cloud services to help run their business. We ourselves have been going through an operational transformation which I’ll actually be sharing more of in our in-house town hall that we’ll be having for our own employees later today. But we are really aiming to be the easiest company in the business to do business with and you’re going to see some very good positive changes that we think our customers will love. Now, as I said, we’re not quite at the end of the beginning as we’re actively working to transform our entire business, but I think you’re going to see the results. And we are far enough along that our financial statements will begin to show our success with accelerating revenue growth, operating margin expansion over time leading to very solid EPS growth. We feel very good about the progress of our cloud transition and clearly customers are rapidly adopting Oracle. My guidance will reflect this, making it easier to see that we are taking shares in the industry. Now to the guidance, I’m going to give you the guidance for Q4 and then some preliminary comments for Q1, all of my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. We expect to see continued volatility in exchange rate. But I’m going to give you constant currency guidance. But if current exchange rates remain the same as they are right now, we expect to see currency headwinds of about 2% on revenue and about $0.02 on EPS. So onto the guidance for Q4. SaaS and PaaS revenue is expected to grow 57% to 61%. Cloud IaaS revenue is expected to grow negative 1% to positive 3%. Total cloud and on-premise software is expected to grow between 1% and 2%. Total revenue growth is expected to range from negative 2% to positive 1%. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to be somewhere between $0.82 and $0.85 up from $0.78 last Q4 depending on the mix of the revenues and tax rate. Looking further out for Q1, SaaS and PaaS revenue growth should be higher than the 59% mid point of my Q4 guidance. SaaS and PaaS gross margin are expected to be higher than Q4 gross margins. Q1 non-GAAP EPS growth should be very solid. I will revisit Q1 with you as part of the Q4 earnings call in June. With that, I turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra, and hi, everybody. Oracle is now selling more new SaaS and PaaS annually recurring cloud revenue than any other company in the world including Salesforce.com. We are growing much faster than Salesforce.com more than twice as fast. Because we sell into a lot more SaaS and PaaS market than they do. We compete directly with Salesforce.com in every segment of the SaaS customer experience market including sales, service and market. But Oracle also competes in huge SaaS markets, were Salesforce.com does not compete at all, such as ERP and HCM. It took many years for Oracle to develop the most complete ERP suite in the cloud including Fusion Financials, procurement, supply chain, logistics, manufacturing and much, much more. That long effort is now paying off. Oracle Fusion ERP is the overall market leader in the enterprise cloud ERP market. We have more than 10 times the number of customers than Workday. I should say we have more than 10 times the number of ERP customers than Workday. And ERP has always been a much larger market than CRM. Salesforce.com is missing all of that ERP market opportunity. The breadth of our ERP HCM and CRM SaaS product portfolio combined with the technical superiority of our underlying SaaS cloud services should enable us to sustain our rapid cloud growth for a long period of time. And that in term should make it easy for Oracle to pass salesforce.com and become the largest SaaS and PaaS Cloud Company in the world. With that I’ll pass it on to Mark.
Mark Hurd: Thanks Larry. First I apologize for my voice today. Yes, I’m going to do my best to get some information out here even though with my voice. SaaS PaaS deferred revenue of 96% that Safra mentioned, is growing three times the rate of salesforce and twice the rate of Workday. We’ve booked $310 million in ARR in the quarter, 77% CD growth in Q3, up sequentially from 75%. Our PaaS bookings were $106 million in USD. Our pipeline is huge, SaaS, PaaS. We’re on track for a $1.5 billion of ARR bookings. Customer caps, SaaS, we have 942 new SaaS customers in the quarter. Over half were Fusion wins. We had 783 customer expansions in the quarter, an all time high. Our installed base of SaaS customers is now 11,000. CX, we have 465 customer wins in Q3, more than 500 expansions. HCM 213 new customers in Q3. Over the past two years, we have nearly doubled the number of customers of Workday and we are seeing a lot of Workday defections. In ERP, 334 customers in Q3, a 175 did not have Oracle on-premise apps before they bought. We are clearly taking share; our installed base is now well over 1,800 customers. Together Fusion HCM and ERP had more go lives in the last six quarters, than Workdays life time total. And I would like to use the word in the competition for ERP customers between us and Workday it is a slaughter. Go lives in the quarter, we had – closing in on 1,500 customers. That are now wide on fusion. Our Q3 was our best go live quarter ever. In PaaS, we had 1,143 new PaaS customers. Our installed base now has nearly 5,000 customers. Well, that’s a big number from starting from zero; it is still an enormous opportunity with 310,000 on-premise database customers. This business is going to be extremely large for us. Our renewals continue to improve our renewal rates were higher than previous year. Now, I’m going to give you a few customer wins, just so you have some context of names and brands in the quarter that committed to our solutions. Infusion HCM cloud I’m going to readout some names, Acasta, Adventist Health, Blue Shield of California, Cooperative Group, GeneRally, Real Networks, Sisters of Charity Health System, SuperValu, Technip, Vanderbilt University, Yum! Brands, ERP, Adventist Health, American Institute of Physics, Bluebird Bio, Boston Market, Culinary Institute of America, Cal State University, Dresser-Rand, Harvard Medical Facility, Japan Airlines, Orange in France, SuperValu, Scholastic, SunEdison, Vanderbilt University, The University of Kansas, Velpro, Yum! Brands, in Sales Cloud, Adventist Health, Cigna, GE Intelligent Systems, Kaiser Permanente, Lego, Omron, Real Networks, Suncorp, Telecom Italia Brazil, Travelport, Trenitalia, in Marketing Cloud AIG, Bank of Nova Scotia, Canon, Citigroup, Quintin Foundation, Coach, Dish, Forever 21, TeleServices, Landmark Group, Lego Company, Morningstar, Nestle, Princess Cruises, Quicken Loans, Snapfish, Vodafone. Now, I only named those for you and you heard many names mentioned multiple times. And I did that on purpose so you understand some of the cross pillar opportunities that exist as we go forward that when we see the connection rate between ERP and HCM, sales cloud and marketing cloud, which we think are amazing opportunities going forward as Larry described. We are the only one in the market with the breadth of portfolio that we have today. With that, we’ll take your questions.
Ken Bond: Operator, you may begin the Q&A portion please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Heather Bellini, Goldman Sachs. 
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you, guys for taking my question. Mark, I was wondering if you could share with us your new cloud ARR goal of $1.5 billion that you have for this current fiscal year. I believe you are at close to $800 million now, which would mean obviously you need to sell about $700 million or sign about $700 million in Q4. I mean notwithstanding you just gave us a lot of good data points on customer wins in the quarter, but can you give us walk us through what gives you confidence in attaining that number and then my follow-up would just be to that, any early thoughts on what ARR could look like next year, could it be above the $1.5 billion for this year. Thank you. 
Mark Hurd: Sure. First, I mean I feel Heather no difference than I did maybe year and half or so, ago when we talked about the leading indicators for our growth in SaaS PaaS and starts with our pipeline. The fact that we have that – our pipeline going into Q4 is the biggest we have ever had. As I said in my prepared comments it is I think I used the term huge it is a big pipeline. Second for us is our billing to convert that and our conversion rate. And what you really have to track is the relative growth rates in each quarter and obviously our expectation that we’ll have a strong Q4. As I said before I’m going to reiterate again. We’re going to do nothing but just get better and better at this business. We have obviously a large quantity of people in the salesforce. We staffed our salesforce two or three years ago. We have trained them. We’ve now trained them multiple times. We now have references not only deals that we have closed, but as I mentioned our go lives are now scaled up. And so the ability for us now for breath of references and the fact as I mentioned that we sell across multiple pillars will give us, we just make a tremendous opportunity, so we’re very, very encouraged. To next year, I am not going to give you, next year guidance other than your point of should it be higher. I think the answer is absolutely yes.
Heather Bellini: Thank you very much.
Mark Hurd: Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits: Hey, guys, and perhaps Safra in particular thanks for taking the question. It’s a follow-up really for blizzard Heather said that, bookings side, but maybe on the revenue side, given that SaaS and PaaS bookings have been so strong 2016, any early thoughts on what SaaS PaaS revenue could grow than the growth could be like in 2017 and could be higher than it was in 2016.
Safra Catz: Yes. Well, I think what you are obviously saying, I’ve already given your little bit guidance on Q4 SaaS/PaaS revenue and telling you the Q1 would be even higher. I think that this is we’re in an extremely virtuous cycle with the business now, because success breeds even more success. We have so many customers’ lives we have so much interest from our customer base, and from prospects, et cetera, that as we deliver on our orders that we already have and get even more orders we’re very, very upbeat on the growth rate. Additionally, I think as we work through some of our metered purchases over the years, those are all going to be turning into revenue as utilization continues to go up. So we have both the subscription business, which just continues to grow. But we’ve also working our way through metered bookings which turn into revenue when they’re utilized. So we’re very, very upbeat about our position in the cycle. 
Michael Turits: [Indiscernible]
Mark Hurd: By the way, metered revenue was a highlight in the quarter for us. The usage a steady incline in usage was even higher than what we’d modeled. It was very encouraging. 
Safra Catz: Did you ask a two-part question or was that it, did I cover?
Michael Turits: Well, that was half two-part, the other two – the other half way would be on the margin side on cloud, I think you said that you are still working towards 80% gross margin…
Safra Catz: Yes.
Michael Turits: …talked about. So is that what’s really contributing to this being the trough here on a dollar basis and what could we see going forward?
Safra Catz: Well it’s really sort of everything coming together. So revenues going up, spending as you could tell our in the cloud capital expenditure is really, really tailed off and we are using all of that infrastructure that we put in. So when you’re not spending more, but your revenues are coming in at these kind of levels and the whole business also – we also have a situation where the revenue for the whole company starting to go up. Then operating income is going to improve. But our SaaS and PaaS margins are on their way up they’ve been really flying high as we said they would than over the last two quarters. And we expect that to continue as revenue continues to go up and expenses do not go up as much and that’s what is going to happen and its happening.
Michael Turits: Great Safra, thanks very much.
Safra Catz: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Hi, first of all [indiscernible] for you Safra, you said back in September the top income would trough this year and six months later. You seem to be delivering, so congratulations making that commitment real. Larry, question for you on the database side, when you look at today the market landscape there’s AWS that wants to go after your business, Microsoft just announced a SQL server running on Linux, and everybody seems to be offering CREDA program, swapping out your Oracle license for their license. Why are they doing this Larry? Is it just because the field that industry views Oracle as this big giant that is less flexible with pricing lot? Is that right, is that the industry feels like they need to take you guys on? I just want to see the comparative flare-up when you – to see how you look at this and how do you – how should we be thinking of Oracle’s presence in the database market a few years from now, given these threats? And I guess, there’s a follow-up, Safra, is there a database as a service model transition happening? How worried or not that licenses and databases could continue to move with the cloud like the Adobe [indiscernible]. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Well, our PaaS business grew at a 150% this past quarter. So our customers, I mean, it’s interesting that Microsoft is now offering people’s server on Linux. But people want Oracle in the cloud. People have a huge investment in Oracle products. I mean, people are coming after us, because we are by far the market leader in database. If you’re in the database business, the only when you can come after is us. So, of course, Amazon, they’re going to be in the database business too is coming after us, and of course Microsoft wants to be bigger in the database business, they have to come after us. We’re the biggest player. We see our customers, literally millions of applications and millions of users of those applications built on top of the Oracle database, wanting to move those applications into the cloud and we do that very well. Our PaaS service is even easier to use and better than Oracle is on-premise. So we see the next generation of our database business predominantly in the cloud that will still sell an awful lot of that software on-premise. The beauty of what we offer is the same exact database experience on-premise and in the cloud and the ability for our customers to move a workload from on-premise and into the cloud, and move data from on-premise into the cloud with the push of the button. That’s something that Microsoft can’t offer. We have a huge installed base that wants to migrate to the cloud, but still wants to have an on-premise infrastructure. And we provide graceful compatibility and coexistence with what’s in your data center and what’s in the cloud, as you begin that decade-long migration to the cloud. We’ve made a bunch of – sorry for the long answer, we’ve made a bunch of enhancements to our database including multi-tenancy and memory, a lot of advanced security to make it easier and favor to go to the cloud. We think that gives us a huge competitive advantage and that our customers aren’t going to leave us quite the contrary, our customers are going to move a lot of what they have to the Oracle cloud.
Kash Rangan: And the one to Safra, please model transition and databases. Thank you.
Safra Catz: Well, the way I guess you should think about it is we would be thrilled if everyone of our Oracle database customer came over to our cloud instead of running it on-premise. That would be fabulous. Now do we expect many of them? Many of them clearly are doing it. But we have such an enormous installed base that some of them will put new applications in the cloud, or different types and development in the cloud or a combination or a hybrid. But we would be delighted. You should think about it as if our customers move to the cloud, that means that they not only of course pay us for the software, but we also offer them a service where we own the hardware and we manage, and we do all the labor, and so even though they end up paying us more than they would have historically, just for a support license, a support fee, but they themselves are customers end up spending a lot left, in total because of the massive economies of scale we have in running the Oracle database for them. That they would not have on their own. So it would be delightful, if they’d all move. But some are moving and many are moving, which is wonderful. But I think this will take quite a long time and some will stay on-premise, in definitely and that’s entirely their choice. 
Ken Bond: Thanks Kash.
Kash Rangan: And can I and let me add one more thing.
Ken Bond: Thank you, very much. But let me add one more thing which is a lot of people over the years have come after us in database. The problem is if you want to move to SAP HANA, you have to rewrite your application. If you want to move to Amazon database, and they have a couple, you have to rewrite your application. That is just a huge barrier for our customers. Our customers want to run their existing applications faster and more securely in the cloud. They want to make an easy transition. We’re very comfortable we get depend our leading position in the database market.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci: Thank you. I know there is a lot of moving parts at this point in your model. And I’d like to ask a two part question each side of it and I think these both go to market. First of all, license was a little shy of what the Street was looking for realize that’s stuff you don’t guide license, but the cloud was a lot stronger. So is it fair to assume the cannibalization is happening at a more aggressive rate than when Mark, last gave us a numbers on it. I think market Oracle open world to say that I think at that point 0.8% of the maintenance for SaaS, just SaaS a transition to cloud. And then on the cloud side, I believe you are seeing some of your first renewals of deals that were likely signed early on amidst like significant promotions at attractive rates. So I think the consensus assumption or at least my assumption would be that those renewal rates would be pretty low. But I think you just said that you’re seeing good renewal rates even better than you had seen. So I was wondering if you can comment on that so one cannibalization and second, cloud renewals.
Mark Hurd: Okay. So first on the renewal rate what I said in my comments where our renewals rates were up year-over-year. They were up I think I made this statement at last quarter, that they were up almost 500 basis points. So that would just give you some idea of our year-to-year improvement in renewals. John, I would tell you that is as good as our renewal rates are they will get materially better. So the first sets of Fusion HCM, Fusion ERP, those numbers while you are right. They are all promotions, they are not yet to a renewal stage. So they are sticky, think of it is our stickiest application, which will drive very, very, very high renewal rates are not yet baked into the – now very high in improving renewal numbers that we’ve got. So that’s your second question. To your first question, listen to your point, we’re making that trade every day. If we can trade license for cloud that’s what we’re doing. And so to your point, yes, you saw a more momentum in the cloud business than probably, you have models and we look at that is great. And so that’s what we’re continuing to focus on this continuing to drive movement to the cloud. And if we do, we get as we model this out again at open world that means more money for us, more revenue for us, long run. So when we can get a booking, a choice of a booking, may be as good as cover this one more time. If we get $1 of booking cloud and $1 of booking in license. In next year we get the support on the license. And next year that dollar we get as a booking, we get another dollar of revenue. So the fact that you see those dollars shift that has an absolute good thing for us, John.
John DiFucci: Good. Mark. Are you seeing more people that are on existing maintenance move to the cloud and existing customer versus new workloads?
Mark Hurd: I think let’s be clear. Safra said that in her prepared comments that our support renewal rates whereas high as ever so. This really is the points that we talked about earlier, but let’s say it again when people are thinking about debt test as an example, there is a movement of debt test to the cloud particularly debt test of new applications. Am I going to now getting a new license to for debt test for that new application like I’m do in the cloud? And the opportunity to now do in the cloud is what you’re seeing a lot of those new jobs go and that’s certainly through our debt test.
John DiFucci: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow: Hi, thanks guys, congrats on a really strong quarter. A lot of focuses, obviously been on the database side of the house, so far I wanted to focusing on the SaaS side of the cloud. Mark you rattled off some pretty impressive customer win counts and also just names reflected on HCM and the ERP side. If you just like the ERP, EPM customer win rate of the huge quarter look like year-over-year. If you listen to some of your competitors calls they talk about displacements of fusion and some of your cloud applications, which seems to obviously go against what our check saying, what thesenumbers say itself. Hopefully, you kind of clear the area here, what are you seeing competitively particularly ERP, HCM in the cloud?
Mark Hurd: Well I mean. I don’t know on the ERP I can keep giving you these counts I’ve heard Workday guys say they’ve got 200. This reminds me when I was originally looking for Hanets many years ago, when I couldn’t find the Hanet I don’t know where there are 200 ERPs from – don’t even take their number, we’re 10x bigger than them. Now in HCM, I don’t know what to tell you I mean I can give you a few brands I mean there is Southwestern Energy. They had Workday and stopped their Workday implementation and use Oracle. Fannie Mae used Workday no longer does and now uses Oracle. ArcGIS they used Workday and they use Workday in the U.S. They went to a global decision for HR, decided on Oracle and replaced their Workday implementation in the U.S. MoneyGram started off implementing Workday. It didn’t go well, reevaluated and now have Oracle HCM cloud as their core HR for their enterprise. Same thing shows that Molina Healthcare. One of the first implementations of Workday, I think it was in Asia-Pacific, was it Simick in Australia. They now stopped their Workday implementation removed it and installed Oracle HCM. Genesis, who’s technology provider here in the Valley, they implemented Workday stop throw it out, and have been implementing Oracle HCM. BrightSource switched to Oracle upon a renewal opportunity for HCM with Workday. So, I mean, California physicians, I mean, Safra is giving me the…
Safra Catz: Stop…
Mark Hurd: Stop but listen, this is just, I get all this stuff that, I hear all this rhetoric and I’m just trying to give you, these are like real companies. That said, we’re going to stop and we’re going to go implement Oracle HCM. And so, that’s what I see going in the market. And that’s why I continue to read all brand names, so we can get away from words and rhetoric and get down to what’s really happening. So Phil, the numbers in ERP are what they are, the names in HCM and let’s just go, I mean, let’s go back to customer counts. The real customers, I mean, what – you can do the extrapolation, I know you do of how many customers that they’re getting new in the marketplace versus how many new we’re getting in the marketplace. So, I’d like to just put the names and the numbers speak for themselves. So, that’s my answer Phil.
Philip Winslow: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to shift gears a little bit the market like a global market environments a little bit nervous, I’m just looking down at your geographic performance, I see Asia coming back nicely this quarter, and then stable in Europe and in U.S. can you just comment a little bit what you’re seeing out there, and I’m sorry, Mark, to express your voice a little bit longer but that’s probably you. Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Okay. I think, what you say is right. I think that Asia-Pacific, I don’t think we want to call that a macro, or make any macro discussions other than – I think our performance in Asia-Pacific is much improved. I think, we took one of our really experienced leaders in the company. And I think, he is done a marvelous job in rebuilding our Asia-Pacific team, and I think it shows in the numbers. So I think our Asia-Pacific performance isn’t necessarily a macro statement, it’s a statement about the improvements in our execution in Asia. I do think that your comments about the stability in U.S., we’ve had very strong performance in many of our SaaS businesses in the United States. Our ERP performance here, our HCM performance here, had really been very strong. The same thing would hold through in Europe as well. I will say that if there’s anything I would comment on the macro that we do see as – we do see the issues in Brazil, probably more than anything else. And we don’t generally make macro comments, but I would say we have a – my opinion, you don’t have to be aware of, but we have a marvelous team in Latin America. You looked over the past several years, but the amount – this is on my chart of market shares. They have gain market share virtually every single category that we compete in virtually every year for the last five years. Their performance cloud SaaS/PaaS has been superb, but we do see what’s gone on in Brazil, say that, I think the rest of your statements are correct.
Unidentified Analyst : Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much. Mark, just a follow-on a little bit on the geographic question. Could you just talk about cloud momentum outside the U.S.? And so what the competitive environment is for some of your SaaS/PaaS products. It seems that you just have some of a distribution advantage against some of your competitors there. I was just kind of curious about the sort of maturity of the markets to accept PaaS – SaaS and PaaS now. And then just sort of your fleets are going up against in deals. Thanks.
Mark Hurd: What was the last thing you said, we’re going up against – where did you missing…
Kirk Materne: Just competition internationally first on the SaaS/PaaS…
Mark Hurd: Okay. Yes, I think the maturation of the cloud market or if you will the acceptance of cloud market is becoming – is global. And I think we’ve seen that over the past couple of years. It used to be three, four years ago, when I was talking about cloud in Europe, I would get incredible amounts of resistance to issues around security, data sovereignty, et cetera. Many of those are beginning to go away. Now certainly some of that has been the fact that we now have built out over the past couple of years, data center infrastructure and have so many locations. We have an incredible – by the way, I can tell you Kirky, you realized quickly why you don’t want to get into this cloud business, because the barriers to entry are extreme when you want to go global.  Many of these customers want to know their data is in their country and that’s much of the CapEx we invested a couple of years ago. That we put in and that’s a big advantage for us. Most of our competitors don’t have that infrastructure deployed around the world that we now do. To your point, we also have a very scaled distribution capability in all of those countries. And I think you have this growing acceptance of cloud at both the SaaS and PaaS layer, that I don’t have a metric on it. I can just tell you that the acceptance level of – I’m now going to do my Dev test in the cloud. And I’m talking about this happening in Korea, in Australia in Brazil, is now a regular conversation with all of our customers. So, I would say, acceptance is extremely high, but added to the fact that our distribution and our breadth of delivery capability in local basis is at least than a SaaS market, sort of unmatched to me.
Kirk Materne: Thanks a lot, Mark.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill: Thanks. So, for Larry and Mark just on platform and service. It’s early days, but you’re showing really good momentum here. Could you just maybe give us a sense of some of the next milestones you’d like to hit here in the short-term with PaaS. And Mark, you made a comment about 5,000 of the 310,000 database customers who are running PaaS would assume that your belief is that all of those database customers are original candidates to be running PaaS overtime. Can you maybe walk through the dynamics there?
Mark Hurd: Let me go first and then I’ll let Larry follow-up. First, as I’ve said in OpenWorld, I’ll reiterate again, if you look at the IT market, the IT market is 30% Dev test. And I actually believe all of that Dev test over the course of next several years will move to the cloud. And I think people will be looking for the most advanced tools and most modern tools, and most renowned capabilities, and I think that’s us. Our ability to deliver Java, deliver 12c to deliver all of the capabilities that we can today, makes the PaaS market an exciting market that’s, frankly, if you look at numbers more exciting and bigger in scale, and opportunity to do even the SaaS market, and you know how well we’re doing in the SaaS market. So I think, I will not give you milestone Brent, today, as a committed to you and I’ll stick to. I want to wait until we get a full year under our belt here, and at OpenWorld next financial analyst meeting, I will go into the same sort of modeling that we did for SaaS. But make no mistake about it, we’re extremely excited about the scale of the opportunity. The pipeline is huge. And I think you’re going to see this Dev testing. I almost think it’s entirely as a segment, going to move to the cloud and there’s nobody with a better stack of capabilities today. I will let Larry, follow-up.
Larry Ellison: Okay. I’m sorry, I dropped off for one second. Could you repeat the question?
Brent Thill: The question was about the PaaS market and about the ability for it to be a very attractive market long run for Oracle.
Larry Ellison: Yes. Well, definitely we expect that – just like the maturity of our application business is well on its way to moving towards the cloud, that’s the majority of our database business to move to the cloud. And along with that that should drag a lot of infrastructure business where infrastructure is a service compute – will computed the service, will run the application, really can run any application, on top of our database which we delivered via platform as a service. So, we are just entering the pure infrastructure as a service market which opens up another huge PaaS play for us. So, I mean, you really did think they are two markets, there’s a SaaS/PaaS market and now which people are running our applications on top of our database. And then there is – if you will, the infrastructure as a service PaaS market, where they’re running virtually any content application they wrote, on top of our database platform as a service. Those are our both enormous markets and we’re really strongly in the first competing with people like Workday, and Salesforce.com. You will see as – in that much of our database customers are moving over. You’ll see a much more database customers moving over when they compare our platform as a service with our compute, which allows them to run virtually any application in our cloud, much more efficiently, much more sincerely than any place else. And they’re our big competitor will be the sales forces and the Workday, the big competitor will be amazon.com, but we’re going to play – we’re playing in both of these markets and PaaS will grow driven by cash and cash will also though driven by infrastructure as a service. Huge opportunities.
Safra Catz: Okay.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. The telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you in the future. Thanks you again for joining us. With that I’ll turn the call back to operator for closing.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-12-16 15:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Safra Catz - Chief Executive Officer Mark Hurd - Chief Executive Officer Lawrence Ellison - Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Technology Officer
Analysts: Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co. John DiFucci - Jefferies Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital Brad Reback - Stifel Nicolaus Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Joel Fishbein – BTIG
Operator: Welcome to Oracle’s Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Release. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I’d now like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s second quarter fiscal year 2016 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports on our 10-Q and 10-K and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we will begin with a few prepared remarks. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q2, I’ll then review guidance for Q3 and Q4 and turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. As you can imagine, we’re very pleased with the quarter. Total revenue exceeded my guidance, driven by the combined strength of our cloud business, as well as better than expected results from the on-premise software business. Earnings per share were also above my guidance coming in $0.04 better than the midpoint of the constant currency range I provided last quarter. Q2 currency headwinds were mostly as expected around 6% in most categories, including total revenues. However, the currency effect to earnings per share was $0.06, $0.01 more than my guidance. We will continue to use constant dollar growth rates on our quarterly calls, so we can have some measure of consistency across the quarter, as well as to reflect how we measure the business. Considering the progress we’ve made in our transition to the cloud in the subscription business, from now on, I’m going to start with our SaaS and PaaS business. We continue to see excellent momentum there with bookings growth of 75% for this quarter on top of the 147% we reported last year. SaaS and PaaS revenue was $487 million, up 38% from last year, 39% in GAAP. Sequentially, SaaS and PaaS revenue grew 8%, and we expect the sequential growth next quarter will be even higher. The bookings growth that we have been experiencing will now translate into a significant acceleration in SaaS and PaaS revenue growth in Q3, where we could hit 50% revenue growth and in Q4 where it should be even higher. You can also see the coming revenue acceleration of our cloud business in the SaaS and PaaS billings and deferred revenue. SaaS and PaaS billings grew 68% in U.S. dollars this quarter. On top of the 70% growth last quarter, also the gross deferred revenue balance is now nearly $1.1 billion and was up a 135% in U.S. dollar. We’ve put the billings numbers up on our website for you to see the detail. The balance of our cloud revenues come from cloud infrastructure as a service, which was up a 11% to a $165 million. While SaaS and PaaS revenue will see much higher growth rates, we expect infrastructure as a service revenue growth, which is currently dominated by our hosting business will be more moderate for now. Total cloud revenues, which is Saas, PaaS, and IaaS were $652 million, up 30%. As our cloud revenue continues – as our cloud revenue business continues to scale from the growth we are experiencing, it is beginning to benefit our margin, as I previously predicted. The Q2 gross margins for SaaS and PaaS was 43%, up from 40% last quarter, and we’ll see further improvement in Q3. I also expect the Q4 exit rate gross margin for Saas and PaaS will be around 55% to 60%, and from there we’ll be targeting 80% in fiscal year 2018. The gross margin in the IaaS business was up slightly to 45%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $195 million, or $251 million lower than Q1. And I expect the cloud-based cloud-related CapEx for the full-year will be lower than last year, as we utilized the investments we have made. On-premise software revenues, including new software license and software license update and product support was unchanged at $6.4 billion. Software license update and product support revenue was $4.7 billion, up 5% from last year and up 1% sequentially. Attach and renewal rates are running at their usual high level. New software license revenue was $1.7 billion, down from last year, but a bit better than I expected for the quarter. Over the full-year, I expect we will see modest growth in our on-premise software revenue comprised of continued growth in software support that more than offset declines in new software license. Finally, total hardware revenue was down 10%, which included a hardware products revenue of $573 million and hardware support revenue of $550 million. Total revenue for the quarter was unchanged at $9 billion. Non-GAAP operating income was $3.7 billion and operating margin was 41%. I believe this for the fiscal year, we are currently in, we are more than halfway through what will turn out to been the trough year for operating income. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 20.4% and the GAAP tax rate was 17.6%, as we saw some one-time non-cash benefit. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.63 in USD and GAAP EPS was $0.51 in USD. As I said earlier, non-GAAP EPS was $0.06 lower, due to currency. Free cash flow over the last four quarters was $11.3 billion. We now have more than $52 billion in cash and marketable securities, net of debt, our cash position is over $10.4 billion. Short-term deferred revenue balance is $7 billion, up 9% in constant currency. This quarter we repurchased more than 86 million shares for a total of $3.25 billion and over the last four years, we have reduced the shares outstanding by more than 16%. The Board of Directors also declared a quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased more than $250 million share for a total of $10.3 billion, and paid out dividends of $2.5 billion for a total that is more than a 110% of our free cash flow. I’d also like to formally welcome Raymond James to Oracle’s Board, she is a great addition. Now to the guidance. I’m going to give you guidance for Q3 and then some preliminary guidance for Q4. We feel very good about the progress of our cloud transition and clearly customers are rapidly adopting Oracle. As you know, we’re expecting to see a material second-half acceleration in our SaaS/PaaS revenue, based on our bookings growth and the expiration of customer promotion. My guidance will reflect this making it easier to see that we are taking share in the industry. Since we have a clear trend and visibility through the end of our fiscal year, I’m going to give not only Q3 guidance, but also some guidance for Q4. My intention is to share with you what we are seeing in our business now that we have a line of sight to it. All my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. We expect to see continued volatility in exchange rate. I’m going to give you constant currency guidance. But if current exchange rates remain the same as they are right now, we expect to see currency headwind of 4% on revenue and $0.03 to EPS, which is significantly less than Q2. So onto guidance. SaaS and PaaS revenue is expected to grow between 49 and 53%. Cloud IaaS revenue is expected to grow between 3 to 7%. Total cloud and on-premise software is expected to grow 3 to 4%. Total revenue growth is expected to range from zero to positive 3. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to be somewhere between $0.63 and $0.66. This assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 25.5%. Of course, if this quarter is any example it may be – it may end up being different, probably better. Looking further out to Q4, we expect to see continued acceleration in SaaS and PaaS, as well as a return to EPS growth year-over-year. My guidance for Q4 is also in constant currency. SaaS and PaaS revenue is expected to grow between 69 – 65 and 69%. Cloud IaaS revenue is expected to grow 1 to 5%. Total cloud and on-premise software is expected to grow between 2 and 4%. Total revenue growth is expected to range from 1 to 3%. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to be somewhere between $0.83 and $0.86, which is a significant increase compared to last year’s $0.78. As I said before, I believe fiscal year 2016 is a trough year for profitability, as we move to the cloud. As such, I expect to see strong EPS growth in Q1 and beyond. My Q4 EPS guidance assumes the same non-GAAP tax rate as Q3 at 25.5%, but that’s probably too early to get a real beat on. Finally, SaaS and PaaS gross margins are expected to improve in both Q3 and Q4 exiting the year between 55% and 60%. I will, of course, revisit Q4 guidance with you as part of the Q3 earnings call. With that, I’ll turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark Hurd: Thanks much, Safra. So in the spirit of giving you just a blizzard of numbers, I’m going to extend that. Because our strong cloud bookings deferred revenue growth will lead to revenue acceleration in the second-half and next year, we talked about a 38% year-on-year double-digit growth. Our billings grew 68%, and again, this give you a number, Salesforce grew 21% and Workday 41%, we grew 68%. Bookings $284 in USD. In cloud 75% growth. Let me give you some customer numbers. We added 857 new SaaS customers in the quarter, 720 customer expansions. Our installed base is now over 10,000 customers. Over 3,000 of these are Fusion and almost 50% of our bookings in dollars are now Fusion. In HCM, we added 211 customers, growing faster than Workday, CX 409 customers. In ERP, we added 311 customers. We are now over 1,500 customers are installed base. 450 are now live, 5X Workdays, 90. ERP and EPM more than half of our Q2 wins did not have Oracle on-premise apps, mean that in one quarter, we sold more net new customers than Workday did in its lifetime. In PaaS, we added 1,343 new PaaS customers, 4,100 now over the last 12 months. Bookings are 100 million in USD and 75% of what we sold is now subscription, non-metered, 25% metered, our PaaS business is scaling nicely. Now, I’m going to review a bunch of names. I just want you to get a context for sort of the brands we closed in the quarter. In ERP, Blue Shield of California, DHL, FDIC, McKesson, Toshiba, Mitsubishi Electric, [indiscernible], a very large phone company in France, a very large industrial manufacturing company, perhaps the largest in the world with over a $130 billion of revenue. In HCM, AAA, Allergan, City of Aspen, Crocs, think of many of these now that I’m naming again beats against Workday, Exelon, Kaiser, McGraw Hill, Genesis actually a replacement of Workday, Brocade, More HCM, the United Nations, Stanford University. In CX, AmBev – CXP and being customer experience, AmBev, Expedia, Halliburton, Lufthansa, Maersk, Motorola Solutions, Sears, Toshiba Mitsubishi and United Airlines. In PaaS, Anthem, IKEA, Kaiser, Kia Motors, Maersk, Qantas, Symantec and Windstream, I could have named a lot more. I just wanted to give you a flavor for what we did in the quarter. Just to wrap up and connect a few dots for you on the Oracle Saas/PaaS cloud, we are currently at a $2.6 billion run rate in total cloud revenue. It’s likely our quarterly run rate will exit the year around $3.2 billion, and we’ll grow further after Q1 bookings. We will book roughly a 1.5 – more than 1.5 million in ARO this fiscal year, 1.5 billion, sorry, thank you, billion. If we continue to book the way we expect, we should see our first $1 billion quarter for SaaS/PaaS revenue next year. Gross deferred revenue is now nearly $1.1 billion. That is up 135% year-on-year and 9% quarter-on-quarter. Gross margin improved sequentially, as Safra described 40% to 43%. We’re headed to 60%, and then as Safra described on to 80%. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Lawrence Ellison: Thanks, Mark. I don’t have nearly as many numbers. I’m moving right up to 25,000 feet and talk a little bit about strategy. Oracle’s strategy is to differentiate our cloud products from our competitors. In SaaS, we differentiate by delivering the industry’s most complete suite cloud application. In customer experience, we offer a CX suite made up of sales, service, marketing, e-commerce, and a lot more. In human capital management, we have an HCM suite made up of human resources, recruiting, training and so on. In Enterprise Resource Planning, we are delivering an ERP suite net of a financials, supply chain, manufacturing and all the rest. Oracle is the first company to mark it a complete cloud ERP suite from mid-size and large enterprises. By pioneering this market, we have become the ERP market leader with over 1,500 cloud ERP customers. Cloud ERP is now our fastest growing SaaS application suite. In past, we have differentiated by making it effortless for our hundreds of thousands of customers to move their millions of existing Oracle databases and job of programs to our cloud with a push of a button, thereby obtaining the low-cost and ease of use to the cloud without having to sacrifice any performance loss or any securities degradation. We now have a highly differentiated rapidly growing SaaS and PaaS businesses. This coming year, we will deliver a number of innovations in infrastructure to service as well. We expect that our rapidly growing cloud business will drive Oracle’s overall revenue and overall profit growth for years and years to come.
Mark Hurd: Thank you, Larry. Holly, could we please move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Thank you so much. Safra, I had a question for you, just based on yours and Mark’s comments about the $1.5 billion plus in SaaS/PaaS PaaS bookings this fiscal year. Is it reasonable then to assume that in fiscal 2017 that we should see SaaS/PaaS revenue growth accelerate versus what you’re guiding too for fiscal 2016? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Yes, Heather, in fact it will accelerate very strongly, it can’t help itself. Our bookings are so strong. We’ve had so many contracts already, and we’ll be recognizing those basically regardless of how bookings go and, of course, as you can see our bookings are also accelerating. So but, yes, we’re going to have a phenomenal as far as 2017 in the cloud business. Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Yes, you know, it has the right from the start it’s going to be strong, because you’re going to wind up with our Q4 at the revenue rate that that we just gave you some guidance on, you have the bookings on top of it. And when you start Q1 and into Q2, you can already do the math on what the comparison is going to look like. So it’s going to be a strong year and particularly strong start.
Heather Bellini: Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Next question please?
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci: Hi. Thank you. Safra, it’s nice to see some modest progress in your gross margin goals for the cloud business 43% versus 40% last quarter. But non-GAAP operating margin was at 41% was a little bit low what we were looking for anyway. I guess, can you expand a little bit on the gross margin progress since the end of the year. I mean, this is going to be a steep ramp, and I’m just trying to – try to figure out how much of this is just based simply on this sort of top line growth you’re going to see as the sales promotions sort of and when you start to see top line grow, that’s going to happen or how much of it, if there’s any just to increase deficiencies as you move along? And then on the operating margin side, I realize, you don’t hedge the income statement, but was this due like could – like what would have been the impact on excluding foreign exchange effects?
Safra Catz: So, okay, so let’s backup. It is all. The bulk of the SaaS and PaaS margin improvement is because we’re now recognizing revenues for which a much, much large revenues for which we have already paid for many of the cost. And so we built up an infrastructure that can handle massive amount of usage, significantly more usage, and we have not been able to recognize revenue, because we’re recognizing it ratably. As we scale, this is absolutely an area where it is inevitable that we – that – this improves. In addition, we also have efficiency gains at all times, but that is again because of our larger scale and those are simply current use of scale. But the bulk of it is, we’re starting to be able to recognize revenues for which we have already invested. As how many points, actually the impact on operating income for us was quite significant from a currency point of view. But hold on, I’m doing the math, Q3, I don’t know, I’ve got to actually do it on our margins. I have to do it while you’re talking, while other people are talking, and then I’ll give you the exact answer at that point how much of it was…
Mark Hurd: Yes, we’ll circle back to later in the call here. Why don’t we go to the next question please?
John DiFucci: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks for taking my question. Mark, I think by my math of cloud bookings are about $475 billion year-to-date. And so the hit to $1.5 billion for the year, $1.5 billion, you need to deliver billionish or so in the second-half. Just how confident are you in that goal? And then related to that, I’m curious on the platform or database as a service, you commented that non-metered was a higher percentage. I was just curious to get a sense of how you see customer usage trending on the database as a service product? Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Okay. Well, let me tell you confident that will be my answer to your question. Our pipeline, I think, I mentioned this at Financial Analyst Day, but I’m going to mention it again. Our pipeline, I can’t come up with a better analytical statement then just huge. And so our pipeline now is multiple billions of dollars, let me give you more color. If I look at the next six months our pipeline of things that are in the next six months funnel, you have a multi-billion dollar funnel and our conversion rate is increased. So that would tell you. And our business has become skilled enough or just to be clear that, it now is behaving like a large business begins to in terms of the scale of funnel, the pipeline, the discipline we have, the conversion rates we have et cetera. So that would be sort of my view on that on. On PaaS, we have had a change to your point of going away from metered to subscription of bookings. So the bookings are now the bulk, as I mentioned is a 75% now subscription as opposed to metered. And I would say the usage of our PaaS has increased not significantly, but sort of geometrically, meaning that it’s gone from when we originally started the usage to jumped up over the last four or six months, I’d say to where the usage is extremely hot, extremely high in terms of the increase of our usage. So it’s very exciting both in the bookings, the type of bookings, and the usage that we’re seeing of what’s booked.
Ross MacMillan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow: Hi, thanks, guys, and congrats on a great quarter, particularly in the cloud. Mark, you gave some pretty impressive metrics both on the customer account side, obviously in addition to the numbers that we talked about in terms of just cloud billings. But if I focus on the SaaS side in particular here, really just a competitive question here, obviously, you put up some numbers that are sort of multiple times the size of your competitors. When you kind of look application by application, because none of us see every segments are same. Where do you think you’re kind of pulling away from the competition? Where do you – have you seen sort of the biggest change you think in that position over the past quarter, one, two years, that would be great? Thanks.
Mark Hurd: Well, it’s hard to get, I’m going to make this. This is going to be like the fifth time I’ve said this. But I’m going to try it again that in SaaS overall, we’re just better overall. We have more people. We’re well trained. Our products are matured, and we have a lot of references. Our position in ERP is just unique. We don’t have a competitor per se. I use these metrics to against Workday just to describe to you how expedientially far ahead of our sort of only person I can think of that’s built the product. Just to be clear in ERP SaaS, I don’t ever – I’m not trying to say it or might have somebody she knows or Larry might know. So I mean, don’t see SAP. I now in the market a lot. I don’t see him. So I don’t know what they’re working on, but it’s not ERP SaaS. In HCM, I think, we are continue to just get better and better and better. I mentioned, because I had a blizzard of names that I may have done myself with this service by mentioning so many names. But in the companies we actually replaced Workday. So imagine in a period of time Workday so – sorry, in HCM, we replaced Workday. So we continue to get better and better and better at HCM, and now we’re beginning to see a lot of deals better where you’re selling ERP and HCM is attached to the ERP sale. So because of ERP being a – in many ways a very strategic, very sticky sale, we now see our attach rates moving up and up and up where somebody buys ERP and they buy HCM at the same time. The scale of our Fusion products and the reason I gave you that metric for the first time is it is now a very high, it’s not beginning to become a reasonable percent of our total portfolio versus everything that we’ve got, including marketing, which is having a great run as you know. But I add to it the fact that now the Fusion products, which are extremely sticky, almost 50% of our total bookings. So, I mean, I could feel like you keep going down these metrics for you. But I think we’re unique in ERP and getting further ahead, I mean, we’re at a point now we have over 1,500 customers, and we’ll give you a prognostication where we end the year. But I – it’s going to be well over 2,000, I guess, it did. It’s going to be well over 2,000. We’re getting better and better at HCM. We’re in a leadership position in marketing. I feel good about where we sit.
Phil Winslow: Got it. Perfect. Thanks. Congrats, guys.
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays Capital.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thanks for taking my question. We talked a lot about cloud. But can I talk – ask about the database business? So 12C is in beta since OpenWorld. Can you talk a little bit about what are you seeing becoming closer to release two now hopefully. What are you seeing out in the market? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Well, we see our customers with a much higher uptake of 12.2 simply because they have two key features that are very important to our customers. One is the In-Memory aspect of the database, where now have the PaaS’ In-Memory database. And the way you take advantage of that, you take any existing Oracle application and you run it without change on 12.2, and it runs much, much fast – it runs in memory without changing. So other people say, we’ll use market in-memory database. We have to rewrite the application. In this case, you don’t have to rewrite the application, you press the button. We run much faster and by the way we went faster in the competition. So we have a lot of our customers wanted to take advantage of in-memory acceleration, that’s one of the reasons they buy the new version of the database. The other thing is multi-tenancy. They’d like to do a lot of consolidation there, but a lot of small databases. They’d like to run on one machine and you can do that much more efficiently by running the Oracle database with multiple tenants. You consume less hardware resources that’s easier to manage. You can backup a whole suite of databases as a group of databases is one, it’s thoroughly automated. So that’s the other major reason we see a very rapid uptake. And finally, we’re seeing our customers, as our PaaS business begins to increase in adoption. The customer wants to run the latest version of the database in the cloud and they want to match that up with the latest version of the database in their data center. They want to run this basically the same technology, both in our cloud in our – and their data center. And that’s one of the unique value propositions that we offer our cloud customers the same exact technology on-premise and in the cloud. And those things will then co-exist for years and years to come. Then the customers are seeking up their version. We have a latest version in the cloud. They want the latest version on-premise. That’s also accelerating the adoption of the database on-premise.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Brad Reback with Stifel Nicolaus.
Brad Reback: Great. Thanks very much. If I look at the results geographically Asia and Europe look to be pretty solid especially given what’s going on in Asia. North America seem to lag a bit. Were there any specific items that led to that underperformance?
Mark Hurd: No.
Safra Catz: No, you are also looking at the Americas, no. So, for example, hardware revenues particularly problematic for us in Latin America seems like that. So while you look at the Americas, you are actually seeing Latin America, which has issues, of course…
Mark Hurd: With Brazil.
Safra Catz: Brazil and North America, Canada, altogether.
Mark Hurd: Yes, U.S. was fine. I think to your point, Asia was strong. We’ve been doing our team as we talked about this before. We’ve been doing a lot of rebuilding in Asia and then has really shown promise for us and the results reflect that in the quarter. Europe had a solid quarter overall excellent results from the cloud and U.S. was fine, we would be able to describe it. In the Americas, as Safra’s point, you have the inclusion of Latin America, which is a great organization. It’s done a great job. They’re gaining share. In fact, if I look at every sort of metric we have in Latin America, we gain share in virtually every category we compete in the Latin America. But within the context of the quarter, the situation in Brazil is tough, which is reflected in these overall Americas results that you’re describing.
Brad Reback: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much. Mark, I just want to double click on the strength in Fusion ERP, I guess, if we could. Just given how far in front you seem to be in that area. Are there any specific verticals or geographies that are sort of outsized in terms of how you guys are doing? And I was also curious about how much of the strength is sort of you guys going into the mid-market in a bigger way or the mid, upper, mid market in a bigger way? Are you actually starting to see some broader G 2,000 deals as well in terms of the ERP product? Thanks very much.
Mark Hurd: Well, my inclination to answer to your question, yes. But let me try to describe sort of what’s happening. We talked a bit this a little bit at financial Analyst Day. The good news about ERP or ERP suite is it’s still not available, it’s just going into other geographies. So with the last release we had, we now brought on manufacturing and supply chain. We’re now releasing the product for sale in some like, for example, in Brazil and some European countries. So we actually get some geographic expansion with the last release we had. So this is actually good news. The strong in this case actually get stronger. We actually now have material number of references. I think I mentioned, but I’m going to try again. We have over now 450 customers wide. This is a big, big metric. Our market also expands in a couple of ways with ERP, which makes it so important. We get two increases on our total available market, one is what you mentioned, the fact that we actually get to go down market now. And, yes, we do have broad market expansion. We get to compete for companies that otherwise would never have had 90 staff couldn’t have assembled in ERP system, we now get to compete. We also now remember when were in an ERP system, we were in the hardware we win everything, we win the whole stack. So our TAM really goes up on total available market on two dimensions, the total stack in addition to our ability to compete down market. Now that’s broad based, I – that’s why I specifically used the names I did. Our success is not unique to mid-market or up-market, it’s really both I mentioned the name of the biggest tele – I didn’t mention the name very, very big telephone company in France very big industrial company, these are huge companies at the same time as we have $50 million company that are moving to our cloud ERP. So it is broad-based success across geographies. But the good news, I believe, I think we’re just really getting started.
Kirk Materne: Great. Thanks. Happy holidays.
Mark Hurd: Thank you. Same to you.
Operator: We do have time for one follow-up question. And final question will come from the line of Joel Fishbein with BTIG.
Joel Fishbein: Hi, Larry. At Analyst Day you talked about building second-generation data center architecture that should improve Oracle’s overall competitive positioning. Can you give us a little more color on what changes you’re making and when this will be rolled out?
Mark Hurd: Well, again, I said we’d – in my short remark before we start the Q&A I said that we will be delivering innovations and infrastructure as a service. And we have a next-generation data center that we’ve been architecting and building, in fact, with actually put out the data centers actually kind of up and running. There are actually three data centers what we call on availability zone, they’re all connected by a fiber-optic ring. And the thing we’ve really that we focused on a number of things, obviously availability, performance, but security are all things you would expect us to focus on. The big surprise – the big surprise, as we think, we would be by far the lowest cost provider of infrastructure as a service. We think we’ve been in this business a very long time. We’re very focused. This is our data – this is data center version two. We’ve been doing this for a while now. And we think that our cost of delivering infrastructure as a service in the cloud much, much, much lower than anyone else’s cost with this new architecture. And with these new data centers, we’ll be passing that on to our customers.
Joel Fishbein: Great. Thank you.
Safra Catz: Okay. I just needed to answer, I think the question is quite similar. I think it’s about from here about 3.5 to 4 point, something like that, okay?
Joel Fishbein: Thank you, Safra.
Ken Bond: A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call, and we look forward to speaking with you. With that, I’ll turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-09-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Safra Catz - Chief Executive Officer Mark Hurd - Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison - Executive Chairman and Chief Technology Officer Corey West - Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Michael Turits - Raymond James Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Kash Rangan - Bank of America Brent Thill - UBS Raimo Lenschow - Barclays John DiFucci - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to Oracle’s First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to now turn the call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle’s first quarter fiscal year 2016 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Executive Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison and CEOs Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we will begin with some prepared remarks. With that, I will turn the call over to Safra. Safra?
Safra Catz: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks, Ken. I am actually offsite today, so hopefully this phone will work out. If you don’t hear me, I may have to reconnect, but I do have obviously Ken Bond on the call and Corey West, our Chief Accounting Officer is also I think in the room with Larry and Mark. I am going to focus today on our non-GAAP results for Q1. I will then review guidance for Q2, and I will actually give some guidance for the entire fiscal year, and then I will turn the call over to Mark and Larry for their comments. As you know, we didn’t provide you a stellar guidance for Q1 given the high volatility in exchange rates we are seeing at the time. As it happened, Q1 currency headwinds were actually 2% worse than we expected. The currency impact for both total revenue and hardware revenue ended up being 9% and for software and cloud revenue was 8%. Now, we do get benefit on the expense side, but because many of our expenses are in the United States, we get a very small benefit and of course our expenses are significantly lower than our revenues, and so our operating income was actually impacted by 12 points. Earnings per share was $0.06 lower, because of currency, $0.01 worse than we anticipated. With currency still volatile, we will continue to use constant dollar growth rates on our quarterly calls, so we can have some measure of consistency and also share with you how we look at the business. We have also changed the presentation of our income statement to better reflect how we look at the company now that cloud has become a significant contributor to revenue. Our software business is really two parts of one business: the on-premise software business, which is steady and growing modestly and the cloud business that is in a high growth phase. We thought it made sense to show the components grouped together in our income statement to make it easier to see the progress we are making in the cloud. The largest part is on-premise software revenues, which is made up of new software licenses plus software license updates and product support. On-premise software revenue was up 4% for the quarter to $5.8 billion. The largest component is software license updates and product support, which was up 8% for the quarter to $4.7 billion, with attach and renewal rates running at their usual high levels. We expect the on-premise software business to remain steady. Over the full year, I expect we will see modest growth comprised of continued growth in software support revenue that offsets any declines in new software license. Moving on to cloud, we start with SaaS and PaaS and then add infrastructure as a service to report total cloud revenues, which were up 34%. Within the cloud business, we continued to see excellent momentum in SaaS and PaaS, with bookings growth of 165% this quarter on top of the 54% growth from Q1 of last year. SaaS and PaaS revenue was $452 million, up 38% from last year. The triple-digit bookings growth that we have been experiencing will translate into significant acceleration in SaaS and PaaS revenue in the second half of the year. You can also see the coming revenue acceleration of our cloud business in the SaaS and PaaS billings and deferred revenue. SaaS and PaaS billings grew 70% in U.S. dollars this quarter on top of the 100% growth last quarter. Also, the gross deferred revenue balance is now merely $1 billion and was up more than 100%. We have put the billings numbers up on the website for you to see in detail. Our significant success in cloud bookings will not only help accelerate our revenue growth, but it will also benefit our margins and earnings over time. Cloud revenue, as you know, is recognized ratably while new license is recognized all upfront. This timing difference has the effect of lowering near-term operating margins and earnings per share, but over time will increase both. As our SaaS and PaaS bookings have continued to accelerate, capital expenditures for the quarter were higher compared to last year. The bulk of them are largely complete and you can see this in the $150 million sequential decline in CapEx this quarter. I expect CapEx for this year will be materially lower than last year as we utilize the investments that we have already made. We are well aware of the near-term impact to gross margins that this build-out cost has had on the cloud business, and I think that Q4 of last year marks the bottom for SaaS and PaaS gross margins. Q1 cloud gross margins were up slightly on a sequential basis, and I think we will see another modest improvement in Q2. But as our cloud business scales up, we expect SaaS and PaaS gross margins will be around 60% by Q4 and then 80% over the next two years. The balance of our cloud revenues come from cloud infrastructure as a service, which was up 23% to $160 million. The gross margin in this business was up sequentially to a record 45%. While SaaS and PaaS revenue will see much higher growth rate, along with significantly higher gross margins, we expect infrastructure as a service revenue will grow at a single-digit rate and maintain a steady margin profile over time.  As I mentioned, there are two parts to our software business that can be looked at separately, but should really be considered together, the on-premise software business, which will grow modestly and serves as a tremendous base of loyal customers using our leading product. The SaaS and PaaS revenues will grow rapidly and will quickly become a significant contributor to revenues and profit as we help those same customers transform their businesses over time. In total, we will see growth in the total software business begin to increase this year as cloud revenue grows as a percentage of the total software business. Finally, total hardware revenues grew 6%, which included hardware products revenue of $570 million and hardware support revenue of $559 million. Total revenue for the quarter was up 7% from last year to $8.5 billion. Non-GAAP operating income was $3.5 billion and the operating margin was 41%. Sales and cloud investments, along with the integration of MICROS, each impacted operating margins negatively by about 1%. A non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter – the non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 25%, which was 3.5 points higher than last year. The GAAP tax rate was 24.4%, which was 5 points higher than last year. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.53 in U.S. dollars and GAAP EPS was $0.40 in U.S. dollars. As I said earlier, both were $0.06 lower due to currency. Free cash flow over the last four quarters was $11.8 billion. We now have nearly $56 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt, our cash position is approximately $14 billion. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $9.1 billion, up 10% in constant currency. This quarter, we repurchased more than 75 million shares for a total of $3 billion, up from our fiscal year ‘15 run rate of $2 billion a quarter. And given current market conditions, we expect to buy even more in Q2. The Board of Directors also declared a quarterly dividend of $0.15. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased more than 220 million shares for a total of $9.1 billion and paid out dividends of $2.4 billion for a total that is nearly 100% of free cash flow. Now, to the guidance, as I mentioned, I am going to give you guidance for Q2 and then for the whole year. We feel very good about the progress of our cloud transition. And clearly, customers are migrating to the Oracle cloud. Over time, we expect the cloud will result in more revenue and profit for Oracle as we take share from legacy on-premise competitors, other cloud competitors who are limited to point solutions and the labor suppliers who can’t possibly offer what we have already built. Of course, I am seeing many of the same financial news reports that all of you are about the whole world. And so I think it is still best to be prudent here. Additionally, we expect to see continued volatility in exchange rates and significant currency headwinds. I am going to give you constant currency guidance, but if exchange rates remain the same as they are right now, we expect to see a currency headwind of about 6% on revenue and $0.05 on earnings per share. But again, it could be significantly worse. Maybe if we are lucky, it could be a little bit better. All of my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. So, here it goes. SaaS and PaaS revenue is expected to grow 36% to 40%. Cloud IaaS revenue is expected to grow 5% to 9%. Total cloud and on-premise software is expected to grow from 0% to 2%. Total revenue is expected to range from a negative 2% to a positive 1%. Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to be somewhere between $0.63 and $0.66. Now, this assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 25.5%. Of course, if this quarter is any example, it may end up being different. Looking further out, we expect to see a material acceleration in SaaS and PaaS revenue. As a result, I am providing full fiscal year guidance for some key items. As before, my guidance on the full year is in constant currency. SaaS and PaaS revenue is expected to grow around 50%. On-premise software is expected to grow approximately 1%. Total cloud and on-premise software is expected to grow between 3% and 4%. Finally, SaaS and PaaS gross margins are expected to materially improve in the second half and exit the year at around 60%. With that, I will turn it over to Larry and Mark for their comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. This is Larry. Over the last three years, we have been in the startup phase of our cloud business. We have developed services at all four layers of the cloud, a complete set of enterprise SaaS applications, plus our database and middleware platform services, plus compute and storage infrastructure services, and an expanding set of data systems. We have deployed those cloud services in 19 data centers and 14 countries around the world. During this startup phase of our cloud business, we have increased our data center service delivery capacity from 0.5 megawatt to 45 megawatts. That’s a 90x, not 90%, a 90x increase in our data center capacity in three years. We have installed over 40,000 physical devices, a 100,000 virtual machines and over 8 petabytes of storage. We now have in place the physical infrastructure to dramatically expand our cloud customer base. We are entering the rapid growth, scale-out phase of our cloud business. We are adding thousands of new SaaS, PaaS, IaaS and data customers to our existing data centers. With all that customer growth on top of our existing infrastructure, we expect that our cloud margins will double from 40% to 80% over the next two years. Mark, it’s your turn to tell everybody about all those great customer adds we had during Q1.
Mark Hurd: Thanks. By the process of elimination, this is Mark actually speaking. So, I thought I would do two things right to the Larry’s point, tell you about some wins, but also give you some facts about the quarter. Revenue grew 38% year-on-year, 8% quarter-on-quarter. Billings grew 70%, again growing much faster than Salesforce and Workday. Bookings were $191 million, a 165% growth. And like I always do, I want to tell you the number of customers we added. We added 612 new SaaS customers in the quarter, brand new logos. 616 expanded their SaaS business with us in the quarter. In HCM, it was 166 new customers, more than double what Workday added. In CX, 280 customers. In ERP EPM, it was 200 customers, double last year. That is also more than Workday’s lifetime sales. We now have 1,350 customers in our installed base. More than 300 are already live, including 100 that went live in just Q1. What’s taken Workday eight quarters to do, we did in one quarter. We never see SAP. PaaS, we added 800 new PaaS customers in the quarter, 2,500 in just two quarters. Bookings over $65 million. Now, I think we have a shot in Q2 to book more PaaS than we actually did in Q4. I think we have a shot. That’s how fast we see our pipeline growing in PaaS. I am going to wrap up and then I am going to read you some news, but I just want to connect a few dots between what Safra and Larry described on the Oracle SaaS, PaaS cloud. We are currently at a $1.8 billion run-rate in revenue. If you include IaaS, it’s $2.4 billion. We will book between $1.5 billion and $2 billion in SaaS, PaaS ARR in the fiscal year. Gross deferred revenue has grown from $475 million to nearly $1 billion in the year. Billings are growing 70%. Gross margins are headed to 80%. SaaS, PaaS will be a very large and very profitable business for Oracle. Now, in addition, I just want to give you some brands that we got in the quarter just so you have a feeling for who these – all these people are that are buying solutions from us. So, first let me hit HCM. A few wins, CEMEX, they are an Australia fusion HCM. We replaced Workday at CEMEX in the quarter; Cypress Semiconductor; GDF Suez; Limited Brands; Nationwide Insurance; Restoration Hardware; Rutgers University. We expanded our HCM clouds at Omnicare, the Navy, Westpac Bank. In ERP EPM, Athena Health, Chicago Sun-Times, these are all new customers by the way. Fox Home Entertainment, U.S. Department of Energy, LendingClub Corp, Lenovo, LG Electronics, Rutgers University. By the way, you will hear a few names twice, which is because they bought multiple pillars at the same time. In sales service cloud, Fox Home Entertainment, Royal Mail, Sallie Mae, SIRIUS XM, Toshiba Medical, Wesfarmers, expansions at Cigna, Motorola, Nikon, Polycom, Virgin Atlantic, Westpac. In our marketing cloud, Aer Lingus, General Mills, JeansWest, Telstra, Verizon, expansions at Booz Allen Hamilton, Forever 21, National Instruments, NetApp, Pier 1 Imports, Public Broadcasting System, TaylorMade Golf Company, Time Inc. I am going to stop, but I wanted to give you a flavor for not just the number of customers but the quality of brands that are buying from us at the same time. Ken, with that, let’s take whatever questions anybody has got.
Ken Bond: Great. Thank you very much, Mark. Operator, if you could please instruct the audience for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow: Hi, thanks guys and congrats on another great quarter in the cloud with that 70% billings growth and also thank you for the commentary on the gross margin there going forward, that was really helpful. I just wanted to double click on the cloud for a little bit, SaaS and PaaS, Mark you gave us some commentary on the PaaS side for Q2. And obviously, it sounds like that’s ramping. But if you focus in in on the SaaS side, what trends are you seeing there, HCM versus financials, maybe trends on adoption you can see there and go-live, any sort of color would be great?
Mark Hurd: Well, listen, I hate to compare our pillars, because individually, they are all doing quite well. So, I don’t want to compare them against each other. But it’s clear to me the ramp in ERP is its strength. I mean, when you look at the number of customers we’d be able to bring on board, remember, this is really our fifth quarter really in the business in the cloud. When you think of 1,350 customers that are now under contract, I think it’s – Larry can do this better than I can, but in roughly 23, 24 years, we are sort of already at, I don’t know, 10% of the on-prem base. It’s now in the cloud in terms of just sheer number of companies, and our pipeline is just full. So, ERP, we are highly differentiated and we are way ahead of wherever it is you think is number two, and it’s extreme – I think it’s a combination, Philip, what we have talked about before. It’s – our products have done nothing, but gets better and better and better. We are on now Release 10. Release 11 is now coming out, so our products have gotten better. Our people – we have got more people. They are better trained and we just have now a lot of go-lives and a lot of references and that’s true across each one of our pillars, Phil.
Larry Ellison: Yes. I would like to add a couple of things. One is that the products that we have are being translated into more and more languages and updated for statutory compliance in more and more countries. So, there are more markets we can sell them into. And we are adding supply chain and manufacturing with this release in ERP. So, we have – there is really nobody with a comprehensive suite of enterprise software products. And now – and we are able to sell it internationally. So, we think we have a huge advantage. I don’t know who you consider the competitor in ERP. Again, every quarter, I mean, if Workday is the competitor, every quarter, we sell – Q1 is our smallest quarter and we sold more deals in Q1 than Workday’s sold ERP deals, and Workday has sold since their company began. We view that every single quarter. So, our relative strength, I think as Mark said, I think all of our pillars are doing well. But on a relative basis, whoever is number two in ERP, they are a long, long way behind. And by the way, ERP is the largest segment of application in the cloud. That will be just like – people – SAP was the leading on-premise application software vendor in the last generation of applications, because they were number one in ERP. The leading vendor – applications vendor in the cloud this generation will also be whoever wins the ERP work.
Mark Hurd: Yes, Phil, we have fallen into the trap that I didn’t want to fall into as comparing pillars and you can tell how excited we are about ERP. But frankly, if you were in our marketing cloud business, you would be really excited. When you start running off the names that I run off in marketing cloud, we are highly differentiated and we are winning. We have done well in B2C. We have done well in B2B. You add what’s now occurred in service. I mean, we are starting to see again significant service growth in our service cloud and our sales cloud, while again small and very different than ERP, up against a big competitor. Our service cloud is showing very strong growth. And so if you looked in each of our pillars, we have added on some really cool stuff here, just while I am on a roll here. We have added on a very cool data as a service business. So, our data as a service business, what’s come to us with our BlueKai acquisition and our Datalogix acquisition is now another component of our marketing cloud, and that had tremendous performance in Q1. So, it’s really a story across sort of all of our pillars. ERP is of course exciting, because to Larry’s point, it’s the biggest pillar in terms of total available market and one that has a lot of pull. It pulls a lot of HCM. When we win an ERP, our connect rate of HCM to ERP is pretty high and growing, but the success is broad-based and that’s sort of the enthusiasm you hear keep coming from us as we talk about what we see happening across our SaaS business.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits: Hey, guys. I wanted to switch over from apps to database. I want to ask you broadly. I know the 12c is being adopted faster than 11. Can you give us an update on the adoption of multi-tenancy and in-memory options? And from a cloud perspective, how much traction you are getting with the SaaS providers and maybe we could say for database as a service, how is that working as part of the broader platform as a service offering?
Larry Ellison: Okay. So, we have never had any of our options for the database, have an update as fast as we are seeing with multi-tenancy and in-memory. We never experienced people that want to get these two particular pictures turned on. And this is in our on-premise customer base. As you know, most major SaaS companies run Oracle. SAP runs Ariba on Oracle. SAP runs SuccessFactors on Oracle. SAP runs Concur on Oracle. NetSuite runs on Oracle. Salesforce runs on Oracle. And all of them are able to deliver more efficiency in terms of query processing by turning on the in-memory feature. All of them are able to, by more efficiency they use less hardware and they deliver better performance. So, they lower their internal cost and deliver their performance. All of them are much more efficient in the usage of hardware resource by turning on multi-tenancy. Now, these guys have multi-tenancy built into their application. That doesn’t mean they don’t layer things. So, they have multi-tenancy at the application level, multi-tenancy at the database level, and then multi-tenancy at the operating system level, which is called VM. All of those things kind of conspire together to more efficiently utilize your hardware, provide better recovery in security systems. So, we see the demand from our traditional on-prem customers and the new generation of cloud customers for these two new options unlike anything that’s out before.
Ken Bond: Next question, fine Michael, go ahead, Michael.
Michael Turits: Yes, just if I was curious as to two things. One is how is database as a service fitting in with your broader platform as a service offering? And is there any slowing of database and expectations of Release 2 for 12c?
Larry Ellison: I don’t think – as you know, if you buy the database now and you get all – and you maintain support, you get all the subsequent versions. So, no, I don’t think there is any slowing. However, we are encouraging people to run all their dev tests, all their development and test in our cloud as opposed to on-prem, which does imply a shift from database on-prem to our database service. That’s what we want them to do. We think that lowers their cost and raises our revenue and profits. We think it works very well for us. So, you really have to look at those two businesses added together. And I think that’s what Safra is saying in her presentation. You can’t look at database on-premise separately from PaaS, to database as a service. It’s really that some of those that have to grow. Some of those have to grow at the top line level and that some of those have to grow in terms of profitability. And we see that happening right now. So, we think PaaS, yes, some people will like to buy database as a service as opposed to running dev test on-prem, but we think that’s a good thing. We think we – they get a more efficient service. They spend less. We get more.
Mark Hurd: I think one thing Michael that I would add to it is that from a customer’s point of view, these decisions aren’t necessarily binary. I mean, that I am going to run database as a service as opposed to database on-prem. What the major differentiation for Oracle is nobody else can do is that we can actually do this on-premise for you and do it for you in the cloud. And we can do it at the exact same time. We can deliver to you a capability in the cloud and we can go over the exact same capability to you on-premise and move those workloads back and forth, whether that’s database as a service, some dev test and then dev test in our cloud into your data center to run your production applications. It’s important to understand this is a huge differentiator that only this company can deliver. We are not just cloud. We have a fantastic hyper growth cloud with on-prem capability that nobody else brings the two together like Oracle.
Larry Ellison: For example, we have Exadata as a service that we are rolling out at Oracle OpenWorld. So, we have Exadata as a service in our cloud. And we obviously sell Exadata as a machine to run on-premise, the most modern way, most cost effective way to run our database. So, you can run part of your database workload on-prem on that Exadata platform. Part of that database workload in our cloud on that Exadata platform and our management tool. When you are running your data center assets and our cloud assets, the person who is running that thinks that’s one pool of assets with one set of management tool that allow you to run your Exadatas and the Exadatas in the cloud together, move data back and forth, move workloads back and forth. There is – this coexistence of cloud and on-premise computing is going to be a decades-long process, if not forever. But during this long period of coexistence, we think it’s very important to have absolute compatibility between on-prem and in the cloud. And Mark makes – Mark points out our biggest differentiator in this business. We have great on-premise technology with some of our fancy appliances like Exadata, Big Data Appliance, Exalogic and go on and on and we offer those that same advanced technology in the cloud and we lace it together and make it look like one set of assets.
Mark Hurd: At the risk of over-answering your question, I am going to stop here. By the time we get to OpenWorld and Larry presents on Sunday night, we will have now fundamentally all of our software assets redone for the modern cloud. So, the ability to do what Larry said is not something that’s 5 years away, 4 years away, 3 years away, we can start delivering Exadata as a service and these are opportunities that Larry described now.
Michael Turits: Thanks, Larry. Thanks Mark.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Mike. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Thank you so much. This is a question for Mark. I was just wondering if you could share with us, if you were to characterize what inning we are in of the SaaS transition if you could kind of help us think about that? And also when do you think we start to see – I know you mentioned some commentary about momentum in PaaS, but when do we see that become a material part of that SaaS, PaaS revenue line? And then I guess the follow-up to that would just be, you touched I think on Phil’s question about the SaaS competitive dynamics, but can you walk us through how you are thinking about the competitive environment for PaaS as well? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Okay. So, that was one of those. Let me give you a question, six parts type thing.
Heather Bellini: Exactly.
Mark Hurd: Heather, I will try. So, in the baseball analogy, I don’t know, top of the first. We are in the very beginning stages. It depends a little which pillar we are talking about.
Heather Bellini: Well, for SaaS first and then for PaaS.
Mark Hurd: Server SaaS and I am talking about SaaS and I am talking across each pillar. I mean, the ERP opportunity has just started. Now, what happens that we are ramping incredibly fast. I think if I had said four quarters ago and said, hey, I think we will have 1,350 customers signed up to run in our cloud in about four or five quarters, you should go seek some help, because it won’t happen like that. It has. That said, we are only now getting to the point, Heather, where we actually have all the references required, we have got our sales force scaled. I think we are in – and by the way, to Larry’s point, I thought Larry made a great point. We are releasing a lot of new products. It may not – you may not come across that way, but with the next release, we now release products that are localized for many, many more countries, markets that frankly we just weren’t in given six months ago in addition to the fact that an ERP we are releasing supply chain manufacturing now. So, we can now look after manufacturers as well. I made a comment about what we have added now in marketing in terms of our data cloud that we have now supplemented our marketing cloud with. We have new releases coming in service cloud. So, there is just a whole suite of products. I would tell you top of the first, this is a multiyear long, long gain. We just happen to be extremely well positioned as the only one who has a suite of products and the only one that has best-of-breed products that are in a suite that can then combine it, to your point, with a PaaS capability that allows you to extend those applications without destroying the upgradeability of the application suite that you bought. So, it’s great – our pipeline a year ago at SAM, I made a statement about the size of our pipeline. Probably nobody remembers it because it seems like a long time ago. Think about since then, our pipeline in SaaS, this is our annualized pipeline, has more than doubled, more than doubled off of a really big number. So, now you have got a pipeline scale. And the great thing is I know nobody thought it at the time. You have seen it now come through the pipeline and turn into bookings. And my expectations are very favorable as I have indicated about what SaaS bookings are going to look like for the rest of the year.
Ken Bond: Next question, please. Operator?
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks a lot. Safra, I would like to drill into your comments on cloud gross margins and the expansion that you are expecting as we exit this year and look further out, pretty significant. And I guess the question is, is that really just driven by revenue scale? And is there a certain level of revenue scale in PaaS and SaaS that you need to achieve the target 80% in two years? Thanks.
Safra Catz: Okay. Well, it’s actually going to hit in many ways on – in both revenue and expenses, because we have, as Larry explained, we have invested immense resources in building up our infrastructure. And as I mentioned on the call, our capital expenditure numbers have been very, very large as compared to what we are used to historically. And so we have put out those expenditures and we have started to amortize them. However, in the second half of this year, our capital expenditure numbers are going to be significantly lower, even significantly lower than even this quarter. You will see, I believe, at least another $100 million decline and then a continuing reduction. And the reason that matters is because what you will simultaneously be seeing is a massive amount of revenue which can finally be recognized. That is going to start in true earnest in the second half of the year, in Q3 and Q4 while simultaneously we will not be adding capacity. In fact, we will be spending less than we historically have spent on capital expenditures. We will be back to numbers that you would have looked at and seen in fiscal year ‘14. So, as expenses – and in addition, you understand, it’s not only capital expenditures, it’s all sorts of staffing and labor and tools, etcetera that have all been put in place. And we will not have to add them while the revenue is going to start flowing both out of the balance sheet, which is extremely apparent and you will be able to look at it in detail in the Q filing that we should do either at the end of this week or at the beginning of next and in our new sales. So, that’s what it is. Revenue up, expenses stabilizing, and actually going down.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Safra. Next question.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks, Safra.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America.
Kash Rangan: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. My question is for Safra. Safra, how do you view the investment trade-off between the license business and the cloud business, because I think it’s pretty apparent to us that one business has higher growth but lower margin? And when I parse your comments, it looks like CapEx is going to come down for the cloud business. So, are we at a point where the license business has trough and it’s not going to decline anymore and that the profit growth out of the cloud business will start to add on? And that this year, in some sense it’s the trough in your operating profits. A lot of the other software companies have been attempting to make this model transition, have been resetting their numbers for the license business by their own volition is coming down troughing and then the cloud business starts to pick up. So, where is – how should we look at Oracle in the context of a shift that’s happening? Thank you very much.
Safra Catz: Sure. Well, first of all, the way we look at the on-premise business and I am not sure I am entirely understanding your question, but there is the new licenses, and of course, our massive installed base of license subscription. We look at that as the on-premise business. And that business is steady, growing slightly, very profitable of course, because we are at scale. We still make a lot of investments in that area. However, you should be thinking about the cloud business as another way for us to offer that same software to our customers in a different way, where we are actually hosting the software and doing a lot more of the labor. And because we will have economies of scale, they could not possibly have as individual customers. So, really it’s all one business. However, more and more, when we provide it as a cloud provider, we are providing the hardware, the software, the labor all in a package and that gives us a significantly larger amount of their wallet share. Simultaneously, the customer is actually spending less overall, because we can supply this package in a very economical way. But also since all of it is our own differentiated intellectual property, we can do it at much higher margins. And the more scale we get, the more profitable we will be. We have been in a startup mode in this whole area. We have done it basically within our profit envelope. However, this extremely quick transition, which you are truly seeing the pivot in this fiscal year, which is the reason we are breaking it out for you and really breaking our own rules of guidance where we are actually giving you a full year guidance so you can see how we are coming out of it.
Kash Rangan: So Safra, I want to conclude this and take this the financial implication, could this year be the operating profits? And then as a result of the nice investments, we start to see the operating income of the company start to grow from next fiscal year?
Safra Catz: I believe it is, yes, absolutely.
Kash Rangan: That’s great. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Kash Rangan: That’s it for me.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill: Thanks. Mark and Safra, I think your investors understand this transition to cloud is going to take time, but the ramp is definitely taking longer than some of the financial forecasts you have given the last several quarters. And now you are calling for a weaker first half, but a better second half. I guess just what’s underpinning your confidence that this ramp is going to happen in the back half?
Safra Catz: Frankly, it’s not possible that it does not happen. These are – there is a lot of revenue on the balance sheet that will be recognized in the second half. It cannot be. It is appropriate to do that to the extent that in some cases, customers have been through their promotion period and also we just have booked so many contracts that are ramping up and billing and starting to bill, there really is – it’s not avoidable. It is inevitable that Q2 is – that have to – second half is going to be very significant.
Mark Hurd: Brent, I just to add to it, first, we have the contract. Second, when you look at the balance sheet, you see the $1 billion of deferred, you can just do the math. So, we have the contracts and so it’s just not, to Safra’s point, it’s not a guessing game.
Brent Thill: Okay, that’s very helpful. Just to follow-up on the license guide, Safra, for the full year, you mentioned that, that will stabilize versus what you saw last year in terms of the decline. What was giving you the confidence there that, that will stabilize versus what you saw last year?
Mark Hurd: Well, I have my forecast. I have my closure rates that I am expecting. Remember, it’s not new license only, it is a software. It is our software installed base with extremely high renewal rates that continues when we sell new licenses in addition to our base then we get additional growth. Again, it’s – the only question is what level is decline we have in new license. We are being conservative. There is always risk that it won’t be. But again, new license has gotten to be a smaller percentage of that whole on-premise business. And we are doing the same type of estimating that we do, do our best with all the data we have.
Brent Thill: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Safra, I wanted to stay on that point a little bit. So, if you look at the license number that we see at the moment, it was like last quarter was minus 10, this quarter was minus 9. And obviously with the cloud transition going on which impacts you negatively, can you talk a little bit about other factors that might impact us and we all heard about the issues around China, etcetera. So, maybe talk a little bit about what you see in the different regions that might impact that growth number as well? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Sure. I mean, look, there is no question that internationally, there is quite a lot of chaos to say the least. And the currency impact of countries that we have been doing very well is not helping. Even though my Latin America team is executing out of the park in constant currency, the devaluation of the different currencies in LAD, for example, are very negatively affecting my U.S. dollar results. Obviously, there is quite a lot going on in Europe in different parts and both that and currency. I feel that Asia-Pacific for us is actually stabilizing. China is not a big country for us historically. So, that’s less of an issue for us directly, but the countries and businesses that are impacted by the China trade like Australia, Canada, Brazil, those can be at risk. So, I am not an economist. I – these things are impacted by especially transactional business like new hardware sales or new license sales are impacted by these regional issues. But in general, on-premise software, which is dominated by software updates and product support customers renew because that is software that is very important to them and is doing the most important work in their companies, governments or non-profits. And so that is obviously very, very steady for us and continues to do well, but the transactional business is at the same potential risk. However, the cloud momentum is so strong that overall, we expect very significant growth and that is from contracts already in hand in most cases.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: And our final question today will come from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci: Thank you. Safra, I would like to better understand something I thought I understood, but it’s how exactly your bookings of SaaS and PaaS convert to revenue. For instance, bookings – PaaS and SaaS bookings last quarter were somewhere around $425 million. And if you assume this was signed towards the end of the quarter, I would expect cloud revenue SaaS and PaaS to grow sequentially by about a quarter of this number or by about $100 million, but it only grew by little more than $30 million. And I am just curious is PaaS, because it sounded like PaaS was like a real big quarter last quarter. Is the revenue recognition like SaaS, where it’s recognized immediately in the same amount over like the three years of the contract or is it recognized a little differently where it’s recognized as the customer consumes the technology? What am I missing here?
Safra Catz: You are actually not missing anything. You are exactly asking the right question. And unfortunately, the answer is it depends because depending on what kind of agreement the customer signed, they may have signed a metered agreement, which means it will be recognized as they use it. However, it will expire after a certain time period if they don’t use it, when that is what we call metered. On the other hand, to the extent that they have a subscription, then let’s say, one month’s worth is recognized and then another month whether they use it or not. So, SaaS is almost always a subscription. PaaS can be either metered or a subscription. And so it is recognized differently and that’s it.
John DiFucci: That actually makes a ton of sense. It’s really helpful. But just one quick question follow-up to that, once if it’s a metered PaaS deal and it expires, at that time, given the contract terms, the customers, does that you recognize anything remaining on that contract at the time of expiration?
Safra Catz: If it’s expired, let’s say, they bought $100,000 metered, you could almost consider it a gift card. If they use it all on the first day, I book it alright then. If they don’t use it at all, I book it when it expires.
John DiFucci: Perfect. That’s really helpful. Thanks, Safra.
Mark Hurd: John, I will just add on SaaS, just to make sure you understand what’s happening as we get to Q3, because Safra talked about Q3 and Q4. So, when we entered the SaaS market, we had a series of promotions, meaning that you would get some time to install. Our strategy was to give you an incentive when you bought that you had time to then implement and that promotion had a certain amount of time associated with it. Obviously, that was part of building up our reference base. Secondly, as we built up our reference base, we actually shortened the promotions. So, that actually – it actually went down by half the period of time. The two sets of promotions over the last couple of years, just by coincidence, coterminously end at the end of Q2. So, the percent of the bookings that were on those types of promotions both end at the end of Q2 of this fiscal year. So, that’s why one of the reasons in SaaS, why you will see a jump in revenue that also will not be explained by bookings. So, again, while you said I couldn’t explain Q2 to bookings, you won’t be able to explain exactly the alignment of the increase in revenue based on the bookings either, because underneath it is this promotions. So, there are multiple dimensions here. There is just promotion dimension. There is the dimension that Safra described, which is about 1% of our PaaS is metered and 1% of our PaaS is subscription. So, there is a couple of different ways you can consume the PaaS. In addition to it, it takes a certain amount of time for us in some cases, I told you about a win, for example, last quarter at HSBC, a very large ERP in the cloud win. It will take us several months to fully provision that ERP for HSBC. So, it’s those factors together that formulate the conversion of the booking to revenue.
John DiFucci: But just to be clear, Mark…
Mark Hurd: And one more time why we are so confident? We have the contracts. We know the expiration of the promotions. We know exactly when the PaaS expires. And in addition, you see all of that as it relates to deferred on the balance sheet.
John DiFucci: Great. And just to be clear, Mark, once you start – you are really giving in the SaaS, the SaaS examples you gave, it’s still once it starts to be – you may delay the beginning when you should begin to start recognizing the revenue, but it will be recognized as a subscription so evenly over the term?
Mark Hurd: Yes, it is. It’s a very important tool, John, because instead of discounting, you actually renew against a higher rate and the promotion is basically a window by which you have time to get installed. And it’s a very important tool as you are building up a reference base. And that’s what we have done. Now, the promotions over that period of time, call that a two or three-year period of time have declined and declined and declined. So, the amount of promotion that’s available in our SaaS portfolio today is materially smaller than it was two years ago and materially smaller than it was a year ago. And so what happens is we think the confluence of events really come together in Q3, which is where you see this pop in our revenue. And then from there, you will begin to see a more ratable alignment of bookings to revenue sort of save the one point about the PaaS consumption that Safra was making.
John DiFucci: Okay, great. That’s all really helpful. Thanks Mark.
Mark Hurd: Thanks, John.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Mark. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department for follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I will turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today’s conference call. This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-06-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - SVP, Investor Relations Safra Catz - CEO Mark Hurd - CEO Larry Ellison - Executive Chairman and CTO
Analysts: Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Turits - Raymond James Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch John DiFucci - Jefferies Brent Thill - UBS Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's fourth quarter 2015 earnings Call. As reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to Oracle's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Executive Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the statements we make today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with some prepared remarks. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. I am going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q4 and fiscal 2015. I will then review guidance for Q1 and then turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments.  As you probably remember, I didn’t provide US dollar guidance for Q4 given the unusually high volatility in exchange rate. The currency headwinds ended up being higher than consensus estimates would reflect, with 8% to software and cloud revenue as well as the total company revenue, 9% for hardware revenue and $0.09 for earnings per share. Currencies continue to move significantly and remain unpredictable. So my comments today generally reflect constant dollar growth rate which is how we look at the business.  We are delighted with our results, with the most important thing being that we dramatically over-achieved in the cloud. This is the first Q4 where we had everything together for the cloud. We had the products that we’ve been working on for a decade, the operations, the sales force and the references with many, many happy customers. Having all that in place caused SaaS and PaaS bookings to grow more than 200%, our best ever growth rate for cloud bookings and more than $125 million higher than our own $300 million goal. For most companies, as their business grows, the growth rates go down. In our case, as the business grows, our growth rates are increasing.  So to the numbers, cloud SaaS and PaaS revenues were – I am doing only non-GAAP – were $419 million, up 34% from last year and well above the high end of my guidance. As our cloud bookings growth continues to accelerate so too will our cloud revenue growth. As I just said, bookings grew more than 200% further adding to the momentum which is helping drive SaaS and PaaS growth.  Now when you translate the $125 million higher from SaaS and PaaS to had it been historically our license business, it probably would have been about $375 million more in license and it would all have been booked immediately, not ratably over time. So for us this was actually fantastic news. When bookings ultimately turn into revenue depends of course on many factors but one thing is clear our momentum in the cloud bodes very well for the future.  Combined with infrastructure as a service revenue of $160 million, which was up 31%, our total cloud revenue in the quarter was $579 million.  To help you further understand just how well we are doing in the cloud, I thought it would be helpful to compare our cloud billings growth rate to that of our principal cloud competitors. Billings is generally defined as total revenue in the period plus the sequential change in gross deferred revenue. Our practice at Oracle regarding deferred revenue has always been to net out the billed unpaid invoices from our deferred revenue balance on our balance sheet. I believe that our cloud competitors follow a practice where they disclose only a gross deferred revenue book balance, not net for uncollected invoices. So we put up a spread sheet on our website to show you the same thing for comparability.  We’ve calculated Oracle’s cloud billings using our competitors’ methodology or the sum of total cloud revenue plus the sequential change in gross deferred revenue. What it shows is that billings grew from $468 million in fiscal 2014 fourth quarter to $834 million in this just finished quarter. That’s a growth rate of more than 70% in US dollar and though there may be seasonality to billings number, this is dramatically faster than Salesforce’s 21% billings growth and Workday’s 31% billings growth in their most recently reported quarter.  In summary, our cloud business is significantly outpacing the competition. Now total software revenues were $8.4 billion with software updates and product support revenues at $4.7 billion, up 8% from last year. Attach and renewal rates remain at their usual high levels as our growing installed base of customers continues to power earnings and cash flow. New software license revenue was $3.1 billion reflecting the accelerated migration to cloud. The shift to cloud was very pronounced in Europe where new software license sales were most impacted. But Europe was also our fastest growing region for both cloud revenue and bookings as you would expect from the substitution.  Total hardware, including hardware support, grew 5% with hardware system product revenue of $818 million and hardware support revenue of $590 million. Engineered systems continued to be strong with double digit bookings growth and we continue to take share from IBM and HP.  For the company, total revenue for the quarter was $10.7 billion, up 3% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $5 billion and the operating margin was 46% with currency and MICROS lowering operating margins by 2%, that [ph] we were able to maintain our industry leading operating margins with MICROS and while growing our cloud business dramatically is a testimony to the strength of our business model. While we believe our over-achievement in cloud bookings will be much more valuable in both revenue and earnings over time, cloud revenue is recognized ratably unlike new license which is recognized upfront. This shift has the effect of lowering near term earnings per share but over time will increase it significantly. So for example, a $1 million license deal which would be recognized upfront dropped right to the bottom line would ultimately result in about $3 million in revenue over 10 years. A $1 million SaaS, PaaS bookings – SaaS booking results in $10 million over that same time period. I would not trade the cloud revenue for the license revenue as cloud revenues -- and cloud bookings mean significantly more in revenues and earnings over time.  The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was at 25.5% and EPS was $0.78 in US dollars, $0.09 lower due to currency. The GAAP tax rate was 25.4% and the GAAP EPS was $0.62 in US dollars, $0.08 lower due to currency. Both tax rates were significantly higher than my guidance and were the result of multiple factors but generally relate to the mix of earnings between the US and other jurisdictions with the US being a larger percentage of our quarter in recognized revenue than we forecast.  For the fiscal 2015, total software and cloud revenues totaled $29.5 billion, growing 5% in constant currency. Cloud SaaS and PaaS were $1.5 billion, growing 34%. Cloud infrastructure as a service was $608 million, growing 36%. New software license was $8.5 billion and software support was $18.9 billion, growing 8%.  Hardware systems revenue was $5.2 billion, growing 1% and services revenue was $3.5 billion, essentially unchanged from last year. Total revenue grew 4% to $38.3 billion. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the full year was 45% and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.77.  Free cash flow over the last four quarters was $12.9 billion. Capital expenditures continued to be higher as we provisioned existing orders and built out for SaaS and PaaS growth. As a reminder, our cloud data centers are built using our own engineered systems. So while CapEx is a cost to other cloud providers, a good portion of our CapEx is essentially a hardware sale which we sell as a cloud subscription.  We now have $54 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt, our cash position is approximately $12.4 billion. The short term deferred revenue balance is $7.2 billion, up 9% in constant currency. As we’ve said before, we’re committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisition, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend. In terms of acquisitions, we continue to focus on finding the right companies at the right valuation, as both are critically important. This quarter, we again repurchased 4.6 million shares for a total of $2 billion. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased more than 193 million shares for a total of $8.1 billion. We paid out dividends of $2.3 billion for a total that is 80% of our free cash flow. And the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share. Now to the guidance. We feel very good about our own performance but of course we are keeping an eye on the macro environment especially abroad. Additionally, given the continued high volatility in exchange rates, we expect currency will affect results but as of now we just don’t know how much. So I am going to again provide constant currency guidance, though I would take our results as some idea of what we think [indiscernible].  Clearly customers are migrating to Oracle cloud at even faster rate and my guidance reflects this accelerating mix shift. Since we are starting the new year, I am going to make some changes in my guidance. I am dropping some things, including smaller components of cloud and I am dropping GAAP guidance which both best match how we look at the business. All of my guidance today is on a non-GAAP basis and in constant currency. So here it goes. SaaS and PaaS revenue is expected to grow between 39% and 43%. Software and cloud revenue, including SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, new software license and software support is expected to grow between 6% and 8%. Total revenue growth is expected to range from 5% to 8%.  Non-GAAP EPS in constant currency is expected to be somewhere between $0.56 and $0.59. This assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 25.5%. Of course, if this quarter is any example, it may end up being very different.  With that, I will turn it over to Mark. 
Mark Hurd: Just a couple of quick comments, Safra, to add, I think when Safra told you about the 34% year-on-year SaaS, PaaS revenue growth, that was 12% sequential growth and almost entirely organic. We talked about billings growth of 70% now faster than Saleforce or Workday. Bookings at 426 million was 200% plus growth for Q4.  Let me give you some customer numbers. We added 1217 SaaS customers in the quarter, new. 760 customers expanded. By pillar, HCM added 312 new customers in the quarter, 933 for the year, 3 times Workday’s total customer growth over the last four quarters.  In customer experience, we added 657 customers in Q4, almost 1900 for the year. In ERP, we added 380 customers in Q4 and 888 for the year. Our installed base is now almost 1100 ERP customers in the cloud, nearly 10X the size of Workday. And let me add, we really never see SAP.  In PaaS, we added 1419 customers in Q4. Let me just repeat. That was 1419 customers in one quarter. We booked over 100 million and grew 100% sequentially. We are now at scale. Our cloud revenue is already above a $2.3 billion run rate. We added 858 million in ARR this year – 858 million. Using the conversion that Safra used a little while ago, that would be almost 2.5 billion in license and we expect to sell between 1.5 billion and 2 billion in ARR next year. We are now growing faster than both Salesforce and Workday. And we expect revenue growth next year could be as high in SaaS, PaaS as 60%.  Now I have given you a lot of numbers to reflect on but when you look at customer counts, booking, revenue, the result is the same. We are doing what you very rarely ever see happen in our industry. We are getting bigger and our growth rate is expanding. We will be the world’s largest enterprise cloud company.  With that, let me turn it over to Larry.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Well, Mark gave you a lot of interesting numbers and I’d like to drill into a couple of them.  First, I’d like to look at our sales growth rate of cloud applications, SaaS and platform services, PaaS. I am intentionally leaving out our cloud infrastructure business, so I can do an apples to apples comparison with Saleforce.com which does not sell infrastructure as a service.  Okay. Last year, in FY’15 as Mark just said, we sold $858 million of new SaaS and PaaS business. About half of that, $426 million was sold in Q4. That’s a year-over-year Q4 sales growth rate of over 200%. More importantly, the $426 million is more SaaS and PaaS new business that has ever been sold by any cloud services company in a single quarter, it’s a record. Clearly our cloud business has entered a hyper growth phase.  This year, in FY’16, we plan on selling between $1.5 billion and $2 billion of new SaaS and PaaS business. In other words, we plan to sell at least twice as much as we sold last year. And that’s at least 50% more new business than Salesforce.com will sell in their current fiscal year. And if we exceed our plan like we did this Q4, we could book twice as much new business as Saleforce.com. Now I don’t think that’s likely that we will sell double what Saleforce.com sells. But it’s definitely possible.  Second, let’s look at the impact these record sales rates have on SaaS and PaaS revenue. In Q4 of FY’15, our SaaS and PaaS revenue grew 35% in constant currency. Because our cloud sales has dramatically accelerated our SaaS and PaaS revenues are planned to grow at 60% in FY’16 unaided by any new acquisition. So our cloud service – our cloud business, is much bigger than Workday and we will grow faster than Workday will this year.  Our cloud SaaS and PaaS revenue is still second to Salesforce.com but we are growing much much faster than they are. So it won’t be long before we pass them.  How and why is this happening? Our SaaS growth is due to the rapid acceptance of our new generation of Fusion application. We now have over 1000 Fusion ERP customers, around 10 times more than Workday. Mark said that once, I am going to say it twice. Around 10 times more than Workday.  Workday says they never see SAP in the cloud ERP market. That’s the one thing Oracle and Workday agree on. It’s between us, Oracle and Workday in the mid market and high end, the cloud ERP market and we are winning big time. We are the clear number one in cloud ERP and we are number one or number two in most other SaaS categories, including HCM, sales, service, marketing, EPM, supply chain and so on. We have a lot more SaaS application than any other enterprise SaaS company.  Our PaaS growth is due to the huge pent-up demand for the Oracle database and Java middleware as a service. Our customers can now move their Oracle databases and Java applications to the cloud with the push of a button. That’s why our PaaS business is growing even faster than our SaaS business. Things are good for Oracle in the cloud.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Before we go to the Q&A, Holly, we have just one quick clarification. Share repurchases in Q4 were 46 million shares. With that I will turn it over to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo. 
Jason Maynard : Hey, good afternoon guys. Look, Oracle wasn’t the first and won’t be the last software company to go through this shift from selling upfront perpetual to ratable subscription licensing. And so the metrics that we are used to are obviously changing and you guys gave a lot of color around the current quarter. And what I hope – maybe we could do is drill down a little bit more on the longer term impact of the model and customer lifetime value. And I know your 10-year example, you generate more revenue with subscription. Can you guys talk a little bit about what you think the ballpark breakeven point is on a hypothetical deal, what happens to margins over this time and ultimately how this is going to impact cash flow?
Larry Ellison: I will repeat what Safra said. Okay, let’s take a $1 million deal. If it’s licensed over a 10-year period, you have a $1 million upfront of a license and you get 20% a year for 10 years, and that is up another $2 million for over 10 year period, you get a total of $3 million, and that’s after the cost of sales, it’s very profitable business. Most of that 3 million you get after the cost of sales is profit. And a $1 million SaaS or PaaS deal, you don’t get anything upfront. But you have to pay the commissions. And then you only get – and that $1 million deal is worth $10 million or more than 3 times as much as the license deal over a 10-year period, over triple the value. But the accounting is entirely different. The accounting you take it ratably over that 10-year period. You have to pay the commissions upfront and recognize expenses as upfront and you get 10 years, okay.  So now what’s the profitability on SaaS and PaaS? It’s – this is going to shock you. It’s about the same as license and support. It’s stunningly profitable. Infrastructure as a service is very different. Again I am talking about SaaS and PaaS. Infrastructure as a service, the margins aren’t nearly so high. So we make money in infrastructure as a service. You can see what Amazon’s profit margins are on infrastructure as a service. We think it can be a profitable business when you get scale. But SaaS and PaaS is very similar to license. So that $1 million which turned into something less than 3 million in profit after you get the scale in license, turns into something less than $10 million in profit, say 9 million in profit over the 10-year period that you are providing the service. So it’s a much better business for us in terms of revenue – the revenue goes way up, the profits go way up, and the margins are approximately the same. 
Safra Catz: I think we have a huge advantage, Jason, that some of our competitors don’t have. We make most of the components for the cloud service ourselves. 
Larry Ellison: Yes. Again, Salesforce paid us a lot of money for their platform. They buy Exadata from us to run their data center. They buy the Oracle database. They paid a lot of money for the Oracle database. So yes, by the way, we just signed an Oracle database deal, so SAP could run concurrent. We signed an Oracle database deal – this is all in the last 12 months, so SAP can run Ariba. We signed an Oracle database deal, so SAP could run SuccessFactors. We get a really good deal on the Oracle database, on Java middleware, on Exadata, and all of those things. So our expense profile is very, very different. By the way, it’s interesting, SAP does not use HANA in the cloud very much. I know that because they keep paying us, again this quarter they paid us for Oracle [Perfect and Concur] [ph] and Oracle for Ariba and Oracle for SuccessFactors. They are using HANA for anything, I don’t know about it. 
Mark Hurd: Jason, just to add – think that as you talked about the conversion from license to ratable I gave this out last quarter but I will give it again for this quarter. Last quarter I think I said that 82% of our cloud SaaS deals were actually not Oracle customers of an application when they acquired or contracted for a SaaS application. This quarter it was over 60. So these are – this is not just the conversion of Oracle customers, Oracle application customers to SaaS, this is a lot of greenfield new market share for Oracle as well. 
Jason Maynard : Great. No I appreciate the commentary. Thanks guys.
Larry Ellison: Again to follow up to what Mark just said, so the SaaS market is much bigger than the license market. I think as Mark is saying, we know much further down the market, get the customers we could never get to before, because the SaaS service is much easier to consume for a mid-sized company than buying a computer, or opening a data center, hiring a bunch of people and running licensed software. So we think the available market is dramatically large. 
Mark Hurd: Yes, the global mid market is now available to us unlike it would have been in the traditional license model and it’s very exciting. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits : Hi guys, good afternoon. Wanted to drill down on the cloud numbers and especially how they stood up probably to license. [The license] [ph] miss in the quarter as consensus by about 273, obviously that’s very much due to that shift over to cloud in terms of accounting structure, terms structure. Is that all due to that or is there some impact anything negative that we should read fundamentally into the license miss and either database apps or middleware?
Safra Catz: So first of all, I didn’t give guidance regarding license. So whatever number you put in your spread sheet, we didn’t make that number, okay. 
Michael Turits : No, I just meant relative to consensus. That’s all.
Safra Catz: Okay. Relative to all of you who have a lot of spreadsheets, so however, the reality is I think that you can see the most instruction from what happened in Europe. Our Europe new license was down a lot. Our Europe cloud was huge. So it was -- for them they focused all-in, they went all in on pushing cloud and that’s where the focus went. Other than that, I think if we are going to talk about spreadsheets that I did not actually guide you to, in currency I think you all missed the boat there too a bit. But that’s okay. We got another quarter now and – but the truth is that yes, our customers are focusing on cloud as are our sales force. We have a lot of references and when a customer comes to us to the extent that they are a good candidate for cloud, which they are, we are going to be talking about cloud, we are going to be selling cloud and we would much rather have a cloud booking for, as I said, for $1 million than we would for a license deal which I book all the way right upfront to the bottom line, we would much rather have a cloud booking for $1 million than a new license dollar and we are pushing that conversion quickly.
Mark Hurd: Just to add little bit more. No region missed its CD forecast with the exception of Europe. So just to be clear, CD forecast that you are – when you are talking about dollars from a CD perspective, every region executed as we expected in license with the exception of Europe. Europe had a phenomenal cloud quarter inclusive of probably one of the most exciting financials in the cloud deal we have seen at HSBC. So some very exciting transactions in Europe and they definitely made the shift but to whatever you have in your numbers, on a local basis, no region missed its CD forecast in license with the exception of Europe that had a material shift to the cloud in the quarter, including some pretty exciting deals like what I just described. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini : Great, thank you. And Safra, I know our spreadsheets are nowhere near as good as yours are. But just to follow up a little bit. Q4 used to be – you’d always characterize as Mardi Gras for Oracle from a license revenue perspective, and now that this transition seems to be happening so swiftly, and Q1 you would always have this big sequential drop-off. I know you don’t specifically talk about license revenue but given we are all trying to get a hang of how to think about the company’s seasonality going forward, should we think about Q4 – the dynamic for Q4 seasonality is going to become a little bit more muted, continue to become more muted as you have this success transitioning but then again Q1 which used to be a quarter where license revenue used to have such a big sequential decline, maybe Q1 gets a little bit easier. Is there any way you can help us think about the seasonal changes? 
Safra Catz: Yes. You are on it. Yes, Heather, you have got it actually exactly nailed correctly. The reality is that cloud is growing sequentially generally regardless. So Q1 in revenues, Q1 cloud is not going to be a giant drop-off from Q4, I know. My team here is telling me it’s going up. I just gave the guidance. So yes, so Heather, you have that right. So the seasonality for the whole company is muted. It is still true that from a bookings point of view and things like that, Q4 is Mardi Gras and it’s still Mardi Gras. But revenue smoothes out. New license which was always just so enormous in Q4 takes a dry and drop-off, it becomes less and less important. So in total revenue the seasonality smoothes out a bit, and – but of course, our new license numbers are still very big numbers but in Q1 they are a much smaller percentage of the total than they are in Q4.
Mark Hurd: I do think it’s worth nothing, Heather, that in Q4 for us on a cloud bookings basis, we came in with a forecast that we had which was what we talked about at the end of Q3 with the conference call and every week this forecast got better. Every week. There was not a single – I gave an example of one deal but there is no gargantuan transaction in there. There is no dominant region, there is no dominant pillar, it is consistent by pillar, by geography, and it was a very consistent steady move every week as we advanced through Q4.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan : Hey guys, I am not going to ask you a spreadsheet question but I want to ask about databases. Any commentary on the new license sales of database, directionally how it’s trending and also an update on 12c adoption, what percentage of the base is on 12c and any quantification you can provide on the options, that will be good. Thank you.
Mark Hurd: 12c was good in the quarter. I think we gave you a comparison last quarter but if we compare it to 11, we’ve been about 50% faster in feature adoptions of 12c than we were at 11, so it was very strong. And if you went by region, you saw a tremendous performance in database in North America, even in license. And you saw that really consistently across the regions except for the shift that we saw in Europe but the adoption speed of 12c was quite strong in the quarter as it was in Q3. 
Larry Ellison: Kash, let me give you a little kind of an interesting commentary, I think, on the relationship between PaaS and database adoption on-premise. We are the only company that says, hey, you should – what you run in the cloud and what you run on premise should be compatible so that you can push a button and move a workload from your private cloud to the Oracle public cloud and back again or you can do development test in the public cloud and do production in our private cloud on premise if you want to. So that has – we think over time that’s going to dramatically accelerate the adoption of features – certain features of our database on premise, because they are getting those features in the cloud. They are getting multi-tenancy in the cloud. They are getting the in-memory database features in the cloud and they'll want to have an exact analog in their private cloud on premise. So I think that’s going to actually help keeping our customers current with the latest features of database. 
Kash Rangan : Wonderful. Safra, any commentary on the license growth rate for databases?
Safra Catz: Well, I want to talk to you actually about the options that did best. As you would expect, everything around security many of our customers are realizing the security options that we have which are really, very, very critical, obviously cyber attacks and all those things and also inside threats or something they are finally really focused on and so database security options were up very significantly like around 30%, that kind of level. And many of our customers are looking now at the multi-tenant option which is available with our newest products and that is doing very well. That means that our customers are moving even themselves into their own private cloud to manage more efficiently. So that is very, very good for us this year – this quarter.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci : I guess we understand and appreciate the emphasis here on the cloud business. But I’d like to ask a question on what I guess is still the overwhelming majority of your revenue today. And that’s – I am talking about the on-premise software business. How should we be thinking about your enterprise customer base, what is their behavior like and what do you think it’s going to be moving forward from here? I mean in the past I think we heard both Safra and Mark talk about the sustainability of the Siebel maintenance stream. I guess as enterprises move to the cloud, is this move largely the – as your customers and I know, Mark, you sort of addressed this a little bit. But are they – are your customers largely replacing on-premise technology or is it primarily for new implementations today and into the future? I am sorry for the long question but I guess what I am trying to get to is how should we think about the current support steam from that on-premise software, the current support and maintenance into the future?
Safra Catz: So firstly, it’s very important that you understand our support base continues to grow. When we sell new licenses at all, any new license, that increases our base. We do continue to sell billions of dollars of new licenses. Our renewal rates by the way remain extremely high, very very high, historically high rates. So many of our customers are not necessarily – are not cancelling support and moving everything to the cloud overnight. They are adding cloud capabilities. What would happen invariably is even when they add something in the cloud that they did on premise, they have other uses for many of our licenses that they’ve had before. We would like them over time frankly if we had our way to move everything to the cloud, that would mean probably revenue rates of significantly larger than we are now. But our customers, our base continues to grow – our customer base continues to grow and our support numbers continue to go up, up obviously 8% just this quarter. 
Mark Hurd: Yes, I think, what Safra said is right. 8% CD growth for the quarter, renewal rates were very strong again, if you will, flat year over year, meaning they were very, very very good. And again I’ll try to go through this again, so to be clear. Most of the new things that we sold or most of what we sold in the cloud was incremental in terms of certainly SaaS applications. So I think again the way to think through this is you are going to have a very large on-premise environment, I think, for a long period of time but workloads are shifting to the cloud, and that is an opportunity for us as we maintain our on-prem base but frankly grow our market share through this shift of the cloud and we can see it. And it’s exciting. Remember, John, too, when we win a SaaS application, we gain all the hardware, all the operating systems, all the database and all the middleware. When we gain PaaS, we get all the database, all the operating system and all the hardware as well. So I think you are going to see on-prem, I think our position on-premise is actually strengthening on a relative basis to what’s in the market and we are now growing faster with these numbers and I don’t know how many ways to go through these numbers to show the market share we are gaining and the speed by which we are accelerating our market position in the cloud. And I think we had a chance to get both. 
Larry Ellison: Let me just add – summarize what Mark said. Our support base, our install base on-premise is going up 8% and will continue to go up. While our cloud business is experiencing hyper growth 50% of revenue growth, 50% revenue growth, may be more than that. 
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. 
Brent Thill : Safra, in Q4 did you see a greater percentage of deals in the pipeline that maybe more forecast to go as a perpetual license that meant to shift to a cloud model and therefore that was the weight on the license I think relative to what we all were looking for that, there was a big delta there and just curious if you have any commentary. And then maybe for Mark, as it relates to similar cloud initial deal sizes and duration of these contracts, if you could, maybe point to what you are seeing in terms of some of the contract values that you are seeing throughout the year and any changing characteristics that would be helpful?
Safra Catz: No, that isn’t how it works. It’s not that – by the time a deal itself is actually listed in the forecast it’s already qualified as to what it’s going to be. The reality is that conversion rates move in the cloud were very very very high and they are – to some extent took – was a big focus, that is what we push in the forecast call every week, that’s what we are talking about all the time and that’s what was very clear. In the forecast overall there were many many different shape deals and types of deals and what exactly will close in the quarter, I never know. I have to use my own conversion and closing historical rate. This quarter showed a marked move towards converting the cloud deals. Those did very well. They far exceeded where we thought they would go. So that’s how it worked out. Obviously it doesn’t show up in the revenues because we don’t book them upfront like license does. 
Larry Ellison: To your second question, productivity and ASP, your point about pricing both inclined, so our productivity per rep and our average deal size in cloud went up in the quarter, it went up a bit sequentially as well as it went up year over year. There isn’t another dynamic that when you look at our cloud business, you’ve got several factors going on, Brent. You’ve got one, frankly, the products are just better. They are just getting better and the more mature our sales people, we have more of them and they have longer tenure. They are also simply better trained than they were just even a year or two years ago. And so the combination of this is what’s driven the performance in the cloud. And make no mistake about it. There is a keen sales focus on growing our cloud business. Our cloud business is important for all of the regions that we’ve already talked through. Now one other point that we haven’t brought up that I think I’d add to is when you look at where we are heading with the cloud, we are going into a year now where we now get frankly more of our portfolio available at the cloud. So we’ve done just what we descried in Q4 which are these numbers that everybody is all excited about. Frankly, with not our entire product line available to us in the cloud. And not even all of the products that we have localized to all of our geographies. So you have a set of factors occurring next fiscal year this coming, the year we are in, where now we have get more salespeople with more tenure, with more references, with now more of our products in line, online if you will in more geographies. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow : Two quick ones. First, Safra, if I look at sales and marketing, they came in a little bit higher than we had expected. Can you talk a little bit about the dynamics there? Are you actually paying out more on cloud provisions et cetera or is it just that Q4 actually was very successful and we can’t see it in revenue because it was sold on cloud? And the other question on PaaS, what are the use cases that you see on PaaS, is it all test and development or are people actually putting software as the production workloads over on to your cloud already?
Safra Catz: So what you are seeing in the sales and marketing percentage is that again, since we are not recognizing the revenue upfront like with license, though we have commissions and things like that with cloud, there is also additional sales expenses that are recognized immediately but they don’t have the corresponding revenue like new license does. So you are just seeing timing differences more than anything else, and that’s impacting a number of our ratios, put that way. 
Mark Hurd: In PaaS, we have a number of things going on. Yes, your point about dev test is correct, there is a lot of dev test use cases for PaaS. But there is more going on in PaaS than just database, service and just dev test. We have released our first – really BI solution into the market which is now – digital analyser which now goes head up against [TapWall]. And we had good success with that product in Q4. So again our competitors are shifting now as opposed to in BI on premise where we would have competed with Cognos or Business Objects. We now compete with [TapWall] and that’s in our PaaS results that we’ve described, also Java as a service was strong in the quarter. The collection of those services were 30%, 40% of our PaaS bookings and yes, dev test other than that, dev test is certainly a very big use case for our customers. 
Operator: Your last question will come from the line of Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow : I think we’ve had a lot on the software side of the business and cloud but we haven’t really touched on hardware much. You guys came in actually a little bit above the midpoint of your constant currency guidance on hardware this quarter. Just wondered if you could comment on the trends you are seeing there, engineered systems versus the non-engineered business. And Safra, I know you didn’t give a specific guidance for the hardware business but how are you guys thinking about that going forward?
Mark Hurd: Engineered systems bookings grew double digits in the quarter, very strong, we had over 15, I am doing the stuff – 1500, 1600 incremental systems in the quarter. So very strong in engineered systems as we had very strong growth in North America, very good performance out of one of our Oracle database appliance products. So SuperCluster was very strong in the quarter. We grew in storage in the quarter and this is -- really we are going through a shift in storage now. We released our SAN product FS1 in the quarter which saw some bookings. This is really the first quarter we got any bookings out of FS1 or GFS product, somebody’s renamed that but I haven’t recently – BS1. I wish they wouldn’t do that to me but so they renamed BS1 – so I missed the – but anyway so we had good growth in PaaS – as well. But – and then we have sort of server performance that was declines in the quarter and then the growth in the other products that I have described netted to the growth rate that we described. I mean let’s face it, we are the only hardware company growing in the industry. So when you look at the market share numbers, they sort of get to be staggering. We’ve taken over the – and this is not a question you asked but I am going to say it anyway. In the United States when you look at servers above $15000, the number one company in market share now is Oracle. I believe that will occur region by region by region because of the strength of not just our hardware product line but our software portfolio with it. So it was a good quarter for us in hardware and I would expect that trend to continue.  Very similar to John’s question, I don’t think we are telling you that there isn’t a non-premise market. Please don’t take that message when we described. But I think the fact that you can take a workload from your on premise data center and now move it seamlessly to the cloud and back and forth to a data center gives us a tremendous advantage. The configuration we have in the cloud, the configuration we have on premise now can be identical. If they were to move workloads back and forth, use that on our hardware in your data center, use that on the very same hardware perhaps in the cloud. We are the only company in the industry that can do this. And so I think this bodes very well for our hardware business, granted in a declining market. But I believe Oracle will gain market share in the declining market. End of Q&A
Ken Bond: Thank you, Phil. A telephonic replay of this call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Once again we’d like to thank you for your participation on today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-03-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Bond - Vice President-Investor Relations Safra Ada Catz - Chief Executive Officer Mark V. Hurd - Chief Executive Officer Lawrence J. Ellison - Executive Chairman & Chief Technology Officer
Analysts: Jason A. Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brad R. Reback - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Richard Sherlund - Nomura Securities International, Inc. S. Kirk Materne - Evercore Partners, Inc. (Broker) Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal 2015 earnings Call. As reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Kenneth Bond - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2015 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Executive Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Ada Catz - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Ken. I'm going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q3. I'll then review guidance for Q4 and then turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. As you can imagine, we are very, very pleased with our results, as software and cloud, cloud SaaS and PaaS, total hardware, total revenue and earnings per share were all above the midpoint of my CD [Constant Dollar] guidance. As you probably remember, I didn't provide U.S. dollar guidance for Q3, given the unusually high volatility in exchange rates. The currency headwind ended up being 6% for software and cloud revenues as well as total revenue, 7% for total hardware revenue, and $0.06 a share – and $0.06 for earnings per share. Currencies continue to move significantly so my comments today generally reflect constant dollar growth rates, which is how we look at the business. Cloud SaaS, and PaaS revenue was $375 million, up 33% from last year. Bookings were again over 100%, adding to the momentum, which is helping drive SaaS, PaaS revenue growth. Now when bookings turn into revenue depends on many factors, but one thing is clear, our momentum in Cloud bodes very, very well for the future. Cloud infrastructure as a service revenue was $155 million, up 32%. Overall, our Cloud results were much, much better than expected as we are clearly growing faster than Salesforce. We're more than three times the size of Workday now. Software and Cloud revenues were $7.2 billion, up 7% from last year. Software updates and product support revenues drove nearly half of total company revenue at $4.7 billion, up 8% from last year. Attach and renewal rates remain at their usual high levels as our growing install base of customers continues to power earnings and cash flow. New software license revenue was $2 billion while we continued to enable our customers with their ongoing transition to Cloud. Looking at GAAP Software and Cloud results by region, the Americas grew 7%, EMEA grew 9% and Asia-Pacific grew 4%. Total hardware including hardware support grew 5% with hardware system product revenue of $712 million and hardware support revenue of $587 million. Engineered Systems saw double-digit revenue growth on the strength of our product portfolio. Obviously, we continue to gain share against IBM and HP, whose high-end server businesses continue their decline. For the company, total revenue for the quarter was $9.3 billion, up 6% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.2 billion, up 4% from last year, and the operating margin was 46% in constant currency. That we are able to maintain our industry-leading operating margin while growing our Cloud business more than 30% is a testimony to the strength of our business model. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 22.7%, and EPS was $0.68 in U.S. dollars, growing 9% in constant currency. The GAAP tax rate was 20.8%, and GAAP EPS was $0.56 in U.S. dollars. As I mentioned earlier, but for the currency moves, EPS would have been $0.06 higher. Free cash flow over the last four quarters was $14.5 billion. Capital expenditures continue to be a bit higher as we position cloud orders and build out for the enormous fourth quarter SaaS and PaaS growth we anticipate. Just to put it into perspective, when you compare the same nine months last year to the nine months, the first nine months of the year this year, our capital expenditure is up about $350 million. That's all. We now have over $43 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt, our cash position is approximately $11.5 billion. The short-term deferred revenue balance is $6.4 billion, down slightly due to currency, but in constant dollars, it actually grew 6%. Within short-term deferred revenue is $321 million for SaaS, PaaS and IaaS Cloud services. As we've said before, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt, and a dividend. In terms of acquisitions, we continue to focus on finding the right companies at the right valuation, as both are critically important. This quarter, we repurchased 46.1 million shares for a total of $2 billion. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased nearly 200 million shares for a total of $8.1 billion and we've paid out dividends of $2.1 billion for a total that is more than 75% of our free cash flow. And the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 25% today from $0.12 to $0.15 per share. Now to the guidance. First of all, given the continued high volatility in exchange rates, we expect currency will affect results, but as we just don't know how much, I'm going to again provide constant currency guidance only. Secondly, our customers are clearly embracing Oracle PaaS faster than we expected, which is actually great for us. Just to give you a little bit of insight on how we look at the business, for every $1 million of license we sell, we expect to collect another $1 million from support over five years for a total of $2 million, while for every $1 million of PaaS we sell, we actually expect to collect $5 million over five years. That's what we're looking at in our business, and though it may have some short-term effect, it's actually already showing up in the revenues. So there we go. SaaS and PaaS on a non-GAAP basis is expected to grow 26% to 30%. On a GAAP basis, SaaS and PaaS revenue is expected to grow 27% to 31%. Cloud IaaS on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to grow 29% to 33%. Software and Cloud revenue on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis including SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, new software license, and software support is expected to grow 2% to 6%. Hardware systems revenue on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, which includes hardware system products and hardware system support is expected to be between negative 2% and positive 8%. Total revenue on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 1% to 6%. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.90 and $0.96 in constant currency. GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.76 and $0.82 in constant currency. And again, all of my guidance today is in constant currency and assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 24% and a GAAP tax rate of 23%. Of course, it may end up being different, but that's what we have got in our model right now. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark V. Hurd - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Safra. As usual, I'll try to give you some numbers behind the numbers. I think overall a very solid quarter for Oracle and a great Cloud quarter for Oracle. As Safra did, I'll give you numbers in CD. SaaS, PaaS revenue grew 33%. Bookings ARR grew 130%, double last year, and up double digits sequentially. Fusion bookings ERP, HCM and SFA all grew triple digits. Fusion bookings have grown more than 200% every quarter this year. We added 800 brand-new SaaS customers, nearly 800. Nearly 530 existing customers expanded their cloud services in the quarter; in HCM, 220 new customers; in customer experience, 407 new customers; in ERP, 160 new customers. ERP SaaS install base is multiple the size of Workday. We're adding customers at more than 10x the rate of Workday. Less than 25% of our ERP SaaS wins involve any on premise Oracle ERP customer, meaning that over 75% are net new to Oracle. I would give you a stat on SAP, but we never see them in cloud ERP. PaaS, more than 400 new PaaS customers in the quarter. Bookings up 200% sequentially. Q4 in PaaS is going to be very big. Premise software grew 6%. We expect continued growth. Engineered systems grew 15% in the quarter. We sold more than 1,000 systems, including over 500 Exadata units booked. Given competitor results, we're taking huge market share. Oracle will be the leader in high-end servers this year. And wrapping up, our cloud revenue is already above a $2 billion run rate, our SaaS/PaaS pipeline is already large and growing rapidly, and it's growing faster than what you're seeing in the bookings, that being the pipeline. We now expect Q4 bookings of $300 million, $50 million higher than before. We also expect FY 2015 bookings growth to be greater than 100%. You probably remember when Larry actually gave 50% growth in bookings as guidance at Financial Analyst Meeting, and we're going to double that number. Clearly, the migration to cloud is happening faster than we expected, and to Safra's point, that's great news for Oracle. It's great news for our customers and great news for our investors. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Larry.
Lawrence J. Ellison - Executive Chairman & Chief Technology Officer: Thank you, Mark. This quarter Oracle sold cloud ERP systems to 160 new customers. That's more ERP customers than Workday has acquired in all the years they've been in the cloud business. Not one of our 160 cloud ERP deals was competitive with SAP. As Mark said, we just don't see them in the market. By the end of this quarter, Oracle will have sold over 1,000 cloud ERP systems. We are on our way to building the largest ERP business in the cloud. Oracle now has a cloud revenue run rate of well over $2 billion a year. We're already the world's second-largest SaaS and PaaS company. On our last quarterly conference call, I predicted that in our fiscal year 2016 Oracle would likely sell more SaaS and PaaS new business than Salesforce.com. Well, I was way too cautious. Sorry, I'm just checking my notes here. Did I lose the call for second?
Safra Ada Catz - Chief Executive Officer: No. You're here.
Mark V. Hurd - Chief Executive Officer: You're good.
Lawrence J. Ellison - Executive Chairman & Chief Technology Officer: Okay. Let me just back up one second, and I think this is important. On our last quarterly conference call, I predicted that in our fiscal year 2016 Oracle would likely sell more SaaS and PaaS new business than Salesforce.com. I was way too cautious and conservative. Our cloud business is growing a lot faster than even I expected. Our cloud bookings are now growing at over 100% per year, so I'd like to revise my prediction. I now believe that Oracle will sell more new SaaS and PaaS business than Salesforce.com in this current calendar year, 2015. It's going to be close, but I think we're going to sell more in the cloud than they do this year. I suspect that might come as a big surprise to a lot of people out there. You won't have to wait very long to find out who's going to win this. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator.
Kenneth Bond - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, we'll go ahead and begin the Q&A portion of the call now, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question will come from Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason A. Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, everybody. I actually wanted ask Larry a couple questions about the database business. First off, Larry, I would love if we could get a little bit of insight on 12c adoption. The second thing is I'd like to talk a little bit about some the use cases driving the PaaS growth? And if you can indulge me, maybe the last question is I'd be remiss not to ask for a competitive assessment of S/4HANA from SAP. Thanks.
Lawrence J. Ellison - Executive Chairman & Chief Technology Officer: Okay. Well, let's start with the 12c adoption rates. The most important new feature we probably put in the database and sometimes in terms of customer enthusiasm is our in-memory database feature. And that, along with the multi-tenancy feature, are the two pieces that are really driving 12c adoption to higher rates than anything we've seen in about – for a very, very long time. So I think people are moving very quickly. Again, it takes years for people to move to the next version of the database. People are very cautious but they're moving more quickly than historical precedent to adopt 12c, for two big reasons. One is multi-tenancy and the other is our in-memory database option. So that's going exceptionally well. The use cases that are spurring adoption of Oracle, the Oracle database in the Cloud is the very simple fact you can take any workload, any database that you currently have running in your data center and move your database with the push of a button and move your application with the push of a button and run it in the Oracle Cloud. Nobody else can do that. If you look at the other PaaS vendors, or the second-biggest PaaS vendor, or, well, actually maybe they're the biggest PaaS vendor still. I'm not sure they breakout their number. Salesforce.com PaaS is based on proprietary technology that allows you to send salesforce.com applications. Our PaaS, our cloud platform as a service is based on two products: Java, the world's most popular programming language and an industry-standard, and the Oracle database, the world's most popular relational database and an industry-standard. We have enormous on premise usage, both Java and the Oracle database. And now people don't have to decide where they're going to run things. They can do tests and development in the Oracle Cloud and run production in on-premise. And then they can decide if they need more capacity, they can go from on-premise into the Cloud and back to on-premise. We're the only ones that allow you to move data and workload back and forth between the Cloud and on-premise. That's the primary use case we think that's going to drive Oracle PaaS to be the number one PaaS in the cloud very, very quickly. The third question is – as for HANA in the cloud, well, very simply, and I talked to a lot of people at SAP actually about S/4HANA in the cloud and people who have recently been at SAP. And you've got to understand one thing, this is the same old SAP. This is all written in ABAP. There's 30-year-old code in S/4 business suite. There is nothing new about this. They're simply hosting it on someone else's computer. I also can't find a website where you log on and try it. Everyone else lets you log on – you know, let's you log on, you go to a website if you want to buy our stuff, you want by SaaS, you want to buy PaaS, you go to the website, you get provisioned, and you go. Not so with SAP. This is 30-year-old code renamed S/4HANA. Now they did add a new user interface called Fiori to the old code but that's all they did. They did add another database that they support. They now support in addition to Oracle and Sybase and IBM DB2 and Microsoft SQL Server, they also support HANA. That's it. They've added one new database, they've added a more modern UI, all the old code in the middle is written in ABAP. Ask them. It's written in ABAP. It's 30 years old. We don't see them as a Cloud competitor. We actually almost never talk about them except when we get a question on the call. That's it.
Kenneth Bond - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: All right. And your next question will come from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Great. Thank you for the question. I actually had two of them. I wanted to know if you all could discuss, I think you mentioned it a little bit but go into a little bit more detail about how you're seeing the competitive environment changing versus salesforce.com and Workday, kind of what you've noticed over the last even three to six months. And then, Safra, I might've missed it, I apologize, but could you talk about your support growth in constant currency, please? I think I might have missed the number.
Safra Ada Catz - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. How about, Mark, you do...
Mark V. Hurd - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I will start on the competitive environment. I would say that the competitive environment with Workday is different in HR than in ERP, EPM. In ERP, EPM our position is extremely strong. I would not call Workday competitive in that market at all. So let's put that aside. In the context of HCM, I think with each subsequent release of HCM, whether it had been release 7, release 8, release 9, and now release 10, we have simply engineered now a better product than Workday. And so I think, from an HCM perspective, head-to-head, they are in the United States, some strong fights. I think as our awareness, the education of our sales force and our references have gotten better, we now win more than half the deals in the United States. Outside the United States, our win rate goes up actually exponentially because of the breadth of our distribution in those markets. So that is sort of how I would characterize Workday. Also, any deal that comes up that's multi-pillar, so in many cases you wind up with an ERP competitive environment that then actually many times can drag in HR, and so we think competitively, Heather, the fact that we have ERP and EPM in the cloud, in SaaS with a strong lead, also benefits our HCM business as well. So out engineering, out distributed in almost all the world, as I've described big lead in ERP, EPM where I would not describe Workday as extremely competitive. Salesforce, I think perhaps different. Salesforce is clearly the incumbent in most accounts, not Oracle. We are, frankly, the guy coming up with a challenger capability, and we now bring a suite of capability with marketing in addition to sales automation. And we do a lot of things that they don't do. We really come to the customer with a different approach. As opposed to trying to help the customer basically report what the sales force is bidding on, we actually come to market trying to help the sales force, being our customers' sales forces, sell more stuff all the way from automating a marketing campaign to the actual process by which they communicate to the customer, get information about the customer, and actually go through a whole engineering selling process with the customer. And this is proven, you've heard it with our numbers. Our sales automation solutions in the quarter were superb. Marketing had a fantastic quarter. We are the leader in marketing. We are challenging very aggressively in sales automation, and we expect to give them a run for their money in every sales automation deal in the planet, but our differentiation, Heather, comes from bringing a suite of capability to help the sales – or our customers' sales organizations sell.
Safra Ada Catz - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. And Heather, as far sequential growth in support, in constant currency it's up sequentially between 1% and 2%. The only change you see in the tables is as a result of currency. So sequentially up in software license updates and product support.
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. Thank you very much.
Kenneth Bond - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brad Reback with Stifel Nicolaus.
Brad R. Reback - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Oh, hi. Thanks. Sorry about that. Just one quick question, Safra. Can you give us a sense of what the FX impact was on cash flow in the quarter?
Safra Ada Catz - Chief Executive Officer: So about – it was – well, about half of the decline in cash flow, a little bit more, I think, was actually entirely currency. And a little of it, frankly, was tax payments that under circumstances in some jurisdictions where you pay and then you discuss it. And then a little of it actually ended up being an inventory buildup that we're doing right now, about $100 million of inventory buildup in preparation for all of the engineered systems that go out in Q4. So we do the buildup of the pieces in Q3. So I would say, I know you asked about currency but currency is about half of it.
Brad R. Reback - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hi. Thank you very much. Mark, could you talk about the Engineered Systems business? Certainly growth of 15% is outpacing the market, but how is the split of business between the quarter rack, half rack, full rack, or if you want to look at it based on the products, Exadata, Exalogic, Exalytics, how is that shaping up? Where do you think the mix shift in this business is going to look like in the next 12 months or so? What I'm really trying to get an angle on is can the business get better as a result of greater 12c adoption as well? Thank you.
Mark V. Hurd - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so let me – there were a lot of questions tied up there, so let me try to hit as many as I can. First, I think to your point, when you look at our competitor results in high-end servers, we're gaining a ton of share. So just to make sure – you said growing a bit faster. All of our competitors really in this space are highly negative. And as we've talked about growth was 15% in the quarter, it is spread between, I would say, a solid Exadata quarter all the way around. We grew in Exadata, and this is going against, I know you know this, Kash, fairly tough comparisons with the success of Exadata last year. But we had very strong performance on some of our new engineered systems. So it was pretty well-dispersed. We had strong growth in SuperCluster in the quarter. We had strong growth in our Oracle Database Appliance. We had good growth in our Big Data Appliance, which is our Hadoop Oracle appliance that we brought to market. Our Zero Data, one of my favorite named products that we have in the company, the Zero Data Loss Recovery Appliance, contributed growth in the quarter. So the suite of products that we've brought to market in Engineered Systems as a group had a really strong quarter and while some of the numbers are small coming off of a baseline, they all contributed and they are all growing and in aggregate, we grew 15%. So I think our pipelines are up overall, and so we feel great about the quarter Engineered Systems delivered and great about our pipeline.
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: And the hardware refresh as it relates to 12c mainstream adoption, could you get a benefit there?
Mark V. Hurd - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, I think, listen, we've seen a strong uptake of – well I shouldn't say that. Let me say it another way. The beginnings of the uptake of 12c, I believe that also helps, and it also helps in the context of what we see as 12c and the emergence of private clouds that exist within our customers where you see many of these architectural moves to these engineered systems as well.
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Wonderful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rick Sherlund with Nomura.
Richard Sherlund - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks. So, Larry, two questions. First, as we talk to companies that are native to the SaaS market, they indicate that they'll continue to win business because they have an inherent advantage being natively built for the cloud with ease of implementation and ease of use. And I wondered if you could comment on how you think you stack up now and future releases of Fusion, if there's more to be done on that front? And then secondly, you talked about in-memory in...
Lawrence J. Ellison - Executive Chairman & Chief Technology Officer: Can I interrupt you, right, on that one? Was the question, some people are – SaaS – people are saying SAP was natively built for the cloud?
Richard Sherlund - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: No, no. These are the native SaaS companies I'm talking about.
Lawrence J. Ellison - Executive Chairman & Chief Technology Officer: Oh, the native SaaS companies. Okay. I misunderstood. Okay. Got it.
Richard Sherlund - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Yeah.
Lawrence J. Ellison - Executive Chairman & Chief Technology Officer: Okay. Well, let me just answer the first part of your question now. We made a big announcement almost 10 years ago that we were rebuilding all of our applications for the cloud. Now, it wasn't called the cloud 10 years ago, it was called SaaS. But we said that we were rebuilding everything on this thing called Fusion, and networks, were going to rebuild our middleware for the cloud, build our applications on top of our cloud middleware, and change our database for the cloud, make it multi-tenant, make it in-memory, do all of those things. We started a project 10 years ago to rewrite everything. When – Fusion ERP, every single line of code is brand-new. Fusion HCM, every single line of code is brand-new. I can go on and on, but all of these we – they are completely rewritten for the cloud, as is our database, and our database was not completely rewritten, we added specific features to the database to make it work properly in the cloud, the most prominent of which is the multi-tenancy feature. We think we put multi-tenancy at the right level of the stack in the database rather than multi-tenancy in the application which creates real security problems which I'm not going to go into. But we think we have a huge advantage over someone like Workday that doesn't have a database. Workday kind of build their own little database. And that's what you're buying into when you buy Workday. We built our own little database. It's called Oracle. Workday has its own programming technology. We haven't, we used this programming technology called Java. So – and we built everything, everything from scratch, every, I am telling you, every single line of code in Fusion HCM is new for the cloud every single line of code where Fusion ERP is new for the cloud. And those new cloud applications are based on by far the strongest platform. Workday doesn't even have a platform that they sell. They have no platform. They have the platform that they kind of use internally. Salesforce has a platform that we also think is not competitive with our platform. So you have to be very specific as what advantages, what advantages these small companies think they have over us in the Cloud when we have, I think, very clearly, the strongest platform based on industry standards and years and years of experience. We've adapted that for the Cloud. I'll give you an example of how strong our Cloud platform is. Salesforce.com uses our Cloud platform. NetSuite uses our Cloud platform. In fact, every single cloud company of size, the top 10, nine of them use our database in the Cloud. Workday is the only one that doesn't. But tell me again the advantages they think they have?
Richard Sherlund - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Ease of implementation and ease-of-use.
Lawrence J. Ellison - Executive Chairman & Chief Technology Officer: I don't – ease of implement is easy to say, but we're getting our ERP customers – can you tell me, ease of implementation of what? And we think our Cloud ERP is very, is the best-of-breed in Cloud ERP. We think our Cloud HCM is now the best-of-breed in cloud HCM in the areas of user interface, which is usually what the people mean by ease-of-use. Better adaptive technology, which makes the implementation very, very rapid, a very rapid implementation, very low cost implementations we think are competitive with anyone out there. In fact, one of the reasons why our consulting business keeps getting smaller is because our applications implementations take so much less time and effort.
Richard Sherlund - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Larry, the second question was with in-memory capabilities, do you think it's possible that we see a lot more innovation in terms of the type of business processes that we can automate with this next generation of apps in the Cloud?
Lawrence J. Ellison - Executive Chairman & Chief Technology Officer: Well, I think a lot of things that used to take a long time will take less time. So manufacturers will run MRP much faster than they used to. People that used to get reports overnight will get those reports instantaneously so they'll have access to more information. I think there are some very interesting applications in terms of security for immediate detection of intrusion, being able to analyze the data so quickly we actually can do a better job in security, that's one of the big things that we've been working on for some time. I think there are a lot of existing applications that you used to wait overnight for. You'll get that data instantaneously, and then there'll be a host of new applications. But how revolutionary that will be, I think this is going to happen, people will discover these new applications over a fairly long period of time. So as excited as we are about in-memory databases and we have by far the fastest in-memory database in the world. But again, the first benefit is to make the existing apps run much faster. The second benefit, – and that will happen right away. The second benefit will trickle in over the years as smart people discover new ways to build applications they never thought, that just weren't possible before the in-memory database.
Richard Sherlund - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Kenneth Bond - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
S. Kirk Materne - Evercore Partners, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks very much. Mark, just two quick questions. First, I wanted to follow up on your earlier comments regarding the customer experience pillar. Specifically, can you talk about your position today versus 12 months ago in terms of your visibility with actually with the Chief Marketing Officers? Obviously you guys have extremely strong relationships with CIOs, but I'm wondering how your relationships on the marketing side and with the CMOs has changed over the last 12 months. And then secondarily, can you talk about just your industry solution trends and how they're doing and how important having some of that domain expertise is in terms of differentiating you all versus some of your competitors that don't have sort of that deep expertise in certain verticals? Thanks.
Mark V. Hurd - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. And marketing we've obviously made a significant investment between the acquisitions of Responsys and Eloqua respectively were the leader in B2C marketing and B2B marketing. We've added BlueKai. We've added Compendium. We just added a really nice company in Datalogix, and BlueKai and Datalogix with their data capabilities now differentiate us, just not on the marketing automation process and what you do with CMOs in automating that process, but also in the underpinning data sets that CMOs get access to. So we have become the biggest and the most popular in SaaS marketing, and that, frankly, to your point, Kirk, has caused us to now, as we've done with our sales forces, pointed our IE (38:32) sales force directly at a buyer. And that buyer is the CMO. Very similar to what we do in HR where we call in the head of HR, in marketing we call on the head of marketing. And I think the best testimony to our success in our relationships are our numbers. Our growth in marketing in the quarter was over 200%, and when you look at our competitors, whether those be Adobe, the acquisition that Salesforce.com made, you just see that we are simply growing faster and we're taking market share in marketing SaaS. So that's what I would describe in marketing. You had another question. Would you refresh me on what that was?
S. Kirk Materne - Evercore Partners, Inc. (Broker): Oh, sure. Just your industry solutions, just how they are doing and how important that is in terms of differentiating yourselves versus competitors. Thanks.
Mark V. Hurd - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, and they had a – frankly, we've got so much going on in the company, we probably ought to talk about them more. They had a very good quarter in Q3, as they've had over the past several quarters. Obviously, our position in retail was extremely strategic to our customers, and we've now added MICROS, which brought with it a great depth in hospitality and food and beverage. So our retail suite of expertise is not just in general merchandising but across food and beverage and hospitality as well. We had a very strong quarter in banking, and our expertise now in banking, we've grown our sales force, our ability now to help banks in compliance and anti-money laundering, many of the issues that our banking customers are facing today has become a tremendous asset for us. We've had a good quarter, and we continue to have good success in communications. And without going through each one of them, they do give us strong differentiation because when we sell in these industries, we're talking to business buyers. We're talking to retailers, we're talking CEOs, we're talking to head of merchandising, and I think next week Larry and I will be at our conference, our Industry Connect conference, and we'll have roughly 2,000 of our customers there, and they will be business buyers. They will not be what you would think of as typically CIOs. They will be people on the business side and it gives us a reach into our customers that frankly we wouldn't have without the investment we've made in our GBUs.
Kenneth Bond - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: And our final question today will come from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Ross, your line is open.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Can you hear me now?
Operator: Yes. Go ahead, sir.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Mark, I had two quick questions. We've seen two quarters in a row of hardware growth in constant currency and you mentioned double-digit growth in Engineered Systems, but I'm curious on the core M and T server lines and storage and what's happening there and your visibility into the entire hardware bucket growth being sustainable going forward. And then I'd love also your thoughts on large-company appetite to move core ERP to the cloud, especially as we think outside of North America in the international sphere. Thanks.
Mark V. Hurd - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. To your point, Engineered Systems, I already went through it. It is now (42:00) a significant part of our hardware portfolio and grew 15%. M, while down, is a smaller piece of our hardware portfolio, being the M-Series of SPARC. T was down in the quarter, again, all offset by the growth we've seen in engineered systems. Storage grew in the quarter. We had significant, very strong growth in ZFS, if you will, our network attached storage product. That is not a new story, our ZFS growth, and I predict that will continue as we go forward. We have just released a new SAN product, FS1, that came to us through the Pillar acquisition that our engineering team has done a super job for us, and that represents, really, a whole new storage market for us now to go compete head up against EMC. So I believe going forward you will see a continuation of storage growth, the continuation of ZFS along with now FS1, a continued growth in Engineered Systems and we'll continue to push refreshing our SPARC base as we have since we've got – as we go forward. As it relates ERP, and you asked specifically about international markets, I mean, just for example in the quarter, just to give you some flavor for this, we closed ERP SaaS deals at FEMSA in Mexico at Saudi Telecom, at BAE Systems, at Hawaiian Airlines, at KPMG. I mean, these are all certainly very strong brands that are going ERP and ERP in Cloud, at least 75% of what I just named are outside the United States. So we've had very strong – back to just sort of the Cloud context which probably is at the core of question, I think I said a couple of quarters ago, we're just going to get better and better at this. And while the numbers are faster than I predicted and I wish I could've predicted them better two or three quarters ago, our sales force has simply just gotten more productive. They're better educated, with better products, and they now have references in virtually every single discipline and pillar that we sell in almost every country that we sell. And so what's happening is, it's very interesting, we're getting bigger and we're growing faster as we're getting bigger. And it's because of the multitude of these issues that I'm describing that have all now tilted our way after, frankly, 2, 2.5 years of hard work of getting our customers, similar to the last question, who now know their functional buyer. They know the head – the Chief Marketing Officer. They know the Chief Human Resource Officer. Our products have now gotten extremely mature and we've got references, and I think now that we add PaaS to our cloud offerings and I probably should've said this earlier, but I've been doing this a long time, and I've really never seen a pipeline grow as fast as our PaaS pipeline has grown. We've really released this at Oracle OpenWorld in October, and the speed of our pipeline growth, you see it just in the conversion to bookings. I actually, Safra and I get to see it in the benefit of the pipeline and it is just exciting times for Oracle. Back to Ken.
Kenneth Bond - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Mark. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-12-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - IR Safra Catz - Chief Executive Officer Mark Hurd - Chief Executive Officer Lawrence Ellison - Executive Chairman and Chief Technology Officer
Analysts: Richard Sherlund - Nomura Securities Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs John DiFucci - Jefferies & Company Brent Thill - UBS Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's Second Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Call. As a reminder this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd like to now turn the call over to Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle's second quarter fiscal year 2015 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Executive Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and any other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions we will begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks Ken. I am going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q2. I'll then review guidance for Q3, and turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. Clearly we are very pleased with our results as hardware and total revenue were both above my CD guidance while total software was up at the high end. Cloud grew 47% on premise software license and support grew 6%, hardware systems grew 4% and total revenue grew 7% in constant currency. The as-reported numbers were heavily impacted by the strengthening of the US dollar in comparison to other currencies. Total revenue saw a 4% currency headwind which was double to what it was at the time of my guidance. Software and Cloud as well as hardware system saw a growth rate affected by 3%. Currencies continue to move significantly. So my comments today are generally going to reflect constant dollar growth rates. Total Cloud revenue was 590 million growing 47% with Cloud SaaS and PaaS revenue of 364 million, up 41% from last year and more than double last year's growth. The cloud bookings from several quarters is now helping drive SaaS and PaaS revenue growth. When bookings turn into revenue, depends on many factors. But as I reviewed the numbers over the last few quarter one thing is clear, the acceleration in the business bodes very well for our future. Cloud infrastructure as a service revenue was 155 million, up 62% but due in part to prior year compares being low. Overall our Cloud results were better than expected as we are clearly growing faster than sales force and were more than three times the size of Workday. Our goal remains to be bigger and grow faster in the cloud in both companies while improving our already high level of profitability. Total software revenues were 7.3 billion up 8% from last year. Software updates and product support revenues drove nearly half of total company revenue at 4.8 billion, up 9% from last year. Attach and renewal rates remain at their usual high levels as our growing install base of customers continue to power earnings and cash flow. New software license revenues were $2 billion.  Looking at GAAP software and Cloud results by region, the Americas grew 8% with North America database growing double digits and very strong Cloud growth, AMEA grew 9% with Cloud growth of more than 80% and Asia Pacific grew 7% powered by Japan. Overall the hardware business including hardware support grew 4% with hardware system product revenue of 717 million and hardware support revenue of 690 million. Our engineered systems saw solid growth with particular strength in both Exalogic and big data appliance as we continue to gain share. For the company total revenue for the quarter was 9.6 billion, up 7% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was 4.4 billion also up 7% from last year, and the operating margin was unchanged at 46%. Excluding MICROS, both hardware gross margin and operating margin expanded by more than 1% that we were able to maintain our industry leading operating margins with MICROS now part of the business while growing our Cloud business 47% is a testimony to the strength of our business model. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 24.3% that's higher than my guidance of 23% and EPS was $0.69 in US dollars. The GAAP tax rate was 23.5%, a point higher than my guidance and GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.56 in US dollars. The higher tax rate reduced EPS for both GAAP and non-GAAP by a cent. This was a result of revenue mix by region driven primarily by foreign currency impact and a couple of other small factors. Free cash flow over the last four quarters was down very slightly at 14.5 billion as we increased CapEx spending a little bit. Just so that you get a sense of the size here, CapEx spending over the last four quarters in about $150 million higher than that same four quarters the previous year. We now have nearly 45 billion in cash and marketable securities net of debt our cash position's approximately 12 billion. As we've said before we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisition, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividends. In terms of acquisitions, we continue to focus on finding the right companies as the right valuations and both are critically important. This quarter we repurchased 52.8 million shares for a total of 2.1 billion. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased more than 200 million shares for a total of 8.1 billion, paid out dividends of 2.1 billion for a total that is more than 70% of our free cash flow. And the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.12 per share. Now to the guidance. As you can imagine we feel very good about our prospects and our performance. But I have to tell you I am always keeping an eye on the situation in the macro environment especially aboard. Additionally given the unusually high volatility in exchange rates, we expect currency will affect revenue by more than 4% and EPS by $0.04 if rates stay as they did -- as they are just about now, but as we just don't know how much. I am going to provide constant currency guidance today. SaaS and PaaS on a non-GAAP basis is expected to grow 30% to 34% in constant currency. On a GAAP basis SaaS and PaaS revenue is expected to grow 31% to 35%, Cloud IaaS on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to grow 29% to 33%, software and Cloud revenue on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis including SaaS and PaaS and IaaS, new software license and software support is expected to grow between 5% to 8%. Hardware system revenue on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis which includes hardware system products and hardware system support is expected to be somewhere between negative 2 and positive 8 in constant currency. Total revenue growth on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 4% to 8%. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.69 to $0.74, again all this in constant currency. GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.55 and $0.60. Now this guidance assumes a GAAP tax rate of 23% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 24% but this too may end up being different especially as tax rate is very heavily impacted by the mix of earnings which is impacted by currency. With that I am going to turn this over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. As Oracle Cloud business gets bigger, our growth rate is going up. As our competitors' Cloud businesses get bigger, their growth rates are going down. This has big implication I'd like to explain. In Q2 we booked more than $170 million in new SaaS and PaaS annually recurring revenue or ARR. In other words, we sold over $170 million of new SaaS and PaaS annual subscriptions this past quarter. In Q4 of this fiscal year, we expect to sell more than $250 million of new annual SaaS and PaaS subscriptions. That means, during our next fiscal year we will sell well over $1 billion of new SaaS and PaaS annual subscriptions. What makes this particularly interesting is that next year Oracle will sell about the same total dollar amount of new SaaS and PaaS business as Cloud market leader salesforce.com. Stay tuned, it's going to be close. We are catching up to them and we are catching up very quickly. Mark, over to you.
Mark Hurd: Thank you. Okay, let me just give you a couple of numbers and a few names and then we will go to your questions. SaaS and PaaS revenue as Safra mentioned grew 41% in CD. ERP EPM revenue grew more than 80%. CX revenue grew nearly 50%. I think that company Larry mentioned salesforce.com reported 28. CX marketing automation grew 200% in revenue but we are the clear number one. Bookings grew nearly 150%. I want to say one more time it was 150%. Fusion bookings, ERP, HCM and Sales Force Automation all grew triple digits. All pillars saw booking growth in excess of 50%. We added more than 860 SaaS customers with more than 230 that subscribed to more than 1 pillar when they bought a cloud subscription from us. Nearly 650 existing customers expanded their cloud services in the quarter. In HCM we added 230 new customers, in CX more than 460 new customers, in ERP EPM 250 new customers. In one quarter we added 2.5 times Workday's entire install base. Nearly 150 of the new ERP customers did not have any Oracle ERP before they bought Cloud subscription from Oracle in the quarter. Overall Fusion has triple-digits bookings growth, triple-digit revenue growth. We had over 125 go-lives in Q2. That's SaaS. In PaaS we had a breakout quarter. We had 150 brand new PaaS customers. As many of you know, we announced PaaS at Oracle OpenWorld, the end of September. Three quarters subscribed to multiple PaaS services, the PaaS opportunity is big given the size of our install base and you might argue is big or bigger than the SaaS opportunity. Let me read you a few names from the quarter. In HR, Fidelity National Financial, Pella, Siemens, Barnes & Noble, Baylor Healthcare System, DIRECTV, Honeywell, Johnson & Johnson, Kaiser, Nokia, Northup Grumman, Societe Generale, Skanska. In sales service clouds, FlowServe, 3M, Adidas, Equifax, DIRECTV, Fiat, Tellus, United Parcel Service, Visa, Yahoo, Big server, Super Cypress Semiconductor. In marketing cloud, Bloomberg, Equifax, Fiat, Honeywell, Ricoh, Siemens, Telefonica, Visa, Emerson, Kroger, Lego Systems. In ERP EPM cloud, Odebrecht in Brazil, HJ Heinz, InBev, Lafarge, Michael Frager, and I don't have more time to read more. These are like huge list of logos that we gained in the quarter. Couple other comments, premise software grew 6% in CD. I continue to expect this business to grow nicely while our cloud continues to maintain hyper growth. Moving quickly just to mention hardware. Engineered systems bookings grew double digits. Bookings for Exalogic, SuperCluster and big data appliance, (inaudible) point all grew more than 50%. And I just want to make sure for those of you who don't listen to additional hardware companies' calls, it is clear we are taking substantive market share in hardware. And wrapping up, our cloud revenues' already at a $2 billion rate and I said at the Financial Analyst meeting our SaaS pipeline is large. Since then it's gotten bigger. We outpaced our bookings growth planned for the first half of the year and set our sights on 100% bookings growth for Q3. With that we will take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Rick Sherlund with Nomura Securities.
Richard Sherlund: Hey, thank you for taking the question, and good quarter. On the cloud side, I am curious as far as the new versus exiting customers, I think you got some metric there. Could you give us a sense of are you seeing a conversion from existing on-prem customers or is most of this new business that you are picking up? 
Mark Hurd: Well, first let's go through it by pillar because I think that's the way you have to do it. In marketing everything is really new. We don't have a market install base. So when we give you those numbers, Rick, there really everything coming is a net new logo. Now it may be in a company that's got Oracle product but it's all net new. Most of our sales Cloud is net new. There is some Siebel conversion but as I mentioned at the Financial Analyst meeting, our Siebel install base, when you look at the sport numbers, is fairly stable. So we have a lot of net-net new even in if you will sales Cloud. We have a mix in HR both conversion and net new. And I think the important thing you saw this quarter as we talked before Rick, I think it's not just the fact that our strategy isn't the just best of breed in each of these apps, but also to have a suite of capability, and that's why I wanted to mention the multi-pillar deals that occurred in Q2 because we have customers now that are not just buying in ERP from us but they are buying ERP and HR. They are buying sales Cloud and marketing. And we also get the opportunities to go back into that install base once we've got one app, and sell a second app, a third app, a fourth app. And so it was an exiting quarter across a number of those metrics.
Lawrence Ellison: Rick just for me to add one thing. As Mark said you have to take a pillar by pillar, you also have to take it layer by layer in the cloud. So -- where a lot of our SaaS business are brand new logos. People who've never done business with Oracle before you would expect that in PaaS it's virtually all our install base. But the reason being almost every moderate size company in the world is already an Oracle user. So the PaaS we are selling at this install base as Mark said SaaS is a bit of a mix depending on pillar.
Richard Sherlund: Yes, and Larry you are seeing customers pivoting now to PaaS and infrastructure as a service, if you could maybe spend a moment on that.
Lawrence Ellison: Again, I think, we are pushing very hard as PaaS as opposed to infrastructure as a service. I mean that's where our huge differentiation is, that's where we give you so much more automation in terms of database tuning and installation and backup and recovery and logging and security. So our big push is in the PaaS. We are in infrastructure as a service which is a low cost commodity business where we have the same pricing as Amazon and Google and the rest. We are in that because when our customers come, as Mark said earlier, they buy one pillar and go buy another. I can talk about layers in the Cloud, will they will buy a few SaaS applications, they will buy some PaaS and they will buy some infrastructure as a service as they want to have a unified security model and a vast network to interconnect all of these pieces.
Richard Sherlund: Thank you.
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you Rick.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard: Hey, good afternoon guys. I have two questions. One I want to follow-up on the Cloud piece and then I had a question on the database. On the cloud piece Larry, you talked about a billion dollars in bookings. I just want to make sure then I am reading this correctly. That's an incremental one billion…
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, Jason, on the -- that's another business that we will have sold when you annualize. This is not total contract value. This is in terms of annual subscriptions rates. We will sell next fiscal year well in excess -- we expect to sell well in excess of $1 billion of new annual subscriptions.
Jason Maynard: And that's on top…
Lawrence Ellison: Which is about what Sales Force will be selling in their next fiscal year. I think they are 1.1 something like that best as we can estimate. And we think we have a good chance of passing them. I don't know, we could pass them or catch them or -- but it's going to be very close. We are in that ballpark. So we are selling new business at the same rate as the market leader next year which I think -- we are expecting this hyper growth. Sales Force is slowing down, we are speeding up. They are only twice as big as us. Their round numbers are 4 billion, we are 2 billion. But we are growing a lot faster, and we have a lot more products, and we have a large install base to see into. So we think again I said -- announced, just words. We said -- we think we can become number one in the Cloud. We think we will be number one in the Cloud, and we will be number one in the Cloud very quickly.
Mark Hurd: And Jason, just to add to your question, I mean most of -- all of our comments that Larry made, then I made in that effort, we are all talking about ARR, not TCV.
Jason Maynard: Right.
Mark Hurd: So there's not a multiplier on -- or average contract value is up longer than annual.
Jason Maynard: Right.
Mark Hurd: But we are talking in comparisons of ARR. IBM will announce a $1 billion deal over 10 years.
Jason Maynard: Right.
Mark Hurd: That $1 billion deal to us would be $100 million. If it was a 10-year deal, and it's evenly distributed, we would count that as $100 million of ARR.
Jason Maynard: Right.
Mark Hurd: 100 million over one year. We annualize all of this stuff, how much of revenue once they are installed and running, and that there's a delay between when we book something and when we start collecting revenue because we don't collect revenue till the users are up and running and it's implemented. Okay, so there is that delay. But once they are up and running, it's an annualized number we are giving you, not a total contract value number we are giving you.
Jason Maynard: Right, I got that part. But I also want to make sure I am clear. This is incremental on top of your current $2 billion plus run rate?
Mark Hurd: Of course. And it should be a lot more than 2 billion by the way because that's next fiscal year. So we are not going to end this fiscal year still will 2 billion. That will grow. You have bookings that have been booked that have yet to be provisioned. Therefore you will have a bigger base on which those bookings will go. At the same time the bookings we get in the future will take time to provision as they go forward. So it's a layered model as you build up on the revenue Jason.
Jason Maynard: I want to ask one thing on the database business. Larry, lot of customers in the past, they have been conditioned to wait for R2 of the database to come up. This time around you guys made a major release this past summer with the N memory option. I would be curious to get your take on what you are seeing in terms of customer adoption, are we starting to see folks, hey we are going to move to this incremental dot release that came out, I think it was June-July time frame. Or some folks still waiting for R2 and what's the advice to the guidance from Oracle in terms of when customers should migrate to 12C? Thank you.
Lawrence Ellison: Okay, so there are two major pieces of our new database release, once as you mention is the memory option. But that's not the only driving factor where people are operating their database version. The other is metal-Tennessee, the multi-tenant option which is appropriate for the Cloud that allows them to again convert all of your existing Oracle applications and make them multi-tenant applications while preserving security and reliability, a better way than do multi-tenancy at the application layer. Anyway, we think those two features in concert are driving -- will drive a much more rapid adoption, the Oracle database over the next couple of years. So we think our database business is going to have a very strong 24 months coming up.
Safra Catz: And Jason the options did very-very well in the quarter. So there's no question customers are extremely interested and are buying the options.
Jason Maynard: Right, great. Thank you guys. Appreciate the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America.
Kash Rangan: Hi, happy holidays and good news from Oracle to hear that. Can you talk about the net new cloud bookings and what exactly is driving that? If you can give us color by product, is it HCM or serum, or to Larry's point, the layer. Is it the PaaS or the SaaS layer or geographies? And in particular, Larry, if you could drill into the PaaS layer and help us understand is it a net new market or could it come at the expense of the traditional database business, which maybe gets cannibalized or maybe not? Just wanted to get your thoughts on it. Thank you.
Lawrence Ellison: Let me -- Mark will give you a more detailed answer, but my answer is yes. It's all of the above. One other thing, we have such a broad -- if you look at our product line versus our competitors, we are Salesforce's only real competitor in sales automation. We are the leader in marketing automation. We are fighting hard to be the leader in service automation where our competitor is salesforce.com. We are Workday's only real competitor in HCM, and we think we have passed them in HCM. But you can make an argument we are both fighting our new CM. but we are killing Workday in ERP. If you conclude ERP and EPM together, it's planning, budgeting, performance management and their graphic ERP, all of that, we sold 2.5 times more customers this past quarter than they have done in the life of their company. We are the clear leader in mid-range and high end ERP with no competition from Workday. They are just not there or when they are there they are losing every time. So we are very strong in HCM, we are very strong in ERP, we are very strong -- we are the leader in ERP, we are the leader in marketing, we are the leader in EPM, we are contending for leadership in service automation and in HCM and we they guys in second place behind Salesforce in Salesforce Automation. But every place else except for that one segment, we are the leader or fighting to be the leader. So we have incredible breadth of SaaS products. Now our SaaS products are built on top of Java and the Oracle database, the platform, and companies want to make extensions to the applications. They want to link the applications to existing applications, and so on. Using our platform, makes a lot more sense than using a proprietary platform from salesforce.com. We don't think it's a fair fight. But wait, salesforce.com uses our platform to build their applications. They just can't sell our platform as a part of their service offering to their customers. So they have not license to do so. We can sell our platform, we do sell our platform. So we sell the same platform that we build on to our customers. So we've seen a huge amount of interest. But from our SaaS customers using our platform and also there's huge install base we have in the database business. Interested moving test and development and certain aspects of their database work to the Cloud, not everything, but a part of it, a bit of hybrid, and we are seeing these customers now experimenting, they're at the experiment level. But the potential for this as Mark said is probably bigger than our SaaS business and I think we are going to be by far the leading SaaS company in the Cloud. Look at our product portfolio. Kash, who wins in all of these battles? The suite vendors always beat the point solution guys. It's happened in every generation of computing where the end user, the customer, doesn't want to be the integrator of 30 separate applications from 30 separate vendors. No different now, just on the Cloud now. Same problem, they don't want to integrate a lot of different stuff. We have all the stuff pre-integrated. We think we are in a great position, we are seeing hyper growth at SaaS, we are seeing hyper growth in PaaS, we are getting bigger and our growth rates are getting higher. That's the -- unlike anyone else in the Cloud business.
Kash Rangan: Thanks, and happy holidays. 
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, listen, add to it the products are more mature. We are on release 9 of our SaaS products. We only had -- not only our products' more mature, we have more of them. Our suite is broader. We've added sales capacity before 2.5 years ago. So realigning the sales force, adding capacity, they are trained, they are getting more training and we have references. And when you add the familiarity now of the SI community to it, you just have a lot of factors. There's no one of these factors in isolation, it's the culmination of a lot of work over a lot of period done.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: And you next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you. Mark, I was wondering if you could share with us, I mean, your performance this quarter, given what's going on with currency was definitely better than I think people were expecting on a constant currency basis, even. And I'm wondering how much of that due, do you think, maybe the US environment, a deal-closing environment getting a little bit better from a macro perspective? And how much of it is due to sales force efficiency improvement?
Mark Hurd: So you are saying macro versus us?
Heather Bellini: No, macro in the US, right, seems to be doing better. So how much of it is due to kind of -- is your sales force productivity improving, and that's what's driving kind of the confidence and the guidance for next quarter, and your results on a constant currency basis this quarter? Because I think versus what everyone was thinking, things look a little bit -- things are looking better.
Mark Hurd: Well I don't think anything changed from what we had been seeing for a while. The only difference is we saw it in pipeline, we saw it in proposal, and now it's turned into actual numbers and performance. So I don't think this is an event. I think this is a set of activities that have occurred over a long period of time, as I tried to reference in my previous question. I would not take some short-term improvement in the US macro and turn that into -- that's whey Oracle has great cloud bookings in Q2. I think our performance was driven by exactly the phenomena that I described. Better -- great products, more mature products, better references, lots of capacity in our sales force that's better trained that's out in the market winning deals. That's what I think drove it.
Lawrence Ellison: I would like to second what Mark said, is we're just further up the learning curve and everything. Our sales management team terrific. We realigned our sales force against our secular competitors. So we have an HCM sales force that goes up against Workday. We have a sales automation sales force that goes up against salesforce.com and we have a service automation sales force that goes up -- but they are different -- it goes up against salesforce.com. We have a marketing automation sales force, we have an ERP sales force, we have an EPM sales force. We have all of these specialized sales forces and we created those, actually Mark created those several years ago, and we have been hiring, staffing, and they are much more mature. We started working on some of these products. Lot of these products are -- we built them internally. We started about 10 years ago -- after 10 years of development, the Fusion applications, again Mark said we are on release 9, and they are getting really good, the user interface is getting good, we are getting -- we have a lot of good customer feedback again over a period of years. We have improved the UIs, we have improved that multi-national capability. There -- we have improved security in the Cloud, we are the leader -- I think we are the leader in application security in the Cloud. So it's just walking up the learning curve, and at some point it becomes visible to everybody. Now I think we've been -- a few quarters ago talked about the size of the pipeline, look pretty good, they are kind of stunning. But I know the next thing is it turns into bookings, the next thing it turns into revenue, the next thing is we have more revenue than anyone else in the Cloud, and I think that's the next shoe that's going to drop.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you.
Lawrence Ellison: Thanks Heather.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies & Company.
John DiFucci: Thanks. I have a question for Safra. Safra, as you said CapEx has creeped up a little bit, it's up 26% on a trailing 12-month basis or about 150 million. Non-GAAP operating margins have really helped steady as has free cash flow. But as you transition to more Cloud based business, should we expect free cash flow to trail off a bit even if it's just temporarily?
Safra Catz: It's all so tiny -- these amounts are so small in the scheme of what's going on. I mean -- I think it's kind of unusual that I would even call out a $150 million increase year-over-year on capital expenditure but since you guys aren't even used to it I figure let me call it out as small as it is. Obviously in the launch for PaaS and the volumes that we are expecting, we made our investments. And as we expand, we will continue, but these are really tiny numbers and are totally dwarfed by our 14 billion plus in free cash flow. I mean it's kind of -- I am not sure other companies would've even mentioned it, and you are probably asking me because other companies make these enormous announcements of spending billions and billions and you have to remember, I mentioned it at Financial Analysts Day, we control almost our entire supply chain. You see, we literally -- I mean we are very close to starting with sand, and then we have computers. I mean we make almost everything, and as a result we get everything at the best possible prices and economies of scale. We are already a very large company, so we already had huge investments over the years, and so you have a lot of capacity and again -- so I would not fret on this really small number because I am not planning on making some announcement that we are going to spend billions because we've already spent and it's just showing up little teeny bitties at a time.
John DiFucci: Okay, thanks, that's helpful. If I could, just a quick sort of tactical follow-up and it's regards to guidance. And we can go through our own calyx of foreign exchange effects to get a reported number relative to the constant currency guidance, but generally what's the delta in growth for the top line between constant currency and reported numbers that you have?
Safra Catz: In this past quarter that we just had?
John DiFucci: No, actually I'm talking about guidance, yes.
Safra Catz: No I didn't give -- listen, the rates right now compared to last year depending on which line item because it depends for us geographic distribution and all of those things. It's over 4%, in some areas it approaches 5%. I mean it's -- the number of currencies really collapsed in comparison to the dollar. So if that's what you are asking me, I think I am answering, if things stayed as they are today, it is over 4% of the impact in many of the big numbers -- of the numbers you guys follow.
John DiFucci: Okay, great, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill: Good afternoon. Safra, just on operating margins, there's been a lot of focus, if you can continue to drive steady operating margin improvement despite this transition in the cloud. I think you were clear to John that the investments are already in. But as you look at kind of the next level of operational improvement, where do you see the biggest levers? And I guess as you transition in the Cloud, as more of the business gets there, is this inherently a more profitable business from your perspective, as you get to that side?
Safra Catz: Yes. I mean there's no question. We have done the analysis and I think I shared at least some of it with you all during Financial Analyst Day, but there is no question that at scale we continue to improve our margins dramatically taking advantage of both our economies of scale and our controls, almost our entire supply chain and really our intense automation which really ultimately results in our being very-very price competitive and allowing our customers to spend much-much less all in than they ever did and yet we get a much more significant percentage of their wallet share. So we expect as we continue to go -- I am very pleased with where margins are laid out this quarter, and as we get to volume, I actually think we are going to do better -- continue to do better.
Brent Thill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. And I'd just like to echo the congratulations for this quarter. Most people have touched on a lot of the other lines of businesses so far, but I want to ask a question about hardware. You guys exceeded your guidance this quarter and guiding for growth year-over-year again next quarter. Just give us a sense for what you're seeing in that hardware line. And we finally hitting that point that you all have talked about that the stuff that you're not focused on is getting small enough and declining less that the growth areas are starting to show through, just how we should think about that would be great?
Mark Hurd: Well, I think you should think about it that we are just winning. I mean that would be the overriding thing I would take away. So you look at some of the markets we are in particularly in computers that are scaled computers, the $20,000, $25,000 and up category that you typically see from most of the research firms. We are gaining startling amounts of share. And you are talking about growth rate, gains of share that are 7, 8, 9, 10 points of share gain and if you are going to ask what the drivers are underneath it, they're what we've been talking about before. We had double-digit bookings growth in engineered systems as I described a few minutes earlier. Safra and I both mentioned a couple of products and we've had very good performance out of what's called the Oracle SuperCluster, The SPARC SuperCluster has had significant growth. We've had very good growth and a product we don't talk about much called the Oracle Database Appliance. It's had significant growth for us. And so that this whole strategy of lining hardware and software to gather is what customers want. I can make an argument to you; it's the same market trend you see in the cloud. We just do more work for the customer. We integrate the products for the customer, the customer doesn't have to do it. We optimize the software for the solution and it's delivered us strong growth. And so when you look across really every line for us we had very good performance, by the way, I should add, in storage. Storage, our network attached product, again now it's a bigger base, had very strong growth in the quarter as well. So we're quite pleased with the performance we have seen in most of our product categories across most of our geographies particularly in terms of share gains.
Philip Winslow: Great. Thanks guys, and congratulations again.
Mark Hurd: Thank you.
Safra Catz: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: Thank you for fitting me in. I've got a question about two growth metrics that stood out to me that exceeded my expectations, and I'd love some color. The first, and maybe this is directed to Mark. Mark, it felt like North American database in the prior few quarters ran a little bit less than expectations. And yet Safra mentioned in her comments that North American database sales were back to double-digits. And I'd love to understand what drove that. It doesn't feel like there's a big broader demand improvement, so I'd love to know how you pulled that off? It's impressive. And then for Safra, you put up 9% software support revenue growth in constant currency. That's actually the best number you've put up in a little while, and I'd love a little color on that? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Well I think on the database question North America, Larry answered that a bit earlier talking about 12c. I mean we are into a new release. We have talked about the timeframes it would come on board. You saw a good performance in North America, frankly when you looked at database overall in CD, we grew like 5, 6 points -- I will say 6 in CD. And so again my guess would be we're gaining share. Again as you look at database overall, I know you mentioned the metric you described about database, but as I tried to go through at Financial Analyst meeting, when you look at the CAGR on a three-year basis, it is a very strong upper single digit CAGR in database. So while you talk about one quarter or another. This is not new phenomena that you see this kind of performance in database and that with 12c. Our pipeline has grown in database and I think it's reflected in the numbers that you saw in the quarter.
Karl Keirstead: Thanks, and Safra, yes.
Safra Catz: Yes, sure. I am actually looking at all the numbers and the contract base and it's been going up -- I mean it jumps around, but I have other quarters where it's very close. And remember we are selling in extremely large amount, cancellation rates are very low. Attach rates are extremely high. And all of that added together just ends up with a good number.
Karl Keirstead: Right. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Mark Hurd: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bond for his closing remarks.
Ken Bond - IR: Thank you, operator. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department if any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you again. Thank you for joining us today. With that we will close the call.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-09-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - IR Lawrence J. Ellison - Chairman and Chief Technology Officer Safra A. Catz - CEO Mark Hurd - CEO
Analysts:  Richard Sherlund - Nomura Securities Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Joel Fishbein - BMO Capital Markets Jason Maynard – Wells Fargo Kash Rangan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Brent Thill - UBS 
Operator: Welcome to Oracle's First Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Call. As a reminder this call is being recorded for replay purposes.  I'd like to now turn the call over to Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Victoria. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle's first quarter fiscal year 2015 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which include the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Executive Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; CEO, Safra Catz; and CEO, Mark Hurd.  As a reminder today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-Q and 10-K and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  And finally we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Before taking questions we will begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra A. Catz : Thanks Ken. I am going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q1. I'll then review guidance for Q2, then turn the call over to Mark and Larry for their comments. Those of you who have followed us for a while know that Q1 is a seasonally smaller quarter which can mean more volatility in our results and that's what we saw this quarter. Currency was a 1% tailwind to total revenues. Today my comments generally reflect constant dollar growth rates. Cloud revenue totaled $477 million, growing 29%. In that cloud, SaaS and PaaS were $339 million, up 31% from last year and up 4% sequentially. Cloud infrastructure as a service was $138 million up 25%. Q1 results in the cloud were better than expected and with us now three times bigger than Workday, now that's not enough for us, as our goal is to be bigger than Salesforce and faster growing than Workday while growing cash flow and improving our already high levels of profitability.  New software license was $1.4 billion, down 2% from last year and software updates and product support was a record $4.7 billion, up 6%. Software and cloud revenue totaled $6.6 billion in Q1 growing 6%. Customers have started to move from on-premise systems to the cloud but with so many on-premise customers and only 30% of our support-base in applications we haven't seen a reduction in software updates and product support renewal rates which continue at their usual high levels. However as the movement to the cloud grows we expect this transition will affect our revenue to the positive. These customers will essentially replace their software support payments with a cloud subscription which will mean substantially more revenues to Oracle. That is because not only will we be providing the most up to date software but we'll also be providing the hardware, the application management and complete operation. Of course we expect it as a customer pays more to Oracle this increase will be more than offset by a reduction in their cost of implementing and running their own systems. And because we control nearly all of our own supply chain and benefit from enormous economies of scale we expect most customers converting their premise based software support payments to cloud subscription will be immediately accretive to operating income as well. In the case of new or existing customers taking cloud subscriptions in lieu of buying new or additional software licenses there will be a short-term delay in revenue. But over the medium and long term we also expect more revenue and operating income as well as increased cash flow.  As for the details in this quarter, GAAP software and cloud results in the Americas grew 6% helped by a very strong performance from our North America application team and our global business unit. Thanks to the fantastic EMEA management team considering the geopolitical situation in Europe and Middle East, EMEA was up an astounding 7%. Asia-Pac grew 2%.  Engineered systems continue to grow and were over a third of hardware product revenue over the last 12 months. However hardware revenue in total was down 8% as other servers and storage revenues especially tape declined. Hardware system product revenue was down 14% while hardware system support was down 2%. Consulting services, which I don't usually comment on because they're not as strategic to our business, also suffered from some execution issues in North America. Total revenue for the quarter was $8.6 billion, up 2% from last year. The quarter was not depended on any one large deal. Our non-GAAP operating income was $3.8 billion, was 1% higher than last year and operating margin was 44.4% down just 22 basis points from last year because the sales shortfall in hardware in some hardware and consulting happened late in the quarter and did not allow us time to adjust our expense base in the quarter.  Free cash flow increased to a record $14.7 billion over the last four quarters to an all-time high of 6.5 -- and to an all-time high of $6.5 billion for the quarter, up 6% from Q1 last year. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 21.5%, EPS for the quarter grew 4% in US dollars and to $0.63 on a non-GAAP basis.  The GAAP tax rate was 19.7% due to some one-time events and the mix of earnings. On a GAAP basis EPS for the quarter was $0.48 in US dollars, up 2%. At quarter end deferred revenue was at a record $8.9 billion, up 5% from last year and we had nearly $52 billion in cash and marketable securities.  Net of debt our cash position was $19 billion. So both of these balances are roughly $5 billion lower now that we've closed the MICROS transaction. This quarter we repurchased nearly 49 million shares for a total of $2 billion. Over the last 12 months we've repurchased more than 5% of the shares outstanding a year ago and paid out more than $2.1 billion in dividend as nearly 75% of our cash flow was returned to shareholders. We recently increased our share buyback authorization by an additional $13 billion and we now have a total authorization of more than $15 billion available. The Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.12 per share. As I move to guidance I need to make some comments first regarding MICROS, which we closed a few days ago. Firstly we will not own it for the whole quarter. Secondly, and much more importantly, because our revenue recognition policies and our operating procedures are strict the contributions from MICROS will not be consistent with their historical run rate. For example I am only expecting about $14 million in on-premise new license revenue for the quarter from MICROS.  Also given recent currency movements we expect to see a currency headwind of 1% for cloud revenues, 2% for software and cloud revenue combined and 2% for both hardware and total revenue and that could very much change. So taking all that into account SaaS and PaaS on a non-GAAP basis is expected to grow between 40% to 45% in constant currency, 39% to 44% in US dollars. On a GAAP basis SaaS and PaaS revenue is expected to grow 39% to $0.44 and 44% in constant currency and 38% to 43% in US dollars.  Cloud IaaS on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to grow 40% to 44% in constant currency and 39% to 43% in U.S. dollars. Software and cloud revenue on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis including SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, new software license and software support is expected to grow 5% to 8% in constant currency, 3% to 6% in U.S. dollars. Hardware system revenues on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis which includes hardware system products and hardware system support is expected to be negative 8% to positive 2% in constant currency, negative 10% to 0% in U.S. dollars. Total revenue growth on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 2% to 6% in constant currency, 0% to 4% in U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.68 to $0.72 in constant currency, $0.66 and $0.70 in U.S. dollars. GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.53 and $0.57 in constant currency and $0.51 and $0.55 in U.S. dollars. This guidance assumes a GAAP tax rate of 22.5% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 23%, of course it may end up being different. As you've seen in the last few minutes we announced that Larry was elected Executive Chairman and appointed Chief Technology Officer; Mark and I have been appointed CEO. Other than Mark and I reporting to the Board of Directors of which Larry will be Executive Chairman instead of to Larry directly no other reporting relationships will change at the company.  In addition, I will no longer go by the CFO title. I will be the Principal Financial Officer for all regulatory purposes. We will not be hiring a CFO and my teams will continue to report to me. With that I will turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Next week at Oracle Open World we will be rolling out our new database cloud service with our new multi-tenant Database-as-a-Service offering. Our customers and ISVs can move any of their existing applications and databases to the Oracle Cloud with the push of a button.  With the push of a button your data is automatically compressed 10 to 1 and encrypted for secure and efficient transfer to the Cloud. With the push of a button your existing application automatically becomes a multi-tenant application and it's moved to the Oracle Cloud. No reprogramming is required.  Every single Oracle feature, even our latest high speed and memory processing is included in the Oracle Cloud Database Service. Hundreds of thousands of customers and ISVs have been waiting for exactly this. Database is our largest software business and database will be our largest cloud service business.  Mark, over to you.
Mark Hurd: Yeah, listen before we take questions I thought I'd just give you seven or eight facts about our Cloud business in the core. First, bookings grew 54%, 3x last year’s growth rate. Fusion bookings, ERP, HCM and SFA all grew triple digits. Two, revenue grew 32% USD, 2x last year’s growth rate. Three, we got 500 new Cloud customers in the quarter. Four, 170 of them were HCM customers. Based on what I heard Workday report they got something like 25. We got 60 Fusion HCM new customers in the quarter. Four, in CX, we had 290 new customers, 90 Fusion SFA and almost 200 marketing new customers in the quarter. Five, ERP we added 90 new customers in Fusion ERP and a like number in our EPM cloud. And all I am taking about now is ERP cloud and EPM cloud.  Fusion overall had triple digit bookings growth, triple digit revenue growth. We added nearly 200 net new Fusion customers and had many tens of go lives. And while the transition of the cloud is in the early stages we are already at a run rate of nearly $2 billion. A couple of comments on hardware; we declined in SPARC in this quarter while we grew engineered systems double-digits. As Safra mentioned, engineered system now makes up a third of our hardware. While we're growing double digits our competitors are declining double digits. We shipped our 10,000th engineered system in Q1. Lifetime bookings in hardware alone for engineered systems now exceed $3 billion. Hardware support margins are now approaching 70% as a testimony to the change in our overall hardware mix and the stickiness of this business. With that I'll turn it over to you all for questions.
Ken Bond: Victoria we'll go to the Q&A portion of the call please.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Rick Sherlund with Nomura Securities.
Richard Sherlund - Nomura Securities : Thank you. My question is for Larry. Larry, I wondered if you could address the issue of why the change in your role in the company and if you could clarify what the change might really be in terms of the working relationship and your responsibilities and daily activities in the business?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, again Mark and Safra have done a spectacular job and I think they deserve the recognition of their new title. I'm going to continue to work with Thomas Kurian in software engineering and John Fowler in hardware engineering and Ed Screven and Mark and Safra as I have exactly in the past. So I'm going to continue doing what I have been doing over the last several years, they're going to continue what they've been doing over the last several years.  So they deserve the recognition. They deserve the CEO title and I'm happy that our management team continues forward as a team.
Ken Bond: Next question please?
Operator:  Certainly, your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays Capital.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital: Hey, thank you. Mark and Safra congratulations to the new role. Question from me, it's like if you look about into the quarter, I mean obviously there were expectations out and you were slightly weaker on the one hand side I see the transformation, I see very strong deferred number and a very strong cash number, but then I see the hardware basis, how do you think about the quarter and how in Q4 you thought it was better than we thought about it. How do you think about Q1 now? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Well again I like Safra's quote, we're focused on two things, becoming number one in the cloud. That means growing our cloud business rapidly. So you're seeing an acceleration in our growth rate. We are forecasting that we grow our cloud, our SaaS and PaaS cloud business this coming quarter between 40% and 45%. So not only are we getting bigger in the cloud, our growth rate is going up. That's usually the opposite of what happens. So we are focused on becoming number one in the cloud being bigger than Salesforce in the cloud. And to do that we got to increase our growth rates and that's exactly what we're doing.  Now while we're doing that, we have one other key focus to continue to deliver record levels of cash flow and that's exactly what we're doing. So we're getting bigger in the cloud, our growth rate is increasing in the cloud. Our cash flow is getting better we think it was a great Q1 and it's going to get even better in terms of our growth rates in the cloud.  I thought you might mention in your question that the Chairman last quarter referenced a 50% bookings growth rate and we delivered 54%. And I'll make a ball prediction we'll do it again. And that's exactly what we need again when we say we want to be number one in the cloud we have to deliver growth rates in that 50% range, and that's what we're shooting at and that's what we think we can achieve and by the way that isn't even including our new database service that we've rolled out this fall.  So that's going to add a multiplier to our growth rate in the cloud. So we're getting triple digit growth rates, I mean almost, in our Fusion applications, our internally developed organically developed Fusion applications and now with the database in the cloud we think that's going to continue to amplify that growth rate and increase the size of our business and make us number one. So if we can do that, we could have number one in the cloud, execute this transition we'll become the leader in the cloud and deliver record level cash flow. We think we're doing a pretty good job. 
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital: Good, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse: Hi, congrats guys on the growth that you're seeing in the cloud first in terms of just the revenue and obviously the upside and deferred and along those lines I wonder if you could comment or just provide some more details and what you are seeing in the cloud versus on-premise on the application side? Mark you noted some pretty nice wins in terms of Fusion, HCM just wonder if you could provide some more detail and kind of comparing the trend on premise in the cloud? 
Mark Hurd: Yeah, so I mean first my prediction there of 50% to Larry's point was a SaaS prediction as opposed to an overall cloud prediction which frankly could be higher. On apps in the quarter, we grew apps in the quarter on premise. We had double-digit growth in North America on apps. So we had good growth on apps, license, plus what we did in SaaS. So it was a really strong overall apps ecosystem quarter.  Let me add that I believe this number is correct. We added more ERP customers in the cloud. This past quarter than Workday has had in the life of their company. So how about that? So we are feeling really good about our ability to become the leader in ERP, we are the leader in mid-market and high end ERP in cloud, increase our leadership in marketing and defeated Workday in their core HCM business.  So I think that context is what you're looking for. We had a strong ERP license quarter in North America. We had a really strong SaaS ERP number in North America and to Larry's point if everything we've heard Workday talk about with their customers we got more in the quarter than they have in the lifetime of their company.
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse: That's what I'd like to hear. Congrats guys.
Mark Hurd: Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Joel Fishbein with BMO Capital.
Joel Fishbein - BMO Capital Markets: Hi guys, I would like to get some color on the 12c database cycle, specifically the drivers and when we should expect it to impact numbers?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well again there are two key portions of the 12c database. One is the fact that it takes your existing applications and make them multi-tenant by virtue of running on the 12c version of the database. And the second is it takes your existing applications and stores the data in memory and compress along our format therefore sometimes increase your analytic performance by a factor of 100. So those are the two big drivers on our 12c database but as you know it takes people a while to adopt these features. But I think you're going to see the database business, option business accelerate through the remainder of this fiscal year and will continue on through the next fiscal year. So I think we are going to get strong results for the rest of this fiscal year and again it will continue on for at least another 12 months after that.
Safra A. Catz: Yes, database options actually was in double digits and it is exactly as Larry said it is accelerating, it has accelerated. It is actually double more than double. So doing very, very well and in-memory is one of those options.
Joel Fishbein - BMO Capital Markets: Is it where you had expected to be at this point in the cycle?
Lawrence J. Ellison: I'd say slightly ahead of where we normally expected to be. Now we were optimistic about these two features. So we thought the adoption rates would be faster than historically we've experienced with new versions of the database and that's exactly what's happening. But again the geometric progression, it's happening sooner but the big numbers are still one, two quarters away.
Joel Fishbein - BMO Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo. 
Jason Maynard – Wells Fargo: Hey good afternoon guys. First congratulations on the changes in the roles but I do have to say Larry we're going to miss you on these calls and it's been quite a run.
Lawrence J. Ellison: You should be so lucky I am staying on the call.
Jason Maynard – Wells Fargo: All right.
Lawrence J. Ellison: So you're going to have to wait a little while longer before you get me off the call. I apologize to everyone for that.
Jason Maynard – Wells Fargo: Good news then, good we can still bother you then with our questions. So with that I really had two questions, one maybe Mark you can tackle and then one for Safra but Mark on the hardware side, could you give us a little more color on let's say some of the shortfall that you saw and maybe break it down by geo or break it down by product line, just some color there? And then Safra Get down by GO or break it down by product line and just some color there. And then Safra, just on your deferred revenue growth again maybe talk a little bit about the composition of the upside you saw in deferred revenue and whether that was maintenance, multi-year contracts on the SaaS booking side, just in general what was driving that for the business? Thanks.
Safra A. Catz : So let me take deferred revenue because I always get that question when it goes down and so I am going to take it when it goes up also. It's the same answer, I know that's really [though] but the reality is that deferred revenue is almost entirely, but not entirely but almost entirely impacted by support which as I mentioned remains extremely strong. Q1 as always an extremely -- it's seasonal it's everything I've ever told you in every one of the calls it's very, very strong.  Yes some of it is SaaS but really the bulk of it and the growth in the business remains very, very strong, renewals remain very, very strong. And as a result deferred revenue remains strong and growing. So it's a dominated because of the size of the business by the growth of increased support.
Lawrence J. Ellison: On hardware by the way to Safra's point, applications support revenue growth just for that -- add that in. Just so you make sure everybody is clear who has an opinion on that. In hardware we had tape decline we had SAM decline, we have a new SAM release that will come out shortly Open World. We grew in what we think of as ZFS. So our NAS storage grew; engineered systems I mentioned grew double-digits.  Now while I say SPARC declined within engineered systems, the SPARC super cluster actually had very strong growth. So we had strong growth in engineered or we had double-digit growth in engineered systems, strong growth within that was SPARC super cluster, ZFS, NAS storage growth, tape decline, SPARC declined, that's hardware. 
Ken Bond: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, thank you very much for taking my question. Just want to drill into the tech side of the business. It looks like we’ve been waiting for the 12c product cycle. Can you talk about if the weakness in tech licenses in the quarter was due to transition effect as you get into 12c training or if there was any execution pockets that you ran into? And also I think you were pretty optimistic and you continue to be optimistic about the demand for multi-tenant and in memory. Could you compare that to how strong the RAC cycle was? Thank you.  
Mark Hurd: I'll take the first part, but I'd say on tech overall, I think tech overall was fine with the exception of one region which was North America. So if you looked at all the numbers Safra gave you I think good clarity on our options business which was strong even in North America but Core Tech, North America was weak virtually around the rest of the world that was fine. So we had good performance roughly what we expected in the quarter in what I would call Core Tech.  As far as the adoption rate, we're seeing in-memory and multi-tenant it's actually being adopted at a faster rate than RAC. And I think RAC is a good comparison because RAC is absolutely a strategic feature for transaction processing where in-memory is a strategic feature for [inaudible]. And it's just that RAC actually takes -- is a little more difficult to implement. So I would say the adoption was therefore somewhat impacted from customers trying it out and getting used to it and getting people trained and then they would -- it would pan out on a few critical -- mission critical applications.  In-memory, it doesn't require a lot of training, as it literally is kind of push a button and it runs a lot faster. Therefore we're seeing somewhat of a faster adoption rate and I think you will see that in the next -- over the next several quarters. So should be at least as big as RAC and grow slight -- and have a slightly faster adoption rate.  
Lawrence J. Ellison: By the way Kash I should have taken the time to [inaudible] to our European team, Safra did that but I'll do it as well. In Core Tech in Europe we grew double-digits. So just to give you a context of the kind of performance we saw in Europe, it's truly outstanding. 
Mark Hurd: Let me add my voice to that as our Russian business kind of headed towards zero and they have all these other problems that you read about in the newspaper or on the web. And they still managed -- Loïc still managed to do a brilliant job over there and his team continues to execute very, very well in what we call difficult circumstances. So we are thrilled about the work he is doing for us.
Kash Rangan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you everybody.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, hi, thanks. My question is back to the leadership changes and in particular I’d love to learn a little bit more about how these changes might trickle down into the rest of the Oracle organization? Safra you touched a little bit on the CFO role and how I think you left a message that there’s really no significant change. I wanted to ask Mark as you transition to your new role whether that would result in any change on the sales leadership and sales structure side as well?
Mark Hurd: No.
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, and Karl I just want to make sure we are very, very clear. There will actually be no changes, no significant changes right, just want to clarify, no changes whatsoever.
Mark Hurd: And Karl I don't want to be short but it’s just not in order -- and we were pretty [flat] in terms of the way we run the place and we want to keep it that way. So I want to stay closer to the action not get further away from the action. So to be direct the answer is no but I want to make sure you heard the rest of that.
Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank: Got it, okay, that’s very clear. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS: Good afternoon. Maybe for each of you just touched on the business model transition to subscription, how long you expect this to take, to roll through the model? Larry, I know even in the database side there is some interesting opportunities as database-as-a-service could impact the old school model. I am just curious how you look at this? And then for all of us on the line obviously you get to see the backlog number and you can look at the growth but we can’t actually see in the physical backlog and at some point would you look to something like Salesforce where they give you a backlog number every quarter as a reporting metric going forward?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Again the way I look at is we are going to be doing more for our customers, exactly what Safra said earlier, we are going to be doing more for our customers than we did before. So before we use to sell them software and they would have to provide their own datacenters and their own machines and their own labor and their own network to run all of that.  And now we are going to put a lot of that in our datacenter, we are going to buy the machines, we are going to provide both the skilled labor, whether you are buying the infrastructure-as-a-service, we will be maintaining the operating system and the virtual machine for you along with the hardware and storage, processing and storage. If you buy platform we we'll also be maintaining the Oracle database and Java, the world’s most popular programming language and the world’s most popular database at our platform. We're going to be doing more for you. And as we do more for you, you are going to pay us more but the customer is going to spend less so, it’s a win-win.  We get economies of scale, we get specialization of labor, we are very good at running Oracle databases, we are very good at managing Java virtual machines. We are pretty good at running datacenters and we are great at running all of these applications. Then that’s the third level, if you buy our ERP and our planning application then again we are doing -- we are your datacenter, we are your hardware company, we are your networking company, we are your storage company, we are all of those things.  So the promise is for Oracle to be a much larger and much more profitable and much more critical supplier to our customers, a much more strategic supplier to our customers, especially when we go to the next level of application which are the vertical applications which -- where we, in financial services for banks, for telecom companies, for retailers, for hotels and restaurant chains, all of those things. It gives us an opportunity to give them a complete solution which is strategic to their business and has much higher value then selling technology components which what the industry has been doing historically. So we see this as a huge opportunity for Oracle Corporation to grow and expand our relevance into the next generation of computing. There our business will be more profitable and we think we have all the assets to do that. I mean it’s very interesting that in ERP we overnight over one quarter sold more ERP systems in the cloud than Workday has done in the life of their company.  We have a lot of assets. One of the things we lead with ERP is budgeting and planning EPM in the cloud. Workday's answer to that is we don't have one of those. None of our competitors have one of those in the cloud. SAP, as far as I know, isn’t moving anything to the Cloud other than Ariba and SuccessFactors, by the way which I am [not] going to point out run on Oracle, both of them run on Oracle, not HANA, run on Oracle.  So Oracle is one of most the popular database in the cloud. So every generation of computing, computing gets bigger. And this is our chance to get bigger to become more important. If we execute well and when Mark says he wants to stay close to the action, and when Safra says you got a laser light focus on two things, being number one in the cloud and delivering record levels of cash flow.  We are all focused on this unbelievable opportunity to be the one big company, the one big company with all the resources to make this transition to the cloud and become the leader in that next generation computing. It's an opportunity we are all focused on and we are not going to miss it.
Ken Bond:  Thank you, Larry. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued early today. Please call the Investor Relations department if any follow-up questions in this call, we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today.  With that I will turn call back to Victoria for closing.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-06-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - VP of Investor Relations Larry Ellison - CEO Safra Catz - President and CFO Mark Hurd - President
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Walter Pritchard - Citi Kash Rangan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Richard Sherlund - Nomura Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Joel Fishbein - BMO Capital Markets 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead, Mr. Bond.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Chelsea. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's fourth quarter fiscal year 2014 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations Web site. On the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President and CFO, Safra Catz; and President, Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q, and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other factors that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we will begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. As you can see, we've made some significant changes in our financial reporting and in our guidance to match our company's fundamental transition. We're now firmly into the transition to the cloud and we had previously disclosed our SaaS revenues in the 10-Ks and Qs. As the cloud revenue has become larger and more significant, we've gone ahead and disclosed some on the phase of our income statement. You may want to actually take out your income statement as we go through this, just so that you can follow me. What we previously reported as new software license and cloud subscription is now reported on two separate lines; new software license and another line for cloud Software-as-a-Service and Platform-as-a-Service, SaaS and PaaS. At this time, the bulk of the revenue is Software-as-a-Service. Well, we expect Platform-as-a-Service to become very important as we do the full launch of Platform-as-a-Service this fall. Also, we previously reporting in service what we previously reported in services is now reported on two separate lines, cloud Infrastructure-as a-Service, IaaS and services.
,: So to start, I'm going to go over the Q4 results with our new detail, and then sum it up using our old disclosure for comparability to my previous guidance. Then I'll move on to the guidance for Q1. Generally, I'll be using non-GAAP measures in constant currency unless otherwise stated, but we'll point out GAAP numbers or U.S. dollar growth rate when the difference is important for comparability to last year. So using our new reporting, software and cloud revenue totaled a record 8.9 billion in Q4, growing 4%. New software license was 3.8 billion flat in U.S. dollars, declining 1% in constant currency, while new software license application revenues were up 6%. Cloud SaaS and PaaS were 327 million, growing 23%. Cloud Infrastructure-as-a-Service was 128 million, growing 13%. Software license updates and product support was 4.7 billion, growing 6% in constant currency and 7% in U.S. dollar. Software supported cash and renewal rate were strong as usual. To most closely compare these numbers to my guidance last earnings call, new software license and cloud SaaS and PaaS added together were 4.1 billion, up 1% in constant currency and 2% in U.S. dollars. With our new presentation, you can see that our on-premise based software business, which is new software license and software license update and product support has steadily grown over time to 8.5 billion this quarter. On top of that, we're building our SaaS, PaaS and IaaS cloud business, which grew nearly 20% and is already approaching a $2 billion run rate with 455 million in revenues this quarter. Hardware system revenue was nearly 1.5 billion growing 3% on a GAAP basis and 2% on a non-GAAP basis. Hardware products were 870 million, growing 3%, and hardware support was nearly 600 million, growing 2%.  Engineered systems had another good quarter with double-digit growth and represent 1/3rd of hardware product sales. In addition, we saw very strong growth in NAS storage in the quarter. Hardware product gross margins were 49%, down about two points from last year as we continue to put more value in our products without raising prices that's grabbing significant market share as all our major competitors shrink. Keep in mind that as we've increased hardware supported tax rates, hardware support margin has steadily improved and total hardware systems margin are unchanged from last year at 66%. For the company, total revenue for the quarter was 11.3 billion, up 3% from last year. Operating income was 5.8 billion, up 2% in constant currency, 3% in U.S. dollars, operating margin was 51%, same as last year. Unlike new software license transactions where we've recognized the revenue upfront, we've recognized the revenue from cloud software over time. In the short-term -- in the short run it delays revenue, but over the medium and long-term, we can expect more revenues as we do more of the work for our customers, while our customers can expect to pay substantially less than total with savings in the form of large reductions in the cost of implementing and running their own system. Over time, this contributes to our business model, particularly given our differentiated product in each of SaaS, PaaS and IaaS.  As we get to the operating income line, I want to remind you that our GAAP operating income last year benefited from a $269 million reduction in the purchase price of an acquisition. This was entirely excluded from a non-GAAP purpose, but did show up in our GAAP -- in the GAAP numbers, which flow all the way through. In addition, both on GAAP and non-GAAP results include another foreign currency loss this quarter, this time for $102 million from the devaluation of our Venezuela net assets, compared to the dollar. This of course was not included in my guidance last quarter. Our net asset values in Venezuela have now devalued so much that it will not have any meaningful impact on our numbers going forward. Were it not for the Venezuela currency loss, EPS would have been $0.02 higher. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 23%, the GAAP tax rate was 20.5. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.92, up from $0.87 last year. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.80, unchanged because last year our GAAP EPS was helped by the $0.04 reduction in the purchase price for the acquisition I just mentioned. I want to make sure I said that correctly, so you understand what happened. We got a $0.04 benefit last year in our GAAP EPS. This year we obviously don't have that benefit, and without that benefit it would have been $0.76, not $0.80. Operating cash flow increased 14.9 billion, and free cash flow grew to 14.3 billion over the last four quarters, both a record Q4 results. For the fiscal year 2014, total software and cloud revenues totaled a record 29.2 billion, growing 5% in constant currency. New software license was 9.4 billion, up 1%. Cloud SaaS and PaaS were 1.1 billion, growing 20% non-GAAP and 24% GAAP. Cloud infrastructure to service was 456 million, growing 1%. Software support was 18.2 billion, growing 7%. Hardware system revenue was nearly 5.4 billion, growing 2%. Of that, hardware products were 3 billion, down 1% for the year, and hardware support was 2.4 billion, growing 5% for the year. Services revenue was 3.7 billion, declining 4% as a result of the continuing move of our consulting business to shorter, faster, cheaper engagements for our customers as they move to the cloud. Total revenue grew 4% to a record $38.3 billion. Our non-GAAP operating margins for the full year was 47%. Earnings per share were $2.87, growing 8%. We've successfully grown the company's revenues and earnings through every transition whether it was many computer database to a complete suite of products, client server to Internet, commodity hardware to engineer systems and now on-premise to cloud. We're well on our way into our most recent transition. We have nearly 39 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt, our cash position is more than 14 billion. Deferred revenue now stands at 7.3 billion, up 2% from last year. In Q4, we repurchased more than 49 million shares for a total of $2 billion, and for the full year we repurchased nearly 281 million shares for a total of more than 9.8 billion, and the board of directors declared a quarterly dividend $0.12 per share between dividend and buyback. This year we returned nearly $12 billion or more than 80% of our free cash flow to our shareholders. Now, let's move to the guidance. Software and cloud revenue on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis which includes new software license, software support, SaaS and PaaS and IaaS is expected to grow 6% to 8% in U.S. dollars, 5% to 7% in constant currency. SaaS and PaaS, one of the line items on a non-GAAP basis is expected to grow 25% to 35% in U.S. dollars, 24% to 34% in constant currency. SaaS and PaaS on a GAAP basis is expected to grow 27% to 37% in U.S. dollars, 26% to 36% in constant currency. Next, another one at the line, cloud IaaS on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to grow 10% to 20% in U.S. dollars and 9% to 19% in constant currency. Hardware system revenues on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, which includes hardware systems products and hardware system support is expected to be between negative one and positive three or negative two to positive two in constant currency. Total revenue on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 4% to 6% in U.S. dollars and 3% to 5% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.62 and $0.66 in U.S. dollars, $0.61 and $0.65 in constant currency. GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.49 and $0.53 in U.S. dollars and $0.48 to $0.52 in constant currency. Now, this guidance assumes a GAAP tax rate of 22% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 23.5%. Of course it may end up being different and with that I'll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Okay. Oracle is focused, focused like a laser on one goal over the next few years, becoming the number one company in cloud computing’s two most profitable segments, Software-as-a-Service, SaaS; and Platform-as-a-Service, PaaS. We expect to become number one for three reasons. First, we have the most complete and modern portfolio of SaaS products in the cloud. CRM sales, CRM service, marketing; in human capital management, we have core human resources, recruiting, talent management and payroll. In ERP we have accounting, procurement, supply chain, project management and more, the most comprehensive suite of products in the cloud by far. Second, all of those SaaS applications run on the world's most powerful platform in the cloud, the Oracle in-memory, multi-tenant database and the world's most popular programming language, Java. Third, we have dramatically expanded, specialized and lined up our sales forces to sell SaaS and PaaS subscriptions against the new generation of cloud software competitors and it’s working. As we enter our new fiscal year, we are already number two in overall SaaS subscription sale. In FY '15 our plan is to grow our SaaS bookings over 50%. That will allow us to close in on the number one spot. We already have a huge lead over Workday in cloud ERP. We acquired 120 new cloud ERP customers in Q4 alone. In HCM, we are dominating Workday in Europe, and beating them in dozens of core HCM deals here in North America. Walking you through some of the details of highlights regarding our cloud wins and our great Q4 quarter in the cloud - let me just actually start with hardware a little bit. We’re now roughly in the middle of transition in our hardware business, engineered systems strategy are now a significant part of our hardware, we’ve grown hardware for the second quarter in a row. The change in mix away from commodity hardware to high-value engineered systems that transform the business to an integrated engineered systems business that brings with it extremely attractive annuity. Let me give you some facts about hardware. Engineered systems grew to record levels in Q4 while our competitors as Safra described are declining. We will ship our 10,000 engineered system in Q1; we’re at the scale. Our hardware support margins are now approaching to 70% and this business is sticky. SPARC super cluster bookings grew triple digits, Exalytics, Big Data Appliance and Oracle Database Appliance all grew double-digits. Oracle has become the hardware company taking share, growing and doing it profitably. And as I said we are in the middle of the transition.  Now, I will talk about cloud. We are actually just starting this transition. We are the only company that has a whole suite of cloud applications. We are salesforce.com's primary competitor, Workday's primary competitor. And in the cloud we’re many times the size of Workday, we’re bigger than SAP, and we are going to pass Salesforce in cloud. Let me run a few facts about our cloud. As industry analysts build their waves and quadrants they name cloud leaders in specific cloud areas and Oracle today is the leader across more cloud solutions than Salesforce, Workday and SAP combined. Cloud bookings grew 37% last year. Q4 was the best ever for bookings. Fusion cloud bookings growth was three times the overall growth rate. Fusion HCM, ERP and sales force automation revenue all grew triple-digits. We added 870 cloud customers in Q4 including in HCM nearly 320 customers, with Fusion 110 HCM customers. If I take Workday's reported number of 75 new customers, we are adding customers at four to five times the pace of Workday. In customer experience we added 430 customers with 120 plus Fusion sales force automation wins. With BlueKai now on board along with Eloqua and Responsys, we are the clear number one in marketing automation with bookings growth of 200% this quarter. In sales force automation, bookings grew more than 80% and revenue was up triple-digits. As Larry referenced we added 120 ERP cloud customers in the quarter, all Fusion. In just Q4 we added more ERP cloud customers than Workday's total customer base for financials. More than 70 customers go lives just this quarter with hundreds already live. We are about to deliver release 9 of Fusion this summer. With Fusion we have built the most attractive cloud solution in the industry. We have acquired the most attractive SaaS companies in the industry. We are already number one or number two in every SaaS category and we won't stop until we are number one in every category. Just like hardware where we focused in engineered systems in software we are focused on the cloud. We are executing, we are winning and we are going to be number one. And with that I'll turn it over for questions.
Ken Bond: Before we go to questions, Chelsea, I want to call out that we understand that some of you may have difficulty hearing parts of Mark's comments. So we will continue to move forward with the call and we will try to address some of Mark's comments into the Q&A. Chelsea, if you could start the Q&A please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go first to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill – UBS: Thanks, good afternoon. Safra, just on the revenue recognition changes, I'm just curious if you could walk through why now, and I think you stated in the press release that you're seeing a shift to ratable revenue recognition versus upfront, and if you could maybe just talk through how long you think that will take to accelerate the sales process to align to this new model?
Safra Catz: Okay. So, thanks for the question. Let me clarify my quote. Really we have -- we always, always recognize SaaS and PaaS cloud subscriptions over time. That's always been the way we do it. New licenses, we recognize upfront. We haven't changed any of our actual accounting. What happened is that more of our software revenues are coming in as SaaS subscription, which we recognize over time versus new license deals, which we recognize upfront. So we haven't actually changed any of our accounting, it's just that with our focus on cloud and the fact that we are selling more cloud, we recognize that ratably over time as appropriate on that contract, and so a bigger piece of software and what we use to call software and cloud subscription -- new software license and cloud subscription, a larger piece of it is recognized over time. Did you understand me or should I try that again?
Brent Thill – UBS: No, that's great. I guess just from a go-to-market maybe, Mark, just that process of putting that in place. How long does that take to get the sales aligned to that process?
Mark Hurd: Well, -- can you hear me okay now? I just want to make sure; I'm at a different microphone. But when you hire a sales person who is selling cloud, they are really selling ARR, which is Annual Recurring Revenue. Roughly speaking, ARR is a third of a license. It's not precisely right. It differs a little bit by solution, but it roughly right. So therefore we take roughly three years for somebody to get to the same productivity of what you'd think of in the license model. So that's probably the timeframe you should be thinking of, and it's Larry.
Larry Ellison: Okay. There are two things. There is the rate in which -- This is Larry. The rate at which we recognize revenue, which of course statutorily whenever we sell a cloud subscription whether it's Platform-as-a-Service, Software-as-a-Service, Infrastructure-as-a-Service, you always recognize the revenue ratably by month versus selling a license, you recognize it upfront. That's the accounting. The sales force is motivated by their commissions. And we’ve made it commission neutral. In other words the sales force doesn't really care if they sell a license or they sell a subscription. They get paid the same amount in either case. So the sales force has -- there is no time at all required for the sales force to transition to this new model. They get paid equally for a cloud subscription or a license. So there is no transition time, it's zero. What is different and what Safra was explaining is that we as our cloud business gets bigger and I think everybody wants our cloud business to get bigger, I certainly do. We actually make more money when we sell a cloud subscription. We breakeven –- a subscription is probably after three years as Mark pointed out. We get about the same amount of money from a subscription after three years as we get from a license. But these subscriptions last three, four or five, 10, 15, 20 years, so we make a lot more money on a subscription, but we recognize the money over time. So as we make the transition to selling more cloud software services as opposed to upfront licenses, we will recognize the cloud revenue over time. And that eventually, that cloud revenue eventually will grow to be even bigger than our license revenue, at least that’s our plan and we will make more money doing that over time. But during the transition selling those cloud subscriptions what would have been a license is now recognized over time. So we are going to recognize the revenue more slowly. And that will somewhat affect the top line during the transition. That's okay, because in the long-term we make much, much more money. And we can effectively compete against this whole new array of competitors like Salesforce and Workday versus the previous generation of competitors like SAP and IBM.
Brent Thill – UBS: Very clear, thank you.
Operator: We will move on to Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks. This question is for Safra. Safra, you were able to keep the operating margins flat at about 47% despite among other things, a big 10% growth in sales and marketing in fiscal '14. I just wanted to ask you if you look forward to fiscal '15, do you think that pace of sales investments is likely to moderate and how comfortable are you with Oracle returning to year-over-year margin improvement in this fiscal '15? Thank you.
Safra Catz: Well. I actually expect us to continue to improve over time to be honest with you. The one thing that could maybe impact our margins negatively is if we are like voraciously successful with cloud in the next year or so such that a lot of revenue comes in this cloud even though I don't recognize it upfront. And so we have expenses, some expenses related to that, that are not matched by our other improvements in productivity in the rest of the business. Generally, I think we've got it very, very well balanced and I actually expect our operating margins to improve because we made the big investments in the field already. In most regions the big, big investments have gone in over the past three years and I don't expect them to continue to increase at that rate. Mark, Larry, do you want to comment on?
Mark Hurd: No. I think well, Safra says it right. We have gone through a sizable build up based on the strategy that we described to you previously. We are still adding. We are not adding at the pace that we were adding. So I think you should expect that Larry talked about pretty exciting opportunity for us in PaaS, the last sales people in the area of PaaS and there will be some complementary areas to the sales force that we've got. But you won't see the size of increases that you have seen over the past two or three years.
Safra Catz: And this could be outweighed by revenue growth and this could be outweighed by revenue growth as well as profitability improvements in the rest of business.
Mark Hurd: It is a reasonable to point to bring up because it sort of relates to that first question that came up that as our sales force now becomes more productive particularly when you see cloud booking. Larry gave you a very important statement about some thoughts about cloud bookings in 2015. As those numbers turned from bookings into revenue, that turns into a very attractive model as it relates to your first question about our operating margins.
Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank: Got it, very helpful.
Operator: Walter Pritchard with Citi has the next question.
Walter Pritchard – Citi: Hi, Safra. I am wondering if you could talk about -- you gave guidance for license three months ago and you were towards to the low end of that. I wonder if you could help people understand what the source of the deviation was there. You did talk about you are seeing more demand show up in SaaS. Was the total sort of volume or demand you saw from the software perspective SaaS and traditional on-prem license in line of what you expect at the midpoint or is at the low end? Just trying to calibrate versus what you got given all of the moving pieces.
Safra Catz: I think we are doing better in cloud than we expected that has become extremely, extremely popular and as a result we have rest of the growth in new license, we have a lot more in cloud but obviously I am not recognizing all that cloud upfront. In fact some of it especially stepped this actually booked in Q4 is not recognized at all and so it shows up later as you will see we are on projecting cloud growth in the high 20s to 30s in my guidance which is obviously a reflection of what's been going on. Cloud is doing extremely, extremely well and sometimes to the extent, you know the customer's alternative of course would have been to buy a license. And so that's what we are doing. I am actually thrilled that we are where we are in new license considering how much cloud growth we've got.
Walter Pritchard – Citi: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kash Rangan with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi; one observation and a question. Observation is, you folks have done a remarkable job growing your earnings through this cloud transition and investing in the sales force which is something that many large cap tech and many large cap software companies are not able to -- that speaks to the power of the model. But my observation was that, Safra, I think you mentioned applications up about 6% or so which is commendable especially given the cloud transition. But any commentary on the technology side of the equation. Did that come in? How did that stay relative to your expectations and how should we think about the 12C cycle is the best of the 12C cycle yet to come especially with the multi-tenant option and the in memory option. Just trying to get a gauge whether there was any transition issue involved in the quarter on the tech side. Thank you very much.
Safra Catz: Actually, it's a good question. I am going to get Mark and Larry talk about the new products in the database. But actually what went down in this quarter was a incredibly difficult compare in technology over Q4 last year actually. So I am actually very satisfied with where we came out on the tech side, happy with the app side and overall, extremely happy about what's going on in cloud for us.
Mark Hurd: In the comparison we did a huge deal. Salesforce.com is entirely based on the Oracle database and Oracle technology and in Q4 last year of course they decided to standardize for the next 10 years, actually more precise in the next nine years on the Oracle database and we had a very large deal with Salesforce.com which created a bit of a difficult compare for us this year in the tech portion of our business.
Safra Catz: With that our new products, Larry, just did launch last week.
Larry Ellison: Yes. In term of 12C clearly the 12C is brand new. We think the multi-tenant option and the in memory option are very, very attractive especially to cloud companies. Most of the cloud companies are based on the Oracle database. We are, for example, this last Q4 we did a huge -- a big deal with SAP was success factors is based entirely on Oracle. So people are using the Oracle database in the cloud. So we had a nice deal with them. We had a nice deal a year ago, nice deal with Salesforce.com, obviously net suite at abate. But virtually everybody with the exception of Workdays based on the Oracle database. And we think these two features the in-memory feature and the multi-tenant feature really will allow us to deliver by far the best database experience in the cloud. And that should drive our database sales for the next few years.
Mark Hurd: Okay. Just a little bit of color for you on the database number. First, database to Larry's point was a tough compare in the U.S., but in Europe we grew double-digits. So we had very strong database growth in Europe and so really was that one compare that Larry has described. Middleware had growth in the quarter as well which was good to see. And of course as Safra mentioned our apps business, I mean sort of enjoyed the benefit the other way, about 6% growth in apps and just to get context Kash, I want to emphasize that we had 6% growth in apps license. Sometimes we have on premise at the same time as we had the bookings growth that I referenced which was [37%] (ph) for the year in cloud bookings and it becomes so popular here. So we actually got both benefits in the quarter, so a strong quarter for us.
Operator: Moving on to Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo: Hey, good afternoon, guys. I actually have a couple of questions on just cloud and applications overall, maybe first Larry. Which product areas are you seeing best traction, fastest growth? And then the second part maybe Mark, can you maybe breakdown adoption by region because the U.S. look like it was a little slower compared to EMEA and I am trying to figure out if that's a reflection of perhaps greater cloud growth or adoption in the U.S. relative to Europe and on premise licensing. Thanks.
Larry Ellison: I think we are recognized clearly as the leader in marketing and of course our marketing suite Gartner recognizes that as the leader in marketing in the cloud, we are the upper right hand company. And we had great growth in marketing and we are getting traction both in B to C, and B to B end marketing doing very, very well. HCM, kind of across board we are doing extremely well from core HCM to recruiting in talent. We've just been very, very successful in HCM. Its early days in ERP, however, Q4 was a great ERP, Fusion ERP. And this is all the stuff that we built. This is all Fusion, it took us eight, nine, ten years, whatever you want, although I didn't logged on to build on next generation cloud products, Fusion ERP, Fusion HCM, Fusion CRM. It was the top road. But we are beginning to get really serious traction especially in North America for ERP. Our HCM products are doing extremely well in North America. We were head-to-head against Workday. And we are running the table in EMEA and HCM. We really are the dominant supplier in the cloud in EMEA. In terms of the adoption rates, I mean obviously cloud is much slower to be adopted in Asia-Pac. I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Hurd: I think, Jason, a couple of points. One, HCM, I think we are doing really well. I mean I know nobody loves it when I read all names, but to be very blunt, our wins in the quarter were significant, just a couple, Cox Enterprises, ITEN, Fair Isaac, National Instruments, Vivendi, Xerox, Fairmont Hotel, these are just a few of the quality brands we took down in HCM alone. So we had a strong HCM quarter. We were actually going up against a strongest HCM compare last year that we've seen, but it was very, very impressive. So I think we have a position in HCM, where we're battling out with Workday. We think we're winning a lot more than we're losing, and we're doing really well internationally, particularly in Europe as Larry described. Marketing, we won Kaiser, ITEN, Lexmark, Panasonic, Thomson Reuters, Time Warner Cable, Ricoh, I mean these are quality names that have adopted the Oracle marketing. And I could go on across all these areas. So as I described in my prepared comments that maybe you couldn't hear, when you look at these Gartner waves or Gartner Quadrant (indiscernible) and Forrester waves, we lead in more of these waves and quadrants than our three cloud competitors combined. So I really feel very good about where we are now. And your question about regions, I think you're taking the long conclusion out of Europe versus United States. Our U.S. cloud business has done very well. You don't see it reflected in the numbers quite as well, because of the conversation we had a couple of questions ago about the recognition of subscription revenue, but the bookings in the United States are quite strong. Our relative position in Europe maybe stronger, but the adoption is slower relative to what we've seen in the U.S. Europe has done fantastic. Let me take nothing away from Europe. But where you're really seeing them done a great job up is winning what's available in the European market, and they've done a great job in our traditional business at the same time.
Operator: We'll now hear from Richard Sherlund with Nomura Securities.
Richard Sherlund - Nomura: Thank you. I just want to follow-up on 12c. Larry, would you envision what the capabilities of 12c that your SaaS partners that use Oracle will re-architect their products to support multi-tenancy at the database level and take advantage in memory capabilities as well to advance the apps offered on top of 12c?
Larry Ellison: Well, if you've already put multi-tenancy, let me answer your re-architecture question, what the 12c database does, the multi-tenant feature takes an existing application that doesn't have multi-tenancy build into it at the application layer and make those existing applications all multi-tenant. So there are a lot of companies that want to get to the cloud. I mean I'm going just take out of thin air Cerner, who really don't have multi-tenant products, but would like to get to the cloud. They'd be a perfect example of the company who runs on top or Oracle that would like to get to the cloud where the Oracle multi-tenant database gives them fast track to the cloud, and fast track of -- very fast big data analytics with our in-memory options. So those two things I think will be instrumental get us moving our huge ISD community for the cloud on top of our platform. We think that's a gigantic opportunity, and let me emphasize, Salesforce is really two businesses, Salesforce.com; they're leader in the cloud. They have two businesses. They have got there Salesforce automation business, which is most of their application business. And then they have got what they now call Salesforce 1, which is their platform business. Our platform business is made up of the Oracle database with multi-tenants, in-memory and the world's most popular programming language, Java. We have virtually every ISD runs on top of the Oracle database. Virtually all of these companies would like to be able to move their offerings to the cloud. We now enabled that. Our platform is just coming out this fall. This is a net new business for us going forward, moving all these ISDs into the cloud. We think this might be the biggest single -- in an opportunity-rich world as we're seeing our SaaS applications, the growth is accelerating. We're growing much faster. So this year, 50% bookings I mentioned before, we're seeing the demand for our SaaS applications accelerate absolutely. And having a broad portfolio gives us a lot of room to grow. PaaS is this new opportunity, where a bunch of companies are just chomping at the bit to get their businesses to the cloud. We can move that ISD community to cloud with 12c. We think that's a gigantic opportunity. And it's going to help us grow our Saas Paas business and make us number one in both categories.
Richard Sherlund - Nomura: Is the in-memory piece as important as the multi-tenancy?
Larry Ellison: Well, it's different pieces, right? I mean the multi-tenancy piece basically let you get to the cloud period with multi-tenancy. And the in-memory piece allows you to offer big data analytics. And what you're asking me, which is more important, big data analytics or multi-tenancy in the cloud, I think they're both crucial to modern computing. These are two of the biggest, biggest parts of modern computing. People spend a lot of time talking about the cloud and getting to the cloud, getting your business to the cloud and modernizing it. And big data analytics, I mean they're number one and number two in the conversation about technology these days in all of the meeting I've been.
Operator: Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs has the next question.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you so much. As Oracle continues with its success in the cloud, over time -- I know you mentioned the revenue benefits over time, but I'm wondering how we think about the long-term operating margin profile of the company as you guys continue down the path of your success? And then also just a follow-up for Mark; knowing you had a tough comp in the U.S. with the Salesforce.com deal in the Americas, was there anything else impacting growth in the region, in the quarter and on the flipside, you had one of the best growth rates we've seen out of you guys in EMEA in quite some time, is there anything there that you can highlight?
Safra Catz: Why don't you take the question first? And then I'll move in.
Mark Hurd: In the U.S., no, everything roughly behaved as we expected. That's the issue on the comp. Europe, I've said this I know multiple times on these calls, they just executed marvelously. They've taken enormous amounts of market share. They have just done a great job, and it's across, Heather, really all aspects of our business. It's across our engineered systems business, our database business, our middleware business, our SaaS business. They were the first to add sales capacity. They had a sales capacity really three and a half years ago, and they've trained and assimilated that capacity, and that capacity has now got us in materially more deals. Simultaneously, we've been able to take some very strategic transactions as we did this quarter that are just part of that overall series of success as we've seen out of Europe. And I think as you know, Europe hasn't been the most robust economy over the course of that timeframe. So I think our team there has just executed marvelously.
Safra Catz: Heather, on your margin question, as you can see in the numbers and they basically speak for themselves. We've been doing this buildup and investment all within our profitability envelope. You can look at our cash flow statements. You can see our capital investments. We're incredibly advantaged because we make virtually absolutely everything in the cloud that we need, whether it's the hardware, engineered system, the software, the operating system, the database, we have it all. And we have a business that is at such scale that we have enormous economies of scale. We can add customers at an extremely high profitability level, because we have so many customers generally. And additionally because we control literally so much of our own supply chain, so we can deliver these services and we already have the sales force, we have everything in place. And we are not even at scale in cloud. So imagine at scale what's going to happen here, and as these new bookings which in this heavy growth period actually start to rain back as revenue, we're extremely optimistic about our ability to grow cloud. And over time, as I said in my prepared remarks, in the short-term less revenue come in. In the long-term and medium-term, more revenue come in. And simultaneously, our customers spend and save an enormous amount of money themselves. So it's really a win/win as well for both of us.
Mark Hurd: Let me just add … 
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Larry Ellison: Let me just add one little piece, which is the two parts of the cloud business that we're focused on are SaaS, the applications and PaaS, the platform database and Java programming language. We think inherently those businesses are 40%-50% margin businesses. We think that's not the case in Infrastructure-as-a-Service business. We think that's a lower margin business, but we think we can run it profitably in association with our SaaS and PaaS businesses. Where we're really trying to grow the business, where we're determined to be number one is in SaaS and PaaS. We're in infrastructure of service as a convenience to our customers, who want to have one stop shopping and buy their applications platform and infrastructure at the same place. But we think collectively, those three businesses, as Safra said we're our supply chain. So we buy electricity in buildings; everything else we make. And we think we can deliver the cloud services without compromising our margins whatsoever.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question will come from Joel Fishbein with BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Fishbein - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. Mark, I might have missed this, but I just wanted to get some more color on the integrated systems. It looks like the business was a little weaker than we have expected -- I'd love to get some color around that. I might have missed it on your opening comments.
Mark Hurd: You mean engineered systems, correct, Joel?
Joel Fishbein - BMO Capital Markets: Engineered systems, sorry, Mark.
Mark Hurd: Yeah, strong quarter, best quarter we ever had. So, just to be clear, I think I said this in Q3 that Q3 was the best you we ever had except for this Q4 that we're going to have, that we've had, and we beat it in Q4. Now, in Q4 was that same deal that Larry described earlier as a comparison and as Safra mentioned, I think she said in her remarks, but also if she didn't, we have double-digit growth in engineered systems in the quarter. So it was a record for us and very strong. We couldn't grow hardware the way we did without engineered systems having a strong quarter. So we are also excited about that.
Joel Fishbein - BMO Capital Markets: All right. Thanks a lot.
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Joel.
Operator: And Mr. Bond, I'll turn things back to you for closing or additional remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. Our apologies for the technical difficulty this afternoon, we understand that the webcast came through cleanly. A telephonic replay of the conference call will be available shortly. Dial-in information for that webcast replay can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speak with you soon. Thank you again for joining us. And with that, I'll turn it back to Chelsea for closing the call.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Bond. Again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-03-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Conference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Kelly, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2014 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. 
 On the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President and CFO, Safra Catz; and President, Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. 
 Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. And we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-Q and 10-K and any applicable amendment, for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. 
 And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. 
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Safra. 
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. I'm going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q3. I'll then review guidance for Q4 and turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. This quarter, currency was a 1% headwind to new software license and a 2% headwind to hardware and total revenue. In addition, EPS this year was reduced by $0.02 due to a currency remeasurement nonoperating loss for Venezuela that obviously had not been included in my guidance. In Q3 of last year, Venezuela's devaluation had a $0.01 impact. 
 Q3 for us was a solid quarter, and overall, we're pleased with our results. Core businesses were within guidance and areas of investor focus, including cloud, Engineered Systems and hardware, all delivered strong results. 
 My comments today are generally going to reflect constant dollar growth rates, unless I mention it otherwise. Total software revenues were nearly $7 billion, up 6% from last year. Software updates and product support revenues drove nearly 1/2 the total company revenue at $4.6 billion, up 7% from last year. Q3 renewal rates were at a 4-year high, as our installed base of 400,000 customers continues to power earnings and cash flow. New software license revenues were $2.4 billion, up 5%. 
 Looking at GAAP results by region, the Americas grew 9%, with Latin America particularly strong, and EMEA grew 3%. Asia Pacific, though, declined, with Australia and India both down. Within software, cloud subscriptions were $292 million, up 24% from last year. As our cloud business continues to ramp, bookings growth was again much higher than cloud subscription revenue growth. 
 We've been using Fusion accounting for our own financial reporting for 2 years. And revenues for all portfolios of Fusion, including financial, supply chain, HCM and customer experience, grew triple digits. 
 Now as our cloud business becomes more material, I want to share how cloud subscriptions affect our financials. Most obvious is that revenue is initially lower, as subscription license revenue is recognized over the life of the agreement as opposed to license revenue being taken upfront. Over time, since we are providing much more than just the software and the update, the revenue is higher. The additional value we are providing is the hardware, including our Engineered Systems, the hosting and the expertise that only Oracle can provide, while leveraging the economies of scale that we have. 
 So while customers are paying over time, they're using and paying for more Oracle products through cloud subscription. They are paying less in total because they too can benefit from our operating synergies. Net-net, the cloud operating business is attractive for both customers and for Oracle, but especially so given the integration of Oracle hardware, software and expertise.
 For software, database continues to do very well, with Exadata, Exalytics and Business Intelligence software products all up more than 30%. Also strong was customer experience and/or CRM, both on-premise and SaaS, as well as our communications and project management verticals. The quarter was not dependent on any one large deal. 
 Hardware system product revenue was $725 million, up 10% from last year. Obviously, we're pleased to have exceeded our guidance, but it's also nice to report growth. Engineered Systems grew more than 30%, and this spectacular growth is reflected not only in our hardware growth, but also in the very long list of customer wins we had against IBM. Engineered Systems now account for nearly 1/3 of all hardware product sales. 
 Hardware gross margins are down about 2 points, because we are packing the newest systems with more memory without raising prices. Hardware support was $600 million, up 7% from last year, but down sequentially on normal -- our normal seasonal pattern. 
 For the company, total revenue for the quarter was $9.3 billion, up 6% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income grew $188 million to $4.4 billion, up 6% over last year. And the operating margin was 47%, again. 
 We believe we can invest for growth and make money, as we continue to see leverage in our business model. As I mentioned earlier, included in our nonoperating expense is a foreign currency remeasurement loss of $110 million related to our Venezuelan subsidiary. Were it not for this loss, EPS would have been $0.02 higher. 
 The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 23%. The non-GAAP EPS was USD 0.68, growing 7% in constant currency. The GAAP tax rate was 21%, and GAAP EPS for the quarter was USD 0.56, up 10% in constant currency. 
 Free cash flow increased 11% to $14.4 billion over the last 4 quarters. We now have more than $37 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt, our cash position is approximately $13 billion. As we've said before, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through earnings growth, stock repurchases and a dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 55.4 million shares for a total of $2 billion. Over the last 12 months, we've repurchased nearly 360 [ph] million shares, for a total of $10.7 billion and reducing -- and reduced our share count by 5%. 
 We've also paid out more than $1.6 billion in dividends this fiscal year so far. Stock repurchases and dividends have totaled more than 85% of free cash flow over the last 12 months, and the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.12 per share. 
 Now to the guidance. And if currency were to stay where it is today, then the impact of currency would be minimal. Of course, this could change quickly. New software license and cloud subscription revenue growth is expected to range from 0% to 10%. Hardware product revenue growth is expected to range from 0% to 10%. As a result, total revenue growth on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 3% to 7% in recorded dollars. 
 Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.92 and $0.99 in constant dollars and in reported dollars. GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.79 to $0.86. Now I want to remind you that last year we recognized an acquisition-related benefit of $269 million in connection with the Pillar Data Systems earnout. 
 Excluding that benefit, GAAP EPS last Q4 would have been $0.74. This guidance assumes a GAAP tax rate of 21.5% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 23.5%. And of course, it may end up being different. Finally, my guidance does not take into account any additional nonoperating remeasurement losses as a result of exchange rate changes in Venezuela. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Larry for his comments. 
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Oracle's Engineered Systems, including Exadata and SPARC SuperClusters, achieved a 30% constant currency growth rate in the quarter, while throughout the industry, traditional high-end server product lines are in steep decline. 
 Our Engineered Systems business is growing rapidly for the same fundamental reason that our cloud applications business is growing rapidly. In both cases, customers want us to integrate the hardware and software and make it work together so they don't have to. 
 As customers shift from -- to pre-integrated hardware and cloud computing in search of lower cost and more rapid implementations, Oracle is presented with new opportunities for leadership in a number of market categories. 
 Five years ago, we delivered our first Exadata machine. In the next few months, we will deliver our 10,000th Engineered System. We believe Oracle's Engineered Systems are well on their way to replacing IBM pSeries as the leader in high-end computing.
 Eight years ago, we started to rewrite all of our applications for the cloud. Now those, Fusion ERP, HCM and CRM cloud applications are competing effectively with SaaS product specialists like Salesforce and Workday. SAP has not yet begun to rewrite their ERP, HCM and CRM applications for the cloud. This gives us the opportunity to become the leader in cloud applications and replace SAP as the leader in the overall applications marketplace.
 Strong sales of our cloud applications, Engineered Systems and 12c database demonstrate that Oracle is successfully exploiting the transition to the new generation of cloud computing and big data. Mark? 
Mark Hurd: Sure. Just a couple of comments. Solid results for us in Europe and North America. Latin America was very strong for us, while Asia Pac was mixed. Japan had a solid quarter. 
 In cloud, this was our best quarter ever. Excellent bookings growth, more than 60%. The booking growth more than doubled the revenue growth, as we're just winning in the cloud across all portfolios. Contract sizes are growing. More than 65 7- or 8-figure deals, with many driven by Fusion HCM and sales cloud. We're seeing good growth from acquired cloud offerings and Fusion cloud growth was even better, with HCM, sales force automation, and ERP all up triple digits. 
 In HCM, we added 250 customers or roughly 4x to 5x the number reported by Workday. We're seeing excellent growth across all solutions, core HR, payroll and Talent Cloud, double-digit growth in Taleo and triple-digit growth in Fusion HCM. In ERP, triple-digit growth with a bigger customer base than Workday. And we're growing faster, period. 
 In customer experience, we added more than 260 new customers with strong growth across all our solutions: marketing, sales, service and social clouds. Our 60%-plus cloud booking growth is considerably higher than salesforce.com. 
 Our Fusion products are now in release 8, with 1,000 new features in that release, with improvements. Coming with release 9 again this summer will be a similar number of new features. So release 8, 1,000 new features, release 9 this summer with roughly the same number of features. Along with responses in BlueKai soon, we continue to gain momentum on the product side, the customer side, and you will see this in our financial performance. 
 At hardware, 10% overall growth. We grew in every single region. We're growing while our competitors are declining. We're taking share and we created a new category in high-end computing, Engineered Systems. As Larry mentioned, soon, we will have sold more than 10,000 Engineered Systems, and our 32% growth rate this quarter is against a meaningful comparison. In fact, Q3 last year was the all-time record, at that time, for systems sold. 
 All major Engineered Systems products grew double-digits, SPARC SuperCluster saw triple-digit growth again this quarter. Both the T server and NAS storage saw good growth, and combined with Engineered Systems, these products now make up nearly 2/3 of all product revenue and grow roughly 20%. 
 Database continues to show strong performance and we've not yet begun to see the coming benefits of 12c, which will help drive license growth. Middleware was very strong as well, with double-digit growth, led by excellent performance in data analytics. Cloud and Engineered Systems are 2 hypergrowth businesses inside the largest cash flow company, enterprise technology. 
 And with that, we'll take whatever questions you've got. 
Ken Bond: Kelly? Can they, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. 
Karl Keirstead: My question is for Mark. I guess the stronger momentum in Oracle's cloud software bookings and revenue growth really jumped out at me among the data points in the release. I know you gave some good color by product. Wondering if you might add a little bit more depth to help us understand what the broader drivers were. Was it Oracle doing a better job cross-selling on acquisitions? Was it the better functionality in Fusion version 7? Maybe any other factors that you think are worth highlighting. 
Mark Hurd: Yes. I mean -- and the good news I'd tell you is that we're just better at almost every part of this. I mean, I really don't know how much, how -- I think we felt we knew a lot a year ago or a couple of years ago. We just know a lot more now. We're better at -- we're better from a product perspective. I talked to you a little bit about what we've got in release 8. I mean, its 1,000 new features across the entire release. So big, big jump from a product perspective. We obviously have more feet on the street than we had. And certainly not just more feet on the street, but they've been in place longer. They've been now trained multiple times. And clearly, the perception in the market now has improved a better cloud position. I think last quarter, our 35% growth was good news, and clearly, this 60% growth is even better news. So I think that will help us as well. But it is broad based, Karl. So there's no one deal in here. There's no one product line that drove it. It's really across all of our product lines. As I mentioned, our Fusion products, our organic Fusion products, really had a fantastic quarter. Fusion HCM, Fusion sales automation and Fusion ERP, all 3, very strong. And it's really true across most regions as well. I don't have a region story that would be unique to the growth rate. It was fairly consistent across all regions. So I hope that's helpful. 
Operator: We'll move next to Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. 
Raimo Lenschow: The other area that stood out this quarter was hardware. And it fits -- it's a bit puzzling, because like if I look at the IBM numbers, they are declining quite significantly. You mentioned some of the drivers there already. Can you just kind of go a little bit deeper in there and also kind of how you see that kind of -- we've been waiting for a turnaround in hardware for a while? Now all the things that you're talking are coming through. Is that kind of something sustainable? And how do you see that playing out against the competition going forward? 
Lawrence Ellison: It's absolutely sustainable because Engineered Systems has been growing rapidly for a long time. We keep talking about it. Now the problem has -- a couple of years ago, was Engineered Systems was a small percentage of the total. Now Engineered Systems has grown up to be over 30% of the total. So there's very -- and soon, it's going to be 1/2 of the total. So that's very, very positive. The x86 commodity business, which used to be a big business when we bought Sun, has now shrunk to almost nothing. So our hardware business has gone through the transition where we've gotten out of the commodity storage business, we've gotten out of the commodity server business and replaced it with computing systems with a lot of our own intellectual property. There -- these businesses are growing rapidly and have very good margins. The reason we compete with IBM pSeries all the time head-to-head. And it's not uncommon for our systems to go -- to be several times faster than IBM. Let me give you one example, without saying who the competitor was. We replaced a system at -- in the world's largest cloud company. You guys can figure out who that is, world's largest cloud company. We delivered an Exadata system to them. They moved their application and got it live in 3 weeks and experienced 10x better performance at a fraction of the cost. This is not uncommon, when we install an Exadata machine or a SPARC SuperCluster, to have a very rapid implementation, deliver terrific performance at a dramatically lower overall cost because all of the complexity of integration is done by us, not by them. 
Mark Hurd: I'd add to your comment, you asked if it was sustainable. What I'd hope you'd be encouraged by was if you looked at our performance over the past several quarters, you've seen the reflection of our execution of our strategy in hardware support. You've seen hardware support continued to incline year-over-year and sequentially in terms of its performance. We grew now at 7% in Q3, which is a reflection of what Larry described. The fact that there is higher Oracle IP directly relates to our attach rates and eventually what turns into hardware support. So we now have our core businesses that have all been refreshed, and that's why I mentioned it. Our T-Systems, our Network Attached Storage or ZFS storage and our Engineered Systems are now almost 70% of our revenue. And all 3 of those are growing. And they are gaining share. So it's sustainable. I -- listen, I can't predict the macro, but I can predict we will continue to gain share. And to add to Larry's point, we just don't compete with the server vendors, we actually do a lot of other things than just compete with an IBM. I mean, we compete with EMC, frankly, when we get into those environments, because we radically change our customer's storage requirements. If our customers got a petabyte of storage, we can -- we know how to compress that data, with Exadata, to where they may only need to use 100 terabytes. And so this opportunity for us to now change the game and the way people think about how they use their infrastructure is, in my opinion, long term, a very sustainable strategy. And we've got differentiation, and that's what we're using. 
Operator: We'll hear now from Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo. 
Jason Maynard: I had a 2-parter question for you. The first part is -- Larry, maybe talk a little bit about 12c and how you think it influences the hardware business next year. I know there's a -- the c can stand for cloud. But I'd be curious to get your take on the consolidation opportunity. And then as part of that, Safra made a quick comment about, I think, the renewal rates in your largest revenue line around license update and support. I'd love to get a little more color from there and how you're seeing 12c influence maintenance renewals and customers subscribing for support. 
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. I'll start with 12c in terms of its rate of uptake there. There are 2 key aspects of 12c, one that came out with the initial release, which is the multi-tenant feature, that's why it's called 12c for the cloud. It literally takes any application that you've got, any Oracle application you've got and makes it a multi-tenant application. Even companies like salesforce.com, who we're both a supplier and a -- to salesforce.com and a competitor with salesforce.com. I just recently got a note from Marc Benioff who's excited about bringing in Exadata and 12c and making that the basis of salesforce.com's cloud computing infrastructure, that they put their application on. So we're seeing adopters with very, very high standards in terms of having to supply millions of users reliably and cost effectively in the cloud, talk about moving their entire business to 12c and Exadata. That's just the tip of the iceberg, these hyperscale companies. We think virtually all of our customers are on their way to moving to 12c. Now some -- the early adopters, and then there's the rest of the guys who come down on -- down the road a bit later. But we think it's very attractive to our conventional customers and to hyperscale customers like Salesforce and others. I'll let -- the second piece is the in-memory piece. And we think that comes out this summer, comes out June, basically, June, July, August, something like that. And we think that's going to accelerate the adoption of 12c a lot. I think the performance gains there are so dramatic, we think people will -- even the people who like to wait a while for the new features and make -- maybe wait 6 months or 1 year before they try it out, there are people trying it out now -- hundreds of people trying it out now before it's even released. So we think this is a unique feature in terms of being able to have a huge payoff right away. And we think 12c will be the most rapidly adopted new release in many, many years for those 2 reasons, in-memory and multi-tenancy features. I'll let Safra comment about the renewal rates. 
Safra Catz: The renewal rates in database are always extremely strong. Folks make really long-term bets on our database. And because we just continue to provide the kind of innovation Larry's talking about, they are -- they always renew. I mean, it doesn't make sense not to. They get just so much enormous value. We continue to invest in the database, as Larry just mentioned. And as a result, renewal rates remain extremely, extremely high for the database, for all our products, to be frank. But database is always great. And it remained again that way this quarter and all year. 
Operator: We'll hear now from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. 
Heather Bellini: Mark, I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on the comments you made about modern Middleware and data analytics. If you could help highlight your strategy for us, as well as if you can go over with us your competitive positioning. 
Mark Hurd: Sure. Yes, I mean, I think as I mentioned, the Middleware growth was strong. Underneath it, data analytics was very, very strong. Our growth in data analytics was -- in the tech part of data analytics was greater than 40%. So it's a big number now. We've done several things. One, we've seen a couple of shifts. Well first, we've added a lot of salespeople. Second, with the addition of our Endeca product line, more addition of Exalytics, we brought a lot of new technology to the space. We've also seen the competitors that we compete with shift. Traditionally, Oracle would see BusinessObjects and Cognos, and we actually see Tableau a lot more than we see those 2 at this point. And frankly, I think the integration work we've done within Endeca with Exalytics has paid off. The sales people we brought have paid off. And you see it show up in our results. There are other things in Middleware, Heather, that performed very well as well. But of materiality, that's probably the one to call out, which is data analytics. 
Lawrence Ellison: If I could just add one thing to that. With the release of Oracle in-memory database with 12c, our data analytics performance is going to increase by more than a factor of 10, some cases it's up more than a factor of 100. So we think this summer, with 12c, our data analytics business is going to take off. And of course, the intention is to sell a lot of those data analytics products in the cloud as opposed to on-premise. We will give customers a choice, but we'll offer that data analytics in the cloud, data analytics on premise. It's a big push for us. As Mark said, we see new competitors and an opportunity, and once again, to move to the front of the pack, to become the #1 data analytics company in the world. We think the new competitors are small and innovative. The old competitors have a lot of market share, and we think that market share is there for the taking as long as we can deliver high-quality technology, and that's what we'll do this summer. 
Mark Hurd: I should have mentioned that, too. Larry triggered that thought. We did announce some BI offerings in the cloud in the quarter. And so while not yet a material part of our revenue, an awful exciting offering to add to everything else that I and Larry mentioned, in terms of what we're bringing to the market. So we're excited about the space. We think there's opportunity for us to gain material share here. 
Operator: And Rick Sherlund with Nomura has our next question. 
Richard Sherlund: For Larry, can you update us on your progress in delivering your infrastructure stack in the cloud delivered as Platform as a Service? And are there any metrics you can give us on the traction that you're seeing there? 
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. Well, it's available on a limited basis right now. It's going to -- it's going to be available in both Infrastructure as a Service and Platform as a Service. We've done all the pricing. The Infrastructure as a Service, the new price pretty much equivalent to Amazon, that really -- we think that's a commodity business and not in any way a bad -- in a bad sense. To play that game, you have to be -- we're going to have a compute service and a storage service. The storage service is already out, the compute service is going to be released in NAS shortly. And that will be very competitive, we think, with Amazon or anybody else in this business. The big differentiator for us, is along with Infrastructure as a Service, we have a very strong Platform as a Service offering coming out with our infrastructure. And that, of course, our 2 major platform plays. In Middleware, it's Java and the database, of course, it's Oracle. We think that gives us a unique pair of differentiators in the Infrastructure or Platform as a Service as taken together. And we think that's what our customers are going to do. Customers are going to come to us and buy our platform in the cloud, and buy infrastructure in the cloud, and move a lot of their existing applications off -- out of their own data centers into our cloud and they suddenly -- and they can do that without having to change their applications at all. So you can move their applications intact to our cloud and get all of the cost benefits, all of the efficiencies of scale, and they don't have to change the apps at all. We think that's a unique proposition that we offer our customers. And again, delivery time is all this summer. 
Operator: That will be from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. 
Philip Winslow: Just want to build on that last question on the cloud. At OpenWorld, you guys talked about some metrics in terms of Fusion Applications in the cloud and the percentage of customers that are choosing cloud-based deployment of Fusion. Wondering if you could comment on just what you've been saying over the past few quarters there. And then also, just competitively, with Fusion in the cloud, what are you seeing out there, versus Workday, versus salesforce.com? And now that Fusion apps and Fusion apps in the cloud have been out there for, obviously, multiple quarters? 
Mark Hurd: Well, I'll take -- I think what you asked was the deployment of Fusion on-premise versus cloud. I think that's what you asked, and it's cloud, cloud, cloud. So I mean -- let me repeat it one more time, cloud, cloud, cloud is generally where Fusion is deployed. So we've had great success with it. We have great adoption. I think one of the things that's important -- I've seen some opinions. I won't credit a source, there are growth rates -- these exciting growth rates we're describing are coming from acquired properties as opposed to Fusion activities. And I want to make sure I'm clear, Phil, to refute that. Now, it doesn't mean -- I love acquired properties too, so I love them all. But I just want to make sure it's clear in the numbers that our Fusion products are growing very fast, faster than our overall growth rate. Now as it relates to your conversation about Workday, I tried to be as transparent as I could be. I got -- we've got the good fortune that they're transparent in most cases. Although I didn't get to see their customer list this quarter. In previous quarters, I hear their numbers, and we just have more new customers than they do. So it seems like a good metric to me, and we'll continue to see as we move going forward. But we're very comfortable competing with them. We felt very good about release 7. As I told you, we're now in release 8. We're very comfortable with that product. We've gotten our sales organization trained, and we're very comfortable competing with them, and of course, we're growing off a bigger base than them. With Salesforce, we do all of what Larry described, we compete with them. They're a customer at the same time. But in sales automation, were competing with them. We had very strong growth in Fusion sales auto in the quarter. And we're very comfortable with also our position in service cloud. Now that's right now acquired product. But we feel very good about both, but we've added now also the capability in marketing. So we bought a B2B marketing, a leading market automation company B2B in Eloqua. We supplemented that with the leading B2C company in Responsys. And we've now announced our intention to acquire BlueKai. So we believe we have a leadership position in marketing automation, leadership position in service automation. We're on the attack in sales automation, although clearly #2 to Salesforce at that point. But we believe the ecosystem we've now laid out is second to no one and the leading position in the marketplace. And I think it's showing up in our results. 
Operator: And that will be from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch. 
Kash Rangan: First, Mark, any tweaks -- what are the things that are working successfully from a sales execution, go-to-market standpoint that you plan on emphasizing as you look at your business next year? And one for you Safra. Deferred revenues, down sequentially. Can you expand upon what might have contributed to that? 
Mark Hurd: I'll start and let Safra finish. I mean, we've obviously added a lot of capacity. We feel very good about the capacity we've added. We're very focused on those people being very productive. So what you see us investing a lot now is training. I probably mentioned training 3 times during this call. And so as our product set continues to get -- just continues to get better and better and better, and our salespeople now have more time in seat, training is a big deal. Now we will add people next year, as Larry talked about some exciting stuff we now have in platform and in infrastructure, so you'll see us add salespeople. And as we start to compete with again a new competitor, as it relates to platform and infrastructure, you'll see us do some supplemental adding in some other places, but a real keen focus, Kash, on productivity and making these people -- because you can imagine towards -- I guess, the size of our sales force, we have billions of dollars of revenue associated with the productivity gains we can make with the capacity we now have in this company from a sales perspective. 
Lawrence Ellison: If I can add one thing, I mean, just to scale it. As we roll out Platform as a Service and Infrastructure as a Service, we will have specialists selling nothing but Platform as a Service and nothing but Infrastructure as a Service. And we'll have someplace between 500 and 1,000 of them that we're going to add next fiscal year, starting with the class. This is around the world. So again, we go back to this thing that we have a new set of competitors, and we need specialist sales teams that are used to competing with Amazon, other specialist sales teams that are used to competing with IBM pSeries. It's a different sale to a different customer quite often. And so we have -- we're lining up against all of our new competitors and making sure we have sales capacity, as well as a competitive product. 
Safra Catz: Okay. Kash, the Q3 deferred revenues are following the exact same seasonal pattern that they always follow, including last year. So though they're sequentially down, that's really because Q4 is the peak for support renewals, et cetera. And it always goes down from Q2 to Q3 sequentially. I do want to remind you, of course, that it is up over $200 million over the same quarter last year. And that's really what you should be looking at. There's nothing going on as far as burning down or whatever. It's simply the same thing we have every Q3, where it's just as it burns down the big Q4 renewals, and it shows up right there in that line. That's it. 
Operator: That will come from Macquarie's Brad Zelnick. 
Brad Zelnick: Larry, big data is obviously a huge opportunity for Oracle, given your strength in database and traction with Engineered Systems. But from an apps perspective, can you talk about the opportunity to differentiate and drive growth by leveraging big data within the apps themselves? And do you see big data as more of its own category? Or a feature of next-generation applications? 
Lawrence Ellison: I think it's an underlying category. For example, there's no doubt that in-memory databases allow us to analyze large amounts of data more quickly. The fact that our Exadata machines have multiple tiers of caching. We now not only have DRAM and rotating storage, we have a lot of flash memory that we have to manage. It allows us to manage huge amounts of -- huge databases, multi-petabyte databases, and deliver very high performance. So no, we think of big data as an underlying set of technologies. For batch, if you want a big data batch process, the open-source product Hadoop is a very good product, if you're doing batch processing. If you're doing big data realtime processing, then we think the Oracle Database is by far and away, the best manage -- best technology for managing realtime processing of big data. We think this is a category where we're already the leader. And in fact, we're gaining on our competitors. If you look at all of our database competitors, both relational and non-relational databases, we're taking share both on the SQL area and we're growing a lot faster than the no-SQL area. So we're very comfortable that the improvements we've made to our database will allow us to prosper in the big data era. But again, we think of it -- and of course, any application then written on top of Oracle can exploit that data and that application becomes enriched. So our telecommunications billing system, which has to manage huge amounts of transactions with millions and millions of customers, be able to figure out whether to cut off a phone call when someone exceeds their bill and do all of that realtime, that's realtime processing of huge amounts of data by a phone company. Those are the kind of applications we provide that almost no one else can provide. 
Operator: And our final question today will be from Brad Reback with Stifel. 
Brad Reback: Safra, year-to-date, CapEx spending's down about 9%. I know in the past, you've been fairly adamant about not needing to really ramp up CapEx like a lot of your competitors have had. But given the really strong 60% bookings growth in cloud, has any of the thinking changed there? 
Safra Catz: Remember, we have enormous scale that we have not fully tapped. We've been making investments this whole time. And so there'll be -- we will continue to invest as we do now. We have obviously some visibility into our contracts that we've signed. But we have so much scale that we've been investing in for years, much of it still available. And so we're very comfortable where we're at right now. And we budgeted to it, and I don't think you'll be seeing any massive gapping just because our size is so large. And because we have our own hardware, we have our own systems, we can really thoroughly optimize for our applications with compression and all these other things that other folks just don't have the benefit and luxury that we have. 
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. We think, with our Engineered Systems and our data compression technology, we can deliver the same storage and the same compute capacity of our competitors for a lot less money. I mean, that's what we're selling -- we're selling this technology to our customers. That's our pitch. And we think we can build our own data centers just as efficiently. And that's why I don't think you'll ever see our CapEx approach our infrastructure competitors in the cloud. 
Safra Catz: No. No. 
Ken Bond: Thank you. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be reached in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. And we look forward to speaking with you. 
 Thanks for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for closing. 
Operator: Again, that will conclude today's conference. We thank you, all, for joining us.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-12-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Vice President, Investor Relations Safra Catz - President, Chief Financial Officer, Director Mark Hurd - President, Director Larry Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Director
Analysts: Rick Sherlund - Nomura Securities Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo John DiFucci - JPMorgan Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Brent Thill - UBS Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Brad Reback - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation Quarterly Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead.
Ken Bond: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's second quarter fiscal year 2014 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our investor relations website. On the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President and CFO, Safra Catz; and President, Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you from placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports on our 10-K and 10-Q, and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. Finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or any publicly release of information revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we will begin with a few prepared remarks and with that, I will turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Okay. Thanks, Ken. I am traveling today, so I hope you can hear me all right. I am going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q2. I will then review guidance for Q3 and then turn the call over to Mark and Larry for their comments. This quarter currency was a 2% headwind to new license and 1% to hardware and total revenues, so my comments today generally reflect constant dollar growth rates. Q2 was a solid quarter overall as we exceeded our forecast in all major revenue segments and we are pleased with the results. Total software revenues were $6.9 billion, up 5% from last year. Software updates and product support revenues drove about half of total company revenues at $4.5 billion, up 7% from last year. Attach and renewal rates remain at their usual high levels as our growing installed base of customers continue to power earnings and cash flow. New software license revenue was $2.4 billion, up 1%. As many of you know, we had an absolutely fantastic Q2 last year with new software license growth way above expectations of 18%. So we are actually very pleased because that was quite a tough compare and over the last two years we grew 19%. Looking at GAAP results by region, the Americas grew 5% with Latin America showing excellent growth. EMEA grew 3% and Asia-Pacific declined 10% with Japan continuing to be challenged. Currency continues to be a significant headwind in Japan and Australia. Now while our China business is not large enough to make a significant difference to our business, we did actually see good growth there this quarter. Within software, database continues to do well with Exadata software, GoldenGate and TimesTen In-Memory software products, all up more than 20%. Also strong was human capital management, both on-premise and SaaS as well as our retailing and Life Science verticals. The quarter, by the way, wasn't dependent on any one large deal. Overall the hardware business, including hardware support grew 2%, with hardware system product revenue up $714 million and not only have our engineered systems continued to show excellent growth, but they have actually become a material part of our overall hardware business now accounting for nearly 30% of all hardware product sales. While it is still early in the customer adoption cycle, the new M-Series and T-Series servers saw good growth sequentially. For the company, total revenue for the quarter was $9.3 billion, up 3% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.2 billion, up 1% higher over last year and the operating margin was 46%. We believe we can invest for growth and make money as we continue to see the leverage of our business model. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 22% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.69, growing 9% in constant currency. The GAAP tax rate was 20% and GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.56, up 7% in constant currency. Free cash flow increased 14% to a record $14.6 billion over the last four quarters. Our consistent growth of free cash flow over the last [three] [ph] years has resulted in our surpassing IBM which, as you know, has seen declines in the last eight of the last 12 quarters and we now have nearly $37 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt, our cash position is approximately $13 billion. As we said before, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through earnings growth, stock repurchases and a dividend. In this quarter, we repurchased 83.4 million shares for a total of $2.8 billion. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased nearly 323 million shares for a total of $10.7 billion, paid out dividends of nearly $1.9 billion for a total that is nearly 90% of our free cash flow. The Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.12 per share for the quarter. Now to the guidance. New software license and cloud subscription revenue is expected to range from 2% to 12% in constant currency and 1% to 11% in reported dollars. Hardware product revenue growth is expected to range from a negative 1% to a positive 9% in constant dollars and negative 2% to a positive 8% in reported dollars. As a result, total revenue growth on GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 3% to 7% in constant dollars and 2% to 6% in U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.68 and $0.72 in constant and reported dollars. GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.54 to $0.58 in constant dollars and in reported dollars. Now, this guidance assumes a GAAP tax rate of 23% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 24%, and of course that may end up being different. With that, I will turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark Hurd: Yes. Thanks, Safra. I will just add a couple of comments and turn it to Larry. We had solid sales execution and beat forecast in all segments. We had good results in Europe; in the Americas, Latin America was strong for us. Database continues to show good performance due in part to strengthened Exadata and database options and we have not yet begun to see the coming benefits of 12c, which will help drive license growth. Exadata and all our Engineered Systems had booking growth of nearly 35% on top of similar growth last year. All six Engineered Systems saw double-digit revenue growth, including the Big Data Appliance and SPARC SuperCluster, which saw triple-digit growth. Our Engineered Systems business is now big, delivering strong consistent growth in our hardware business, including support grew 2% in constant currency. In Cloud, we had bookings growth of 35%, and saw excellent growth across all major product pillars. Fusion SaaS was even better with HCM, sales force automation and ERP, all up triple digits. We are adding customers at high growth rates, contract sizes are growing and hundreds of customers are now live on Fusion SaaS. In HCM, we had excellent growth in all pillars, core HR, payroll and talent cloud. Let me list out just a few wins. British Telecom, Siemens North America, Carlson Wagonlit, Health Net, InterContinental Hotels, PPG Industries, Cummins, Government of Rotterdam, Southwestern Energy, PDG Realty in Brazil, CEMEX, Marks & Spencer, Scripps Health, those are HCM. BT and Siemens are especially noteworthy as they will both be servicing employee bases of more than 60,000 employees. In customer experience we saw growth across all four pillars, marketing, sales, service and social cloud. Key wins at Oshkosh Truck, All Nippon Airways, Live Nation, Tesco, The Washington Post, Procter & Gamble, Perry Homes, CRH Building Materials, [Econ] [ph] Europe, Queensland's state government, TomTom, LifeScan Canada. In ERP, while still early we saw triple digit growth in ERP, with many of our wins net new ERP customers to Oracle. This quarter, we issued new releases in HCM, talent, sales, marketing and social cloud. We also introduced Hyperion Planning and Budgeting as a cloud service and we expanded our data center talent to 17 locations globally with Canada, Germany and Brazil coming online soon. I will spend a little more time on cloud this quarter as I think it's important to understand what we are seeing and that we are gaining traction. Our Cloud and Engineered Systems business have hyper growth like characteristics, inside to Safra’s point, the largest cash flow company in enterprise technology. The growth of just our software business is more than double the revenue of Workday. Let me with that turn it over to Larry.
Larry Ellison: Thanks, Mark. Oracle enters 2014 with a refreshed version of the key products that are expected to drive growth over the next calendar year. Oracle's latest database version 12c was specifically designed for the cloud. Oracle 12c makes all your Oracle applications multitenant applications without you having to make any changes to your applications whatsoever. Oracle 12c also dramatically speeds up all your Oracle applications by making them in-memory applications without you having to change a single line of your application code. Oracle's Fusion Cloud applications for HCM, CRM and ERP, all have a new simplified user interface and an integrated social network that makes our enterprise applications as easy to use and familiar as Facebook, while enabling better collaboration and teamwork among your employees and your customers. All these new application interfaces were specifically designed for use on modern mobile devices like telephones and tablets. Bookings for our cloud applications grew strongly this quarter, 35%, reflecting a continuously improving win rate versus the new generation of SaaS specialist. Our Engineered Systems bookings also grew rapidly, 34% in this quarter. We think these three product areas, database, cloud applications and engineered systems will drive Oracle's growth in calendar year 2014.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Operator, if we could now begin the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question will come from Rick Sherlund with Nomura Securities.
Rick Sherlund - Nomura Securities: First for Larry. I know it’s early for Oracle cloud infrastructure and Platform as a Service but can you update us on where you stand there? We are seeing really good growth out of Amazon. I know your approach is a bit different but if you could update us on your strategy and where we stand on that? And Mark, if I could just get a little clarification from you on the growth rate on the cloud side. I think you said 35% bookings growth and a triple digit for HCM, CRM and ERP. Was that revenue growth or bookings growth?
Mark Hurd: Rick, why don't we let Larry start and then I will.
Rick Sherlund - Nomura Securities: Yes. Thank you.
Larry Ellison: Okay. Well, Rick, as you know, our strategy is to be a player in all three parts of the cloud. All three levels of cloud: SaaS, cloud applications, platform and infrastructure. We think we are going to be especially strong in platform where our two platform brands, our database brand is the Oracle Database 12c and our programming language brand is this thing called Java. So we think we have a much stronger platform than any of our SaaS competitors. Let's just start from there. If you look at SalesForce.com and Force.com, you look at their platform capabilities versus the Oracle Database and Java and we think we have a considerable advantage and of course all of our SaaS, all of our applications are built on the Oracle Database, built on our platform, our database and our Java server. Finally, down at the infrastructure level, we intend to be price competitive with Amazon and Microsoft Azure and Rackspace. So we intend to compete aggressively in, what I will call, commodity not being a bad word, the commodity infrastructure as a service marketplace. But we are not going to that alone. It is not going to be just infrastructure as a service. Our intention is to sell our customers infrastructure as a service and the same customer a highly differentiated platform as a service will let us get better margins and highly differentiated suite of enterprise applications for the cloud. So we are going to be cost competitive and price competitive at the infrastructure level while being highly differentiated at both the platform level and the application level. Already we have more enterprise SaaS applications than any other cloud services provider. We will continue to expand our footprint and use our size as an advantage.
Mark Hurd: Rick, Mark. I know I threw a lot of numbers out there quick to you on the SaaS growth but what the numbers are is that our aggregate bookings growth in SaaS was 35%. Okay, point one. That includes all of our products. What I was pointing out was that if you look at Fusion HCM, Fusion Sales Automation and Fusion ERP, those three grew in bookings triple digits. That's the delineation.
Rick Sherlund - Nomura Securities: Great. Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Okay.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
Operator: That will come from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Congrats on a great quarter. A lot of time on the call was spent on cloud applications and database, but I want to focus my question on hardware. Obviously, you guys showed some upside to consensus this quarter and you guided next quarter for hardware to grow year-over-year, I guess, this is for both, Mark and Larry. I wonder if you could just give us more comments on what you see on Exadata, Exalogic, Exalytics and then also compare that to just sort of where we are with the [inaudible] business?
Mark Hurd: Yes. I will start and let Larry add. Bookings growth in engineered systems, as I mentioned, was 35%. Important Phil to know, this is a big business now, so, we had 35% growth this quarter against a similar growth rate last year, so this is a compounding effect for us. All six of our engineered systems in the quarter had double-digit revenue growth, and as I mentioned, it was really encouraging I think for us to see SPARC SuperCluster had an excellent quarter for us in addition to Exadata. I mean, we had big wins, no not actually big wins, I mean we had we had very important name wins P&G, Verizon, AmerisourceBergen, ICICI Bank [in] [ph] China, Televisa, Exalytics was strong in the quarter, Phil, we had Petrobras from an Exalytics perspective. Again, a very broad based set of customers, very consistent across our regions in terms of performance and again very strong bookings growth against a very strong compare. I will let Larry add anything he would like.
Larry Ellison: Yes. I think our Engineered Systems business really has two parts. One is Exadata, Exalogic and Exalytics, all of which really built their reputation in the marketplace for high performance and of course you can take that high performance in performance or you can take it in lower cost. The other thing we have introduced recently are lower cost engineered systems. They go after the mass and price-sensitive parts of the market, so we have announced an Oracle Virtual Compute Appliance, a bunch of low cost commodity servers running Linux, integrated in our case with InfiniBand, connected with InfiniBand versus the traditional Ethernet, but our system comes with its own VM. It's kind of an industry standard Xen-based VM, the industry standard Linux, standard commodity servers with a high speed networking interface. We have, again, that's called the Oracle Virtual Compute Appliance. It's relatively new and it's very aggressively priced and we think it's a mass market product that competes against our friends at Cisco. We also have had for some time the Oracle Database Appliance, another low-cost mass market product, so we expect to sell a lot of engineered systems not just the well known high end Exadata machines, but a complete suite of machines that go from extreme high performance, the ability to build large scale clouds out of the commodity servers.
Mark Hurd: You know, Phil, I think just before we leave the point on hardware, a couple of other points to Larry's point about what we call the ODA, which is the Oracle Database Appliance, we are now at a point where we are roughly at 2,000 of those units. We don't talk about that product much, because to Larry's point it's a more entry-level system, but we’ve had great success with it. On the sort of core server side, it's going to be very interesting for us to see how much share we gained in the quarter. Our M and T Series, the SPARC line, if you will, actually grew sequentially, so if you looked at them quarter-to-quarter, we actually grew sequentially and our decline in that business was actually quite small year-on-year and when you look at that, obviously, compared to our Core Unix competitors, that's going to be a big gain. When you add that to the Engineered Systems' performance in the quarter, our aggregate hardware business just gained a lot of market share.
Ken Bond: Next question, please?
Operator: That will come from the Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. I have a couple of questions, but first maybe Mark and Safra. If I look at your performance on a constant currency basis by geo, the U.S. was up 5% and I think you are now 9% growth in the first half of this year. EMEA looked better, obviously, on a sequential basis in Q2, but APAC looked like the one region where there was more trouble and it was down, I think, 10% on a constant currency basis, so could you maybe talk a little bit about what you see happening at least from a macro perspective, maybe some of the changes to the leadership there and how do you think about Asia performing over the second half of the year?
Mark Hurd: Why don't I start, Jason, and I will let Safra chime in afterwards, if she would like to. I think you are right in your assessment. I think we had a good quarter in Europe again. I think when you get the read-throughs across our industry it is even broader than that. Our Europe team has performed well. We have said before that our Europe team realigned itself early. There is no question in our mind that our Europe team is taking market share. They have performed well not only this quarter but, frankly, over a consistent period of time. I think we feel very good about our position in Europe and the share that we are gaining. In U.S., I think you are right as well. I think U.S. had a solid quarter, overall, all-in with what we expected. And as you know, that was going against a tougher compare from last year. Asia has been rocking for us. It's obviously rocking from a macro perspective. Safra mentioned the good news was our performance in China. And our performance in China was actually quite strong. Most of the issue involved in the quarter was in Australia and New Zealand which continues to be a difficult market there. I do not believe that to be an Oracle issue. I believe that more to be a macro issue. We really feel in the long-run that we have got a very strong upside opportunity in Asia. We have put, to your point, some new energy into Asia, some new excitement into Asia and we expect it to pay off. So those would be my comments about Asia, to your point. If Asia had done a little better, you can imagine how much would the performance we would have delivered in the quarter. It would have been even more exciting.
Safra Catz: Yes, the other part for us for Asia, what we call Asia-Pacific, is merged together includes Japan, which we actually expect to bounce back this quarter, just between comparisons and other things. There is nothing, you know, you made a mention to the leadership in Asia-Pac or something like that and I actually don't know what you are referring to there, because there is nothing in particular going on in our Asia-Pac. So that's it. So it's Japan and Australia basically, where [our expense was] [ph].
Ken Bond: Okay. Thank you. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: We will hear from John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John DiFucci - JPMorgan: Thank you. I think it was Larry who said that growth is going to come from database, cloud apps and engineered systems. I want to focus on the first and third of those. I guess, can you give us any more color on the database machines including Exadata and SPARC SuperCluster, I think primarily and I guess ODA also? But it is early with 12c, but has there been any impacts that 12c could be having on driving growth with engineered systems? Maybe Mark, even any anecdotes on what customers might be doing with 12c coupled with Exadata that might be different than what they did with 11g?
Mark Hurd: Well, I will let Larry start and I will add some color after that.
Larry Ellison: Okay, let me add one more engineered system, which is our M6 In-Memory system. As you know, there is a lot of interest now in in-memory databases. We announced the Oracle 12c In-Memory option and you couple the Oracle 12c In-Memory option with an M6 with 32 terabytes of main memory. That's 99.99% of all the world's databases can be now kept in main memory with orders of magnitude improved the performance. So we think that's going to be a very interesting combination. So 12c, we think, is interesting to a lot of cloud companies and companies that are not in the business of reselling applications but are building private clouds. So the combination of selling it to net suites of the world that allows them to offer a higher quality service at a lower cost or big banks and telecommunication companies that allow them to build an effective private cloud. We have seen more interest in 12c than any database version in recent memory. The multi-tenant option and the in-memory option, I think, are going to have very rapid uptake in 2014 and 2015.
Mark Hurd: I think, John, in addition, we are yet to see the 12c benefit in our results sort of point one. Point two, to your point about Engineered Systems and database side. Clearly, the opportunity for us to now consolidate Oracle environments in big accounts is extreme. Most of our customers have found tens and tens and tens of ways to configure the Oracle database. They have Oracle 8, 9, 10, 11, they have multiple different types of operating systems, multiple different types of hardware platforms, so the opportunity for us to simplify and standardize those Oracle environments and our customers typically spend 10s and 10s and in many cases hundreds of millions of dollars a year, to operate the Oracle database environment because of that complexity. Our ability to simplify this and standardize this on Exadata, on our engineered systems with 12c, the formation of what would be private clouds and database-as-a-service for our customers, gives us a chance to save our customers in some cases 30% to 40% out of their total costs on the Oracle environment. This is an extremely big opportunity for us and 12c is just one of the added opportunities we have now to consolidate those environments.
Larry Ellison: I think one part of your question was 12c and does it drives even more growth than the engineered systems, especially Exadata and SPARC SuperCluster, and the M6 in-memory machine and I would say, absolutely yes.
John DiFucci - JPMorgan: Larry, my question kind of goes back to something you said earlier, especially with the multi-tenancy option, because our due diligence in talking to customers anyway was this is something they are waiting for, so that they can put multiple applications on one Exadata and be able to manage those applications in isolation, in a way that they couldn't before and it just seems like that that brings that step function up and efficiency and I was just wondering if anybody has actually done that at least in their labs yet or. I mean, it makes a lot of sense, but are you seeing any of it yet?
Larry Ellison: Yes. We have seen a number of customers take it and do it in the laboratory. Of course, this is back to what Mark was saying. They have lots and lots of Oracle environments and they want to consolidate it onto a smaller number of machines and reduce the amount of labor required to manage all of those machines. Exadata, with all of this extreme performance, a lot of people have questioned the size of the Exadata market, saying, "Well, how many people need that kind of extreme performance?" Well, it's not a matter of one Exadata machine providing extreme performance to one application. It's one Exadata machine that allows you to get rid of 50 machines or 100 machines and consolidate those 100 separate applications and those 100 separate databases on that single Exadata machine and manage it as a single environment and that's exactly what the multitenant option does. It's what Mark was saying, our customers spend a fortune managing tens, hundreds, thousands of different Oracle environments, different Oracle versions. They have to patch them, upgrade them, back them up, do all of those things. We can simplify that, make that a more reliable process, make that a less expensive process, by using the multitenant option on top of Exadata, so it's a huge opportunity for us to sell into our installed base, lower our customers' overall cost of managing the Oracle environment and get them a better overall experience in terms of performance, reliability and maintainability.
John DiFucci - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Ken Bond: Next question please?
Operator: We will hear from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. Safra, you have built one of the most profitable companies in technology as measured by operating margins and I guess I just wanted to ask, how we should think about the puts and takes you see as related to Oracle's non-GAAP operating margin expansion as you look out over the next two to three years?
Safra Catz: Well, I think what you can see in our numbers right now is that year-over-year the difference is really we have invested in sales capacity right now as compared to last year and we expect that to pay off, so remember the big things that impact our margins are, first, our enormous installed base of customers who pay us either for license updates and product support or for running systems for that. Those numbers are going to continue to grow. Simultaneously, as you know, as Mark talked about, and he's going to chime in, in a second, we decided that we were really going to lean in to the cloud to get market share and we were going to be able to do it unlike all those cloud companies. We were actually, still as a company, going to make a large amount of money and so we have ramped up the sales organization and we are at full strength and it takes time for that to pay off but at that point your expenses are at one level and now the revenues come in. So we think we still have a lot of room as we expand our installed base, as you know, continue to grow every quarter and now we are going to start seeing expansion in the margins as the revenues follow through. Mark, do you want to add to that?
Mark Hurd: Sure. No, I think to add to Safra's point, a lot of that sales resource that we have hired up that's in our current period expense is driving that 35% bookings growth in cloud. The great news is it's 35% bookings growth in cloud and triple digits in some of our core Fusion modules. The bad news is, it's not licensed. It shows up as subscription and becomes a continuous revenue stream for us over time. So we have hired into that, to Safra's point, put those resources to work and they are busy building that subscription base. As that goes through the process of becoming annual subscription and it becomes recurring revenue, it behaves a much more like our support business than it would our license business. So we have purposely hired up. By the way, we are really happy now that we have had our sales organization in this sales model now for almost a couple of years. We have had them in the same sales model for a couple of years. We are happy with their progress and I think this quarter, particularly in the cloud, with a number of new logos, the growth in our core Fusion areas and just the absolute growth. This is promising and will over a period of time it will have the effect on operating margins that Safra described and remember even when our licenses are flat, and I am not trying to make that a good number, but even when they are flat, all that means is we have got just as many new subscribers this year as we did last year and with our retention rates and support you know what happens to our operating margins over time. They just continue to expand. So again, I will tell you what I said in my script earlier. I think you have got a company here that has fantastic cash flow with elements of hyper growth inside it and the cloud is one of them and we put resources into it to drive that growth.
Larry Ellison: I would like to chime in here too briefly saying that the mix of our products is changing. I know we got a lot of criticism when we bought Sun and we have gone through this transition where we had a growing hardware business, Engineered Systems, and a shrinking hardware business, Commodity Systems as we shied away from Commodity Systems in trying to be competitive in that marketplace. As we more or less completed that transition now, the Engineered Systems business is now a large business and it has much higher margins than the commodity business that we have gotten out of over the last couple of years. So the mix has changed in hardware from the low margin hardware to much higher margin hardware. I am also including our storage business in that, by the way. The mix has changed somewhat in our software business where a larger percentage of our software business are annuities or are renewals versus new licenses. That renewal business is a more profitable business. We think, as our cloud application business gets larger, that's also when annuity business that promises to be even more profitable than our license business. Time will tell but we think we are going through a number of changes in mix to our overall products that we sell and that's very, very positive for our margin improvements in the future.
Ken Bond: Thank you. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: And that will come from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS: Good afternoon. Larry, on the database side, you mentioned you hadn't seen this level of interest in a while and I was just curious if you could talk through, when do you think we will see the inflection point of 12c kicking in? Is it couple of quarters away? Is it a year away? And historically, the database market is considered to be a single-digit growth market. Anything changed with this release that you think can help accelerate growth beyond the historical rates that we have seen.
Larry Ellison: Well, yes. I think we will spike beyond the single-digit amount, but given with the warning the caveats that our database business is quite a large business, but I think there will be a spike in that driven by two things. The multitenant option and I don't want to deemphasize the in-memory option either. I think you will see, I mentioned pretty rapid uptake probably starting a little bit in Q3 and then much more in our Q4 in the first half of the next calendar year. The in-memory option, I expect, people will start playing around with in the second half of the year, but as we get around this time next year, we will see good growth being driven by the in-memory option. Again, I had to go all the way back to 11i in the early days of the Internet when I have seen that much interest in new features in our database.
Brent Thill - UBS: A quick follow-up for Mark, there has been some ongoing speculation around the sales force and how they are being structured. I think you just mentioned to Heather's question. There really hasn't been any change, but I know that question many of us have gotten in the last couple of weeks and I am just curious if you could just comment.
Mark Hurd: I really can't. Only in the context of this there's just nothing to talk about. There at the territory level, Brent, we don't have any sales people changing territories, changing accounts. We are not [rewarding] anything. If anything, we are actually very happy with the model we are in and the continuity of it and the continuity of the management, the familiarization of the team with our products, we are driving a lot more training into the sales force, so one of our real tenets is just continuity. We say continuity, continuity particularly of the relationship between the sales person and the customer. It's very important for us to have continuity with the customer and we have made it now, so that the territory changes around Oracle are a really big deal and so that level of discipline is in and nothing has just changed about it whatsoever.
Brent Thill - UBS: Great. Thanks.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: That will come from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: Thank you. I wanted to talk a little bit about the Cloud business again. What do you see in terms of customer reception? Obviously, you have a very much increase in growth rates here, but how are you selling that? Is that kind of like account management control function in terms of you going in and a lot of deals we are seeing where you just kind of up-sell from what you have already or are these deals competitive than what you see in terms of your positioning against the competitors, the pure play ones? Thank you.
Mark Hurd: Well, will take it and let Larry chime in as he sees fit. We go to market by functional area and we call on the functional owner of that functional area particularly in areas like HCM. We will call on the Chief Human Resources Officer and talk to them about our solutions. Now to your point, some of those are customers are current customers of Oracle HR applications and some of those customers are not. We have, we think, very strong differentiations in the area of mobility, we think is a core strength of Oracle HCM, we have social capabilities integrated into our solutions, we have got analytics, which is a very big deal integrated into our application and supposed not everything these are core differentiations in this case specifically versus workday, so, we go directly to the [CHRO] and clearly there is a role of IT in it, but we go at the CHRO acting. We call on the CHRO and then we integrate that sales process with IT. Now, think of us doing that sort of functional area by functional area; whether that's with the CMO and marketing, the Chief Sales Officer and sales automation, et cetera. We feel very strong, Larry made some comments earlier, about our differentiation, the one I just added and that's how we go to market.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: Perfect.
Larry Ellison: Let me just emphasize. We are organized against our secular competitors, so a while ago, Mark has emphasized, we haven't made any changes to sales force in a while and that is absolutely true. A while ago though, we decided, we had to lineup an HCM sales force directly against workday. That's all they think about. Every day is competing against every workday prospect and going out there competing against workday. We have another team people that compete against Salesforce and Salesforce Automation. We have another team that competes against Salesforce in service automation and customer experience. We have another team that focuses on ERP and SAP and so far it's the cloud ERP which is a relatively new market where that team is focused entirely on Workday. So Workday is really not in cloud ERP yet. That's an area they would like to get into but we watch that very closely. We are organized. We are organized by functional area so we can compete effectively against these new generation of specialists.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: Okay. Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question, please.
Operator: And that will come from Brad Reback with Stifel Nicolaus.
Brad Reback - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks a lot. Mark, maybe a quick question. I am back on the Salesforce and productivity. Obviously you have hired a lot. This has grown faster than revenue but maybe you can give us a sense of where we are in the productivity curve and will you reach full productivity this year or is it sometime in next year?
Mark Hurd: No, we would not reach full productivity as, again, remember what we said a little earlier, that a reasonable amount of our hiring has gone into the cloud. And as a result, many of those resources are selling annual recurring revenue. And that annual recurring revenue would be a percent of what you would normally have had in the old license business. So you have got a period of time for those people to get productive and get revenue, and again, it starts all with what we announced today. It starts with bookings and then you drive that booking over a period of time and you build a subscription base. Normally speaking, you would think it would take you a couple to three years to get to that full productivity of the equivalent of a recurring stream of revenue to what you would have typically seen in license. Now that said, some of our resources have gone into what you would think of as the traditional license business. And by the way, you see some of those results in areas like what we have in Europe. So an example, we hired up in Europe very early in the process that Larry was just talking about and it's showing up with our market share gains and you see evidence of that across many of our regions. So the best way to answer that is sort of a hybrid impact. We have more resources. We are seeing the productivity helping us gain share in many of our core markets. In cloud, we are in early days. And as we talked about today, it all starts with bookings. I would say that we have gotten more and more comfortable with now the size of the distribution pipe and really our focus now is on their productivity. The engineering of the sales process, as Larry and I have gone through a couple of examples up today, mean that they are standard sales place for our sales force to go execute, training our sales force and maturing that sales force. So that's really where we are in the process.
Brad Reback - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thanks very much.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Mark. Operator, I think we can turn the call back to you for closing in a moment but I will make some closing remarks here. Thank you all for joining us today. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions on this call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us again. Happy holidays and I will turn it back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-09-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond Safra Ada Catz - President, Chief Financial Officer and Director Mark V. Hurd - President and Director
Analysts: John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joel P. Fishbein - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Richard G. Sherlund - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation Quarterly Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial table, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz; and President, Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendment for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise the results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Ada Catz: Thanks, Ken. I'm going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q1. I'll then review guidance for Q2 and turn the call over to Mark for his comments. Larry isn't with us today because he is at an important race for the America's Cup. I want to start by letting you know that currency in Q1 gave us a 2% headwind for new software license and total revenue, which was more than my guidance last quarter. So today, my comments on the quarter will generally reflect constant dollar growth rates. Q1 for us was really solid overall and quite strong in the Americas. We're especially pleased with our software results, as total software revenues were $6.1 billion, up 8% from last year. Software updates and product support revenues were more than half of the total company revenue at nearly $4.4 billion, up 8% from last year. Attach rates and renewal rates remain at their usual high levels, and software updates and product support continue to power earnings and cash flow. New software license revenues were $1.7 billion, up 6% from last year. Looking at GAAP results by region, we saw excellent results in the Americas with growth of 15%. That's growth upon a previous year, so that's really very strong. Asia-Pac saw solid growth of 5%, while EMEA declined 5%. There were some interesting product details that I think bode well for the future. Exadata Software was up over 15%; GoldenGate in-memory software was up 30%; BI Technology and Foundation Suite were up around 10%. Also strong was retailing, CRM sales and applications in North America generally. The quarter wasn't dependent on any one large deal, anything like that, it was just a very solid quarter. Hardware systems product revenue was $669 million, as older products like the older M-series and Netra saw significant declines. Storage was more a mixed story with TAPE down a bit, SAN down significantly, while network attached storage was up. The Engineered Systems customer base continues to expand nicely. Exadata bookings look very good. Revenues from Exalytics, SuperCluster and the Oracle Database Appliance all grew over 100%. For the company, total revenue for the quarter was $8.4 billion, up 4% from last year. Our non-GAAP operating income was $3.7 billion, which was 6% higher than last year, and operating margin expanded to 45%. We still believe there remains ample leverage in the business model. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 21.8%. EPS for the quarter grew 12% in U.S. dollars to $0.59 on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP tax rate was 7-point -- was 17.7%, which was lower than my guidance for last quarter due to some onetime event and the mix of earnings. On a GAAP basis, EPS for the quarter was $0.47 in U.S. dollars, which was up 14%. Free cash flow increased to a record $14.2 billion over the last 4 quarters and to an all-time high of $6.1 billion for Q1, up 11% from last year. We're now on the cusp of generating more free cash flow than IBM. Just 5 years ago, we generated roughly half the level of IBM's free cash flow over 4 quarters. We now have over $39 billion in cash and marketable securities. Net of debt, our cash position is $15 billion. As we've said before, we are committed to returning the value to our shareholders through earnings growth, share repurchases and the dividend. This quarter we repurchased 92.8 million shares for a total of $3 billion. Over the last 12 months, we've repurchased nearly 335 million shares for a total of $10.9 billion, paid out dividends of nearly $1.7 billion for a total that is nearly 90% of our free cash flow. And the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.12 per share. Now, to the guidance, and I want to remind you that last Q2, new license in cloud revenue increased 18% in constant currency. So this will be a very, very tough comparison. And though our pipelines and potential transactions for the quarter look really very exciting, our sales leaders remain very careful about what they are forecasting to us. So new software license and cloud subscription revenue growth is expected to range from negative 4 to positive 6 in constant currency and negative 6 to positive 4 in reported dollars. Hardware product revenue is expected to range from negative 9% to positive 1% in constant dollars and negative 11% to negative 1% in reported dollars. As a result, total revenue growth on both GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 1% to 4% in constant dollars and negative 1 to positive 2 in U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.65 and $0.70 in constant dollars, $0.64 to $0.69 in reported dollars. GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.51 to $0.56 in constant dollars, and $0.50 to $0.55 in reported dollars. I want to remind you that last year, we had the benefit of a $145 million acquisition-related benefit for the Pillar earnout, so excluding that benefit, GAAP EPS last year would have been $0.51. This guidance assumes a tax rate of 23.5% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 24%. Of course, it may end up being very different. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark V. Hurd: Yes. Thanks, Safra. Just a couple of things to add. Our new license executed really as we expected. The Americas had a solid quarter, as Safra mentioned. 15% growth, with both the U.S. and Latin America growing double digits and Asia-Pac came back strong with growth of 5%. Database continues to be very strong, double-digit growth again this quarter. Now, while customer activity on 12c was excellent, it really is the traditional products. Database Options, Enterprise Manager that drove this double-digit growth. And we've seen that trend in the last 3 of the last -- or 3 of the last 4 quarters. And cloud right now had a strong quarter. It's really started to hit stride, with great wins at A&A, LinkedIn, SIRIUS XM Radio, Telus, Barclays Bank, and we're also really excited about our Sales Automation Release 7. Not only will the entire Oracle sales force run on Release 7, but we're very excited to bring this to market. In HCM, our Taleo product had a very strong quarter with key wins at Honeywell, Emerson, Humana, Xilinx and DIRECTV. And last quarter, we teased you a little bit with announcements we've made, and then we made them in June. We announced the deal with Microsoft enabling customers to run Java in the Oracle Database on the user cloud. And we'd also be partnering with NetSuite on HCM. And lastly, we announced a comprehensive partnership with salesforce where they've chosen to power their cloud with the Oracle 12c database and Exadata amongst Oracle -- other Oracle products. We expect others to follow suit. Moving to Engineered Systems, we have great wins at Eton, Telecom Italia, China Mobile, SunGard, Ingersoll Rand and Hitachi. In the last 2 quarters, we have shipped almost 2,000 systems. And this quarter, we saw great unit growth north of 60% as we shipped nearly 800 systems. Nearly 40% of Exadata Systems were sold to new customers, and we expect to grow our business with these customers over time. We're gaining a material amount of unit market share. Exalytics, SPARC SuperCluster, the Oracle Database Appliance all had growth in excess of 100%. Lastly, our sales org in terms of salespeople is up. We're making investments in productivity to make them sell more. We're growing faster than our key competitors, and our attrition is down from historical levels and down significantly from last year. Now with that, I thought I'd make a couple of comments about Oracle OpenWorld, which is next week. We plan to have roughly 60,000 people at the event in San Francisco from 145 countries. We expect to have 2 million attendees online. So this is going to be the biggest one yet. We've got a great lineup of speakers. We've got EMC, Dell, Michael Epps [ph] will be there. We've got Fujitsu, Deloitte, Intel there. We've got customers: LinkedIn, AT&T, Facebook, Electronics Arts, Thomson Reuters, New York Stock Exchange, Tesco, Deutsche Telekom. I could just go on. It's going to be a great set of people from the industry, as well as customers, a very large attendee base. And we will make some significant product announcements at the event as well. We'll be introducing Oracle 12c in-memory database. We'll be talking about it being able to deliver 100x faster application performance using our new architectural approach. We'll talking about -- we'll be talking about existing Oracle apps that can now run in the Oracle Database functionality without change when using this in-memory capability. We'll have some releases in cloud. We'll talk about we'll have some releases in HCM and talent management, we'll talk about database as a service, Java as a service that will be available to our customers. So there'll be a whole slew of product announcements there that Larry will be talking about Sunday night and will continue on through the week. So we're excited about the upcoming activities at Oracle OpenWorld. With that, I'll turn it back to Ken, and we'll take whatever questions you've got.
Ken Bond: Brian, we'll go to the Q&A now if you're ready.
Operator: And we'll now take our first question from John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Mark, you mentioned the strength in database and it's reflected in license. But it's also, I think, reflected in margins this quarter. And you mentioned, and I would think it's really too early for 12c to be having much of an impact on the numbers anyway. You mentioned Options, Enterprise Manager. I guess the question is why the strength right now in database, and how does this business look as we look forward at the core database with Options?
Mark V. Hurd: The interesting thing, John, first is we not only had good growth in database but we also had good growth in database in the U.S. So it was very strong. It's exactly what you described. First, it was broad-based across the regions even with a strong showing in the U.S. And it was really the options. And again, as you start dealing with some of the issues you see in the market, take for example something as simple as the data growth that you all hear in the industry. 30%, 40% data growth that our customers talk about. The ability for us to compress that data is a tremendous opportunity and it's an option that you can get advanced compression, you can get it with Exadata that dramatically changes our customers' total cost of ownership. So we had good growth really across regions, particularly strong in the U.S., particularly strong in Options. GoldenGate was very strong, we had good growth in RAC, Active Data, in-memory caching. Security was -- I mentioned this, I think, last quarter too, we had very strong growth again in security. And these are turning to be material businesses, John. And I think this is not really the beginning -- I would not call any of this really any significant impact from 12c. This is really just the core database and the options around the core database.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You mentioned Exadata. So that sounds like sort of that Exadata pulls along some of these options too, and that's having an effect here.
Mark V. Hurd: Well, it's all part -- yes, it's all part of one story, John, in the context of we've got so much database out there and you see the drive more performance, more security, drive more compression. You can get a lot of it with the database. It's a product; you can get even more of it when you buy Exadata. And so it's a strong value prop, John.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And if I might just one quick one for Safra. Safra, the guidance you gave is a little bit below where the Street is right now. You mentioned you talked about exciting pipelines I think the words that you used. But you also talked about manage - the salespeople or manage -- sales managers being, I don't know what word you used, but it sounded like being prudent. I guess, if you -- in the past, you sometimes gauged what that guidance is. Do you think that, that is something -- the guidance you've given, is it similar to the conservatism that is prudent that you normally give? Is it a little more conservative or less, or if you can comment on that?
Safra Ada Catz: Well, as I always say to you all, I read the same newspapers or read the websites that you all do, and there's a lot of news out there, whether it's coming out from our own government or from Europe. And that influences what we put at the backdrop for our forecast. And today was a big news day in both directions. And so we're just trying to -- I think everybody's just trying to stay a little bit to have a little bit of room, and we could do significantly better. But we still -- even though our pipelines are big, we still have to close all those deals. And I just can't assume that we will. So try to just be reasonable about it, be conservative about it. But I just need to take into account a lot of different inputs. And I think we -- that's where the guidance range is.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll now take our next question from Raimo Lenschow.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just had a topic around you guys had a conference call with salesforce a few weeks ago that focused on joining the different clouds. A few minutes ago, we had a call from 2 cloud vendors that want to work closer together going forward. Can you talk maybe a little bit about this new environment of vendors having to preintegrate their core products? And also maybe go on a little bit about Fusion, and it's a more complete solution than what others has. How is that done and how does that fit into the new world here?
Safra Ada Catz: Yes, Raimo, so first of all, I think that what you're seeing is that in fact, customers want systems that are integrated. And that I think works to our advantage. And it's significantly easier obviously to have very integrated and very seamless integration when you own all the products as we do for those customers that have mixed environments, especially the large installed base of one of our competitors. The big benefit, of course, in working with us is that it's all based on our technology. I think it gets significantly harder when you're talking about almost random companies who are trying to make the experience seamless when their systems are so very, very different, the definitions, the underlying platforms are very, very different. For us, we view this as a huge benefit towards us, and we think it's actually powering the strength of Fusion and the interest in Fusion as -- because Fusion actually has a second piece to it, which is it integrates; not only all of our applications work together in Fusion, but they also work with all of your existing Oracle applications in a way that if you -- and Fusion itself can be deployed, some on-premise if you like, and some in the cloud. And back and forth, in fact. So what you're seeing is customers wanting more choice but better integration, and we're really the only ones who have all the products and the depth and an ability to deliver it in the cloud, in the public cloud, in a private cloud behind their firewall or in our -- or on-premise, which is truly about customer choice.
Operator: And our next question from Joel Fishbein.
Joel P. Fishbein - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Mark, a quick question. As I was going through the numbers, it looked like hardware support's up 5% against hardware that's down 13%. Can you give me some -- or give us some more color on what's going on there?
Mark V. Hurd: Yes, I mean I said, Joel, it's, we've -- I talked about this in the past. I think that if you look historically when the hardware business was not part of Oracle, the attach of service to a unit, so you sell a unit and then you sell service with it. Historically, pre-Oracle, that was a very, very low number. And we realigned our business so that as we sort of shifted to these very high Oracle content products, we now attach support all the time. And as a result, the growth of support is not symmetrical with the product growth rate. And so what we do is having support now growing materially faster as we catch up to what I would argue would be industry norms in terms of the way you attach support to a product. And it's causing -- I understand your point. It doesn't look right that hardware support is growing now 5%. I might add our margins have improved dramatically with the growth rate. But it is because that we now have high Oracle content products, and we are attaching support to those products regularly when we sell them. And that is causing our hardware support to grow in a way that doesn't align directly to the hardware price. Now, I can tell it to you the other way, Joel, once we start growing the top line in hardware, that will even be a further catalyst to our hardware support. And because much of that cost in hardware is support, it's sort of a baseline set of costs to be in the business, things like parts depots and spare parts, you'll actually be in a position where you can make even more margin. So it's really, Joel, just us going back to the fundamentals of running a good hardware support business, and it starts with attaching the service and the support to the product when you sell it, which is what we've done.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brent Thill.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: My question is on the general demand environment. And, Safra, I think you made a comment that you believe you could do significantly better. Overall, tax spending seems to be pretty positive yet your guidance, and we certainly respect the tough comp, is really for no license growth. So from your perspective, what are the key enablers for you to get back to what I would assume you would perceive to be more healthy growth in the license side? What key building blocks do you have to fill in from here?
Safra Ada Catz: We just have to execute and we have to avoid any kind of economic deterioration or things like that. Some of those things are out of our control. You just have to execute. We have to have another quarter just like this one, just straight execution, follow a straight line. I think we have an opportunity to do significantly better. But so we just want to move forward. It really does come down for this next quarter to being an extremely difficult comp.
Mark V. Hurd: I'd probably put a little different view on your comments. One, listen, to Safra's point, we read all of our peer groups' results. And to be very blunt, they're not very good. So depending on who you're talking about, most of their numbers are negative. So when you say there's a robust expending environment, I'm not sure whose numbers you're reading. So that's sort of point one. When you look at scale technology companies, there's some pretty significant headwinds out there when you certainly look in July through the June readouts. So when you look at this quarter, I would argue we, again, gained a lot of share just based on the results we just gave you. So I think what we're telling you out there is we see what's out there. We're trying to be prudent and thoughtful in the guidance we give. I don't think it's as much about the tough comp. I mean, tough comp is part of it. There's also a couple points of currency that are involved in the number that guided you to, to 0 as well. So that would be my view of it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jason Maynard.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I want to talk a little bit more about the hardware business. And Mark, if you could maybe give us a little bit of a drill-down into what's going on with the M and the T, and how you expect that to play out. Talk a little bit about what's going on with kind of the legacy products. And the last question would be are you still comfortable with seeing some growth this year in the overall hardware business, just on the product side?
Mark V. Hurd: Sure, thanks. Jason, I think we'll see -- we'll have some growth in hardware this year. I would say your question, which was primarily about the SPARC line. T was okay in the quarter, M was not. So as you know, in sort of Q4-ish timeframe, mid-Q4, we released a new set of M products we're pretty excited about. We've got a big installed base that we can move. It takes time to get those products certified and tested in customers' environments, but that's what happened in the numbers. We had the strong Exadata unit growth that both Safra and I described. We had very good results in several regions in our storage, if you will, our NAS storage business. TAPE was unexciting as it has been for a period of time, and the real issue was again in the M part of the SPARC line. That's really the story in hardware.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Heather Bellini.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow up, Mark, a little bit on the response you gave to Brent just talking about the competitive environment. I was just wondering specifically if you could share with us kind of who -- what companies in particular kind of are you benchmarking yourself against or who are you benchmarking yourself against? And kind of how would you -- how do you kind of keep score versus those guys, if you will?
Mark V. Hurd: Well, that could take us a while. I think the -- let's start off with -- if you're looking at who our competitors are, Heather, we certainly compete in the infrastructure business with IBM. They would be a competitor. We certainly would compete to a part of the infrastructure business with EMC, probably to a lesser degree. Not so much in the head on storage business, but the fact that when we're dealing with data and management of data, you can see competition from that perspective. In the Applications business, clearly SAP on a global basis, they would be a competitor. And then in addition to that, you have competitors, I'd say, even like salesforce and Workday now, albeit that they're mostly North American and that they're mostly in one process: Workday and HR and salesforce and sales automation. We still view them as competitors. Now, I could go down a slew of others in various product groups, but those would be the big ones that I would describe to you, Heather.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rich Sherlund.
Richard G. Sherlund - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Mark, the headcount, you're up about 9% in Americas year-over-year and you're up about 3% in the rest of the world. You showed good license growth in the Americas. I'm sort of curious what's behind the headcount growth in Americas versus the rest of the world. Are you ramping sales headcount, or what's happening there?
Mark V. Hurd: Yes, it is nothing more than the run rate that comes. So imagine as we talked over the several quarters, there is not a big bump sequentially per se as it is just the run rate of the hiring. As I've said before, we were quicker to hire in Europe, which is what really has helped us in Europe. While Europe was not fantastic for us in Q1, over the past several quarters they've gained a lot of share in Europe, and one of the reasons for that has been the fact that they've simply been in more deals. They've been in front of more customers. We were slower to ramp in the U.S., although to your point with your numbers, we have begun to, and that shows up in the run rate that turns into this year-over-year comp rate. And it is shown up by the fact that when you look at our U.S. numbers over the past couple of quarters, we are beginning to see some of that same effect that we saw in Europe.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mark, I'm wondering if you talk about -- you did have a better performance it seems like from a sales execution perspective in Q1. I'm wondering if you could talk about what changes you've made in the sales organization with executions in the fiscal '14, in the early months of that.
Mark V. Hurd: We really made no changes in fiscal '14. So as we said last year, we made changes over a year ago. And one of our objectives going into '14 was to make a minimal amount of changes. We -- before we went into 2014, we had all our territories deployed, our quotas deployed. We really looked to change almost 0 territories and keep the territories the same as they were the year before. We kept our specialization the same as the year before. So as a result, we wound up really ready to go in the very early part of the quarter. And I think we talked about this in the last conference call, but it was a big thing for us to have our quotas deployed and our territories defined. Everybody knew their boss very early in June, and you could see it had in the end some effect for us. So there really were not many changes in the sales force. And it's also shown up -- and frankly our attrition is down, which is helpful as well because we have performers. And when you have to have attrition, you have to change a territory when someone attrits and the fact that the attrition down is helpful to us in that respect as well.
Operator: And we'll now take our last question from Kash Rangan.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Mark and Safra, could you talk about -- it's been a couple of years since you finished up Taleo and RightNow, and I wonder if you could give us your thoughts on how you view the growth opportunities with these 2 product lines albeit they're niche-y one, but they are still important, if you get it. But also I think the one story that is not told is the vertical-specific application. There is a bit of a myopic focus on HR and CRM, which I completely get, but you guys have been historically very strong in vertical application. So I'm curious to get your thoughts on how -- do you see growth opportunities in verticals and how are they doing in general.
Mark V. Hurd: RightNow has done very well for us. When you look at the overall market position to the earlier question, today, we're really #1 in service automation. We haven't talked about Alcoa, but we're really #1 in marketing automation. So when you look at what's gone and when you look at the Web commerce space, our products like ATG and Decca, we're #1 in commerce server and the overall customer experience space. And when you line those up, we have a very powerful offering in that whole customer experience -- broader customer experience area. So right now, what's strong in the quarter, I would argue we grew in RightNow in the quarter against a very tough comp. Our toughest comp in RightNow in the quarter was Q1 and we had growth in Q1, and we were very encouraged by that. Particularly, Kash, the growth globally. We've had good global traction with RightNow. Taleo had a good quarter, very good growth in Taleo in the quarter, so we were excited about that as well. And they are both market leaders, leading recruiting app, and again, leading service automation app. Verticals, we told the story many times. I mean, we've had a tremendous run in retail. We really -- I hate to use the term rolled up the retail industry, but we're in the process of really going retailer to retailer to retailer with merchandising, planning, our point-of-sale capabilities and being able to really be the, we think, the leader in the retail applications marketplace. We made investments over the past couple of quarters in additional products and communications industry for our acquisitions at Tekelec and Acme Packet. And the collection now, we have a collection of billing assets, and those assets make us a leader now in the communications industry as well. We're doing the same thing in utilities, we're doing the same thing in banking, the same thing in health care. So it is a critical strategy for us. And the great news is when we win in these industries, all of Oracle wins. I mean, we win at the database layer, we win at the middleware layer, we win the hardware layer. So it's a very key strategy for us, and we've made investments in those areas, as that's both from an acquisition perspective and with more distribution as well.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Mark. In closing, a telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call, and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator for closing comments.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-06-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives:
–:
 :
Analysts: Kash Rangan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brent Thill – UBS Equities Jason A. Maynard – Wells Fargo Securities LLC Heather A. Bellini – Goldman Sachs & Co. Richard Sherlund – Nomura Securities Walter H. Pritchard – Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Philip A. Winslow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Presentation:
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today’s Oracle Corporation Quarterly Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, [Amber]. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President and CFO, Safra Catz; and President, Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially effect those forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. And, we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risk factors that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Ken, good afternoon. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q4 and fiscal 2013; then I’ll review the guidance for Q1 and then I’ll turn the call over to Mark and Larry for their comments. My remarks generally reflect constant dollar growth rate. This quarter, we saw record $4 billion in new software license and SaaS subscription, coming within my guidance range at 2% constant growth. In general, sales force execution improved significantly in most regions during the quarter. As with most of our peers we did see increased economic weakness in a few regions which had an effect on our final performance. Geographically results were somewhat mixed with GAAP new license growing 4% in the Americas, up 5% EMEA, but down 7% in APAC. I just highlight places like Brazil, which pulled down our growth in the Americas and the number of countries in Asia, especially Australia is being particularly affected by economic slowdown beyond our expectation. Europe’s economy remains unchanged and we’re actually pleased with our European performance. In addition, in Q4 we saw currency headwinds especially in Japan, Brazil and Australia were currencies weakened 5% to 8% against the dollars since our last earnings call and moves that were not anticipated in my Q4 guide. Software support revenues were $4.4 billion, up 8% on this recurring part of our business. Support attach and renewal rates continue at their usual high level. Hardware Systems revenue was better than expected at $849 million as our Engineered Systems had another spectacular quarter. We also saw growth in our T-Series SPARC servers, following a new product launch early in the quarter with some new M-Series now available, I think we are starting to see customers refresh their systems and we believe that we could have growth in total hardware as early as Q1. Hardware gross margins were 51%, reflecting our strategy to focus only on high value systems and the return of hardware growth should actually help increase gross margins even more overtime. Total revenue for the quarter was nearly $11 billion, up 1% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.6 billion with operating margins expanding to 51% from 50% last year. Aside from the five quarters immediately following the Sun acquisition, non-GAAP operating margins have expanded year-over-year every quarter since November 2006 and we actually continue to see ample leverage in our business model. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 23.8% and the GAAP tax rate was 21.1%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.87 and would have been actually $0.01 higher, but for the negative impact of currency, up from $0.82 last year. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.80, up from $0.69 last year. Operating cash flow increased to $14.2 billion over the last four quarters and free cash flow grew to $13.6 billion over the last four quarters. Both are record results. We now have $32.2 billion in cash and marketable securities. Now for the full fiscal year and for the first time ever our new software sales were more than $10 billion growing 6% in constant currency together new software license and support and software support grew 7%, averaging 10% over the last five years. And our last major software acquisitions was more than five years ago. While hardware and hardware support declined 14%, I think we may have just seen the last of annual hardware revenue declines, which will have positive implications for total revenues. Even with the declines in hardware revenues, total revenues for the year grew 2% to more than $37 billion. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the full year was an all time high of 47%. Earnings per share was $2.68 growing 11% in FY 2013. Since we first shared our goal of growing non-GAAP EPS 20% overtime back in 2005. We've averaged nearly 19% growth for both EPS and free cash flow over the last eight years even though the world went through massive economic crisis. In Q4, we purchased nearly 85 million shares for a total of $2.8 billion and for the full year repurchased nearly 350 million shares for total of $11 billion. So, as you saw in our release today we announced we are restarting our quarterly dividend earlier than previously planned and with a 100% increase to our quarterly dividend or $0.12 per share. This will commence with a record date of July 12 and the payout date of August 2. The Board also authorized the repurchase of an additional $12 billion of common stock under our existing share repurchase program in future quarters. Between dividend and buyback, this year we returned more than $12.4 billion or more than 90% of our free cash flow to our shareholders. Today we also announced that we’ve applied to list our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange under our current symbol ORCL and subject to approval by the NYSE we expect our common stock will begin trading on the NYSE on July 15. Now until the transfer is completed Oracle will continue to trade on the NASDAQ under our current symbol. Now moving to guidance; I will say in advance that I continue to follow the news of the economy and the results of nearly every one of our competitors, so I have tried to keep that in mind in my guidance. And since I don't know what the exchange rates will be at quarter end, I’m going to give guidance in constant currency. Now at current rate currency will reduce growth rate by about 1% and general growth rates, license and revenue and EPS by about $0.02 that’s what it looks like right now. So with guidance, new software license and cloud subscription revenue is expected to range from 0 to 8% in constant currency in non-GAAP and 1% to 9% in GAAP. Hardware product revenue growth is expected to range from a negative 6% to positive 2% in constant currency and as a result total revenue growth on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 3% to 6% in constant dollars. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.56 and $0.59 in constant dollar. GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.42 and $0.45 in constant dollar. This guidance assumes GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate of 24% of course and it may end up being different. With that, I’ll turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark Hurd: Thanks, Safra. Just today I thought I’ll be brief and talk a little bit about our Cloud business and give you some facts. Our Cloud now runs well over $1 billion run rate and it is bigger than both Workday and SAP combined in the cloud. We are clearly the second largest provider in the SaaS market with more than 130 Fusion customers that are live in production today. In Q4 alone we added 500 new SaaS customers, 300 of those in HCM alone. Not only are we bigger than Workday and HCM but we are growing faster than Workday. Recently we claimed that is 50 new customers in HCM and ERP. We added more than 50 in HCM alone and with more than 80 new Fusion SaaS customers we have great SaaS HCM wins at British Telecom, BMC Software, Siemens, Credit Agricole, Yahoo! and Intuit. In customer experience, we added 200 customers, with great cloud wins at eBay, KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, Trimble Navigation, Dow Corning, Sprint Nextel, Capital One, US Foods, Acer, Tesco and Paccar. I just read you that list just you get an idea of the quality and the brand names that are committing to our technology. So our success in the cloud is significant and undeniable. Let me share a few facts about how we run our cloud. The cloud runs on our engineered systems. We have nearly 13,000 VM, 70 petabytes of storage in seven countries, more than 7.6 million users and 16.5 million or billion transactions per day. Let me switch to our pipeline. It’s healthy. Our sales organization is already geared to outperform our competitors. I want to say this again, our attrition rates are down. They have declined and by June 7, that’s roughly two weeks ago, we had 90% of our territory assignments and code is done with sales plans accepted, that is an absolute record for Oracle. Now next week I want you to stay tuned, as we’re going to make a series of announcements regarding our success in the cloud and the partnerships we’re forming to drive our cloud business forward. With that I’m going to turn it over to Larry, so that he can touch on some of our exciting developments.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Mark. In Engineered Systems we had a very strong quarter. Revenue was up approximately 50% as we took considerable market share from our primary competitor IBM P-Series which was down 32% in their most recent quarter. All our Exa products, Exadata, Exalogic, Exalytics and the Big Data Appliance and the Oracle Database Appliance, all had their best ever quarters. In bookings, we sold over 1200 engineering systems in Q4 including more than 600 Exadata’s. Exalogic was up more than 50% sequentially and we sold more than 100 units of Exalytics in the quarter. For the year, we sold over 3000 Engineered Systems more than all the previous years combined. Tesco, Fidelity, Siemens, McGraw-Hill, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Saudi Telecom, to name just a few of the companies that bought Engineered Systems this past quarter. Some of the SAPs largest customer’s, giant German industrial companies bought Exadata, not HANA to run their SAP applications. We virtually never see HANA in the market and SAP’s HANA numbers simply don’t add up. A recent analyst report pointed out that if you believe the HANA sales growth numbers and SAP’s most recent quarterly report, then SAP’s application business must have declined 10%. You decide, either HANA is doing and SAP’s application business is in steep decline or HANA is not doing so well, but SAP’s application business is okay. You can’t have it both ways. We don’t think SAP’s HANA can ever successfully compete with Oracle’s Exadata and our other engineered systems in the high performance database market. Engineered systems are now over one-third of Oracle’s hardware revenue. Our SPARC server line is now completely refreshed. Our T5 and M5 servers feature the fastest microprocessor in the world, faster than Intel and faster than IBM P7+ on numerous industry standard benchmarks. With the continued rapid growth of our now much larger engineered systems business, both our new high performance SPARC T5 and M5 server, we just might see overall hardware growth this Q1, and we will see overall hardware growth for the full fiscal year.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. [Amber] we can now move to the Q&A portion of the call please.
Operator: Yes, thank you. (Operator Instructions) We’ll go first to Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, thank you very much. Good to see the hardware product and the Fusion referenced pretty do well. But, on the software side, typically Oracle has had very strong May quarter finishes, we’ve always called it the magic of May quarter. I’m wondering if you could give us a little bit more color Safra, Mark and Larry. And if you saw any slippage that was specific to more sort of the applications business, large ticket items, economically more sensitive. If these deals are put on hold and how is the linearity shaping up in June? As you exited the quarter, did you feel little bit better, but how that trends were getting better, because we’ve been caring about software companies facing difficulties in the month of March and April. I’m just curious, how thinks shaped up and how you exited the quarter? Sorry for the bunch of questions, but I really appreciate the color. Thank you.
Safra A. Catz: I don’t know which one of us should start. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we saw some weakness in specific regions, especially Asia-Pacific, especially parts of Latin America that were that came up right at the end on us and that was extremely disappointing for us because May is usually our very, very big and important month and it’s a big quarter and it’s sort of lased out where it did. We’ve had a pretty good start actually in the other regions, but it’s too soon to tell on and that’s why my guidance is where it is.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Good. Let me add. It was not a specific product. I mean, when we saw weakness, we saw weakness in database middleware applications in all of our software lines. So it was clearly an economic issue not a product competitive issue. The products performed kind of as we expected, it’s just that they didn’t reach the ceiling, we’ve got where we’re going to reach in the quarter.
Mark Hurd: Now, I’ll just add a little bit of color to casual. I think we actually did pretty well in Europe. We actually felt quite good considering all you read, you talk about, what you read about software companies, you read a lot about the tech sector in Europe and frankly as we talked before the Salesforce what we’ve done there has been material and its helpful for us. We banked on conversion rates being down in Europe and frankly they weren’t down as much as we thought. We executed quite well. We did fine in the U.S. and the surplus points really was for us Brazil and parts of Asia where we saw the rest of he everything, sort of behaved the way we expected over the course of the year with the exception of the quarter. There are few section of engineered systems to be good, which was better than we expected, going in which led to the hardware performance that we described. On a number of transactions basis, some of it to Larry’s point, really had to do with the transactions just getting a bit skinnier. If you looked at number of transactions, you wouldn't see that bigger delta, a lot of it just had to do with the average size per transaction which again indicates to us certainly a lot of economic issue out there.
Kash Rangan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you. And Safra it does look like you feel little bit better based on the guidance which is a lot better than we would have expected for the upcoming August licenses especially.
Safra A. Catz: Yes, well we thought things pushed off. I see them closing, but I do have to keep an eye on what my competitors are reporting and what's going on. So it’s sort of all in there together and we feel good with where we are guiding.
Kash Rangan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great.
Operator: And we will go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill – UBS Equities: Thanks, good afternoon. Mark, you are adding tremendous sales capacity and you mentioned the unforced attrition is down. So why do you think you’re not seeing the resulting fall through in license results? I certainly the comments you made about the Asia Pacific, but it is a small percent of your overall revenue, and maybe if you could just expand on the ASP in Q3. I think you disclosed that that was down high teens as it relates to deals over $3 million. It seems like the larger deals you’re still seeing pressure. If you could just tell a little more color would be helpful.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yeah, let me just jump in front of Mark and give you kind of our view. We’ve been adding a lot of sales people in the cloud. So a lot of our additions, in Europe and in North America is around our cloud offerings, which we’re seeing great growth. So we think as part of the transition the cloud, the bulk of the sales that are not in our attrition traditional on-premises database business or on-premises application business, the bulk of that have been in our Cloud businesses and we’ll continue to add. We’ve hired about 500 sales people and sales consultants directly out of college this year and virtually all of them will go to our Cloud businesses and about 10% will go to our Linux business, which is becoming very, very competitive with Red Hat, but it’s the new businesses that we’re in, that is absorbing most, not all, but most of our sales app.
Mark Hurd: Yeah. So I think you got Brent, everything Larry said and then add to it that where we have that because we are still even with that add in the cloud net off and our traditional license area. So although it’s not all of what we’ve added to Larry’s points. But we have seen the benefits. I’ll tell you exactly. In Europe, we have seen bigger pipelines and we’ve seen the economic pressure on the convergence rate and that growth you see in Europe is directly related to the fact that we’ve added our sales force. So make no mistake about it, the growth in our pipeline that you see in Latin America, when you see some of these issues in Brazil, this is what happens when you see an economic environment like this. You see the pipe go up, you see conversion go down. If you’re going to gain share you’re going to have to be in more deals. So we’re in more deals. Let me give you a second point. Historically when these economies turn you do not have enough time to rehire your distribution capability to take advantage of the change in the economy. If that pipe is not sitting there when markets get better you lose out on that expansion. So this is actually, it’s counterintuitive, I know, this is the right time to be in a position with a broader distribution capability. I’ll add to it. We’ve been very mindful of our expenses while we’ve done it. So when you look at our expense structure, we have taken money from other places and funded the majority of the sales force expansion. Now to Larry’s point, some of this is not going into full and full ARR, annual recurring revenue, which we’re seeing the strong growth, which will pay us dividend as you go out over the next couple of years.
Brent Thill – UBS Equities: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll next go to Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason A. Maynard – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. I have two questions. First, Mark, can we drill down a little bit more into Asia Pacific, because if you look at the different regions on a constant currency basis, U.S. and EMEA both actually performed maybe about as expected. But it’s actually when you dive into APAC, the last two quarters that have really fell off the close after a strong start of the year. So I’d love to get a little bit more color, maybe by Australia and some of the different countries in there which you’re seeing. And then the second question for Larry is just, as you look out the next four quarters separately, the comment about the hardware business turning potentially positive in Q1. What are some of the assumptions that you guys see by product within Engineered Systems and the Smart product lines that gets you to that level of actually showing year-over-year hardware product revenue growth? Thanks
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay, most important question, I’ll tackle the first part. I think you’re right by the way and way you described the quarter for us. We saw roughly what we expected in Europe, in fact a little bit better than what we expected and roughly what we expected in the Americas. Asia as you know, there is no real Asia for say. It’s a little bit behavior by countries. We continue to see pressure in China as you read across most of the other tech companies described we saw that. And we have the effected Safra mentioned in Australia. That is both some weakness in the Australian market which you will also see as a read through in their economy, but frankly going up against the big prior year. So we had a prior year in Australia and we have the economic issues that you saw. Those are the two markets, we did fine in Korea and fine in India overall.
Mark Hurd: On the harbor side of the question. It’s really very, very simple. We had a number of businesses and those other Sun business, the commodity x86 business, that we have exited and we’re pretty much out at. Reselling other people storage systems like Hitachi and LSI Logic, which were pretty much out at. And so those declining businesses have finished declining. We think the businesses that remain, we got two big businesses that remain, one is the SPARC server business which is now refreshed. And we think can grow, though that is not in our assumption for growth. Our only assumption for growth is that our engineer systems business which has consistently grown and grew very rapidly this quarter. We will continue to grow and that alone will drive the overall hardware business into growth. If we recovered with our new SPARC line, if that recovers and also shows just a little bit of growth. The growth in hardware will be spectacular.
Ken Bond: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll go next to Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather A. Bellini – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you very much. I was wondering if Larry, you could help us frame how the upcoming release 12B could differ from past cycles in terms of license growth rates. And I guess a follow on to that as you’re related to portable database containers. I’m just wondering if you could share with us whether or not that was part of people, maintenance contracts or whether that will be a paid option. Thank you.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay. The 12c is multi-tenant database, 12c stands for the cloud, it’s the first time a database converts multi-tenancy to the applications that run on the database, because you know, the cloud business started about 15 years ago with a little company called NetSuite. And then there came Dell course and many others and what they have to do was to build multi-tenancy into the application. They wanted to run a lot of customers’ data on a small number of server and do that economically. They had to build the multi-tenant capability directly into their application, which has certain problem. It has security problems that means that your standard report letters won’t work, a lot of standard tools just won’t work because of this multi-tenancy application architecture. The next kind of phase of multi-tenancy was Virtual Machine, VMs became very, very popular way of sharing a hardware, sharing server, but unfortunately that has significant overhead, much more overhead than kind of the NetSuite, Salesforce.com, way of doing an application. We think the right to convert a multi-tenancy on applications and keep security working and use the hardware very, very efficiently, is to put multi-tenancy at the database layer and that’s what we’ve done with 12c. It is a separately priced option. Next week, we will be announcing technology partnerships with the most important –the largest and most important SaaS companies and infrastructure companies in the cloud. And they will be using our technology, committing to our technology for years to come. That’s how important we are doing 12c. We think 12c will be the foundation of a modern cloud where you get multi-tenant applications with a high degree of security and a high degree of efficiency, you at least have to sacrifice one for the other. Again, I would call them a startling series of announcement with companies like Saleforce.com, NetSuite, Microsoft all that happen next week will give you the details. These partnerships in the cloud I think will reshape the cloud and reshape the perception of Oracle Technology in the cloud. 12c in other words is the most important technology we’ve ever developed for this new generation of cloud security.
Unidentified Company Representative: May be I’ll just add something a little more mundane, and that is that our database options business was really strong in the quarter. I mean, when you look at GoldenGate security compression, very strong performance for us in the quarter and suddenly when you see some of the people that have jumped on these capabilities, database enterprise manager’s strong growth in the quarter, our database options business in the quarter very, very strong.
Ken Bond: Okay, great. Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: We will go next to with Rick Sherlund with Nomura Securities.
Richard Sherlund – Nomura Securities: Thanks. Larry, just two questions for you to kind of update us on a couple of things. First, you talked that Oracle was about some cloud services, I know you’ve got private, public, hybrid cloud, you articulate, want to get updates on what’s happening there? And second in terms of in-memory capabilities just reading the trade, there has been a lot of speculation that you’re going to deliver some kind of in-memory capabilities that are compatible with the Oracle Database, if you could share any thoughts with us on that?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay, happy to. Oracle participates at all three layers of Cloud. We are really kind of a unique Cloud company. We’re, as Mark pointed, the second largest SaaS provider in the world. We added 500 new SaaS customers alone, 500 new logos at the SaaS layer this past quarter. We actually had more and let it be clear, not to lay it out, because we have more new Fusion CRM, I will be very clear. Take out two layers don’t count it, just look at our Fusion HCM, look at our Fusion HCM customers. We added more new Fusion core HCM customer last quarter than Workday added their AHCM plus ERP customers, that’s a Fusion, not the layout. We’re growing very fast in the Cloud and especially the HCM Cloud, especially Fusion HCM and as Mark pointed out, we are larger in SaaS than anyone, about Salesforce.com. We are larger than Workday and SAP combined.
Richard Sherlund – Nomura Securities: Okay.
Lawrence J. Ellison: But that’s not the only layer we compete in SaaS. We compete at the platform layer and if you kind of look at Oracle historically, that’s where you would expect us to be stronger. These are our two brands in SaaS; the Oracle Database and Java. Those are the two most important platforms on the face of the earth with building applications. The both products are dominant. There are more than 9 million Java developers. On our platform business, our cloud platform business, we have over 5,000 customers in our cloud. Mark mentioned our cloud is over 6,000 servers, 12,000 VMs, almost 70 terabytes of storage in 11 locations around the world or almost 8 million users per day and over 16 billion transactions per day. Mark mentioned all those numbers. But again we have over 34, we announced our platform service last April and now we have now over 3,500 or over 3,400 customers in the Oracle Database Cloud and another 1,700 in the Java Cloud and that’s just the beginning. We think our PaaS business is one of our huge, huge competitive advantages where you tend to think that the big cloud players are either in SaaS, like Salesforce.com or in infrastructure like Amazon. You really don’t think of a real strong PaaS player, well, that’s where we think we have a huge advantage and we think that approves to our big SaaS customers, because when you buy a SaaS product, it doesn’t mean you’re not going to build other little things yourselves in the cloud to go along with the SaaS products you buy. And with Salesforce.com, they are the market leader and a big respect for what Marc Benioff has achieved over there, I think he’s done a good job, but they started a long time ago, and they have a platform called Force.com, which is not based on industry standards. So when you make additions to Salesforce.com, you lie in Salesforce’s proprietary on platform. When you make additions to our SaaS applications, you use the Oracle database and Java; the industry standards. So we think customers are going to look at the entire cloud and assess the quality of the application, SaaS, the quality of the platform and we don’t think any of the big cloud players can compete with us in the platform there. And, of course, the quality of the infrastructure, which Mark mentioned earlier, which is our engineered systems, which, again, we think gives us a big competitive advantage. So the combination of 12c for the cloud, which is going to be, which we think will be adopted by most of the big cloud player as well as our corporate customer as they build cloud inside their firewall. It’s huge and we think the advantage that another advantage that we offer is the clouds that our customers are going to run internally made up of Oracle and Java is the same cloud that we offer in our public cloud. So they can build applications and move them back and forth. They can build an application in Oracle and Java on our public cloud and move it back to their private cloud. They can take an application that runs in their private cloud and move it to the public cloud. They can do test and development in the public cloud and run it in their private cloud. Because our cloud is based on industry standards, our platform is based on industry standards. We’re the only company that’s doing that, very optimistic about our ability, it could be in the cloud. Again, I said earlier, going through this transition, where we moved a lot of our new sales guys again, not all, a lot of our new sales guys on the cloud, so we’re moving aggressively with sales not only applications, but our database and Java and our infrastructure in the cloud. We’re investing a lot in engineering, we’re investing a lot in sales because we think the opportunity is gigantic and we’re well positioned and with a key new enabling technology called Oracle 12c database.
Ken Bond: Operator next call please, question please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Hi, Safra, I’m wondering if you could we heard a lot about the Cloud here in SaaS. And, I’m wondering if you could help us understand both near-term and longer-term the impact of that on license revenue, a) how they maybe depressing, what we’re seeing on that it?
Safra A. Catz: Well, at this point, the reality is that most of our customers are application customers that are taking some Cloud offerings are doing it as a complementary offering, and to the extent to what they’ve already got onsite. So, it’s not necessarily now if all of our application customers overnight all gosh, I don’t know 10,000 of them, overnight switched to SaaS, then that might have an effect, but we have so many customers and the dynamics are such that many are adding on and some are adding on on-premise, some are adding on cloud and some of them are replacing on-premise with cloud. We’ve such a large base that net, net we have growth. So that’s the dynamic right now, in the event that everyone tomorrow switch over, well that would have a different affect, but that’s not likely to happen.
Mark Hurd: Let me add my comment which is, we think when someone chooses an Oracle application in the Cloud versus an Oracle application on-premise. We make more money overtime. Now, the order that revenue comes in is a little bit different, because we take it ratably rather than a big chunk upfront. But, we think when someone becomes a cloud customer that is an economically more valuable customer to us overtime than when someone buys our software program. So, we think over a reasonable term we benefit tremendously from the movement to the cloud.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yes add to it Walter there is other dynamics of player because of the way our software is architected we can sell by module. So in many ways it opens up brand new markets to us. We can go sell to an SAP customer, a module of HCM, I reckon by recruiting too much, they don’t have to ‘rip and replace’. Somebody like a Workday actually has still a lot of ‘rip and replace’ than we would. We can go in supplement many of our application users today with their core on-premise app with new modules of our SaaS Fusion application. So actually in some ways, long run we’ re going to have to go through the ARR phase where we start building up our ARR as we go that opens up new markets that we haven’t had available to us before.
Walter H. Pritchard – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip A. Winslow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hi thanks guys. Just got two questions actually, first back on the hardware side obviously we talk a lot about engineered systems, but wondering, if you gave us an update on the M5 and T5. I know it’s early, but just what are you hearing from customers about those two new processors and second servers. And then kind of flipping gears to the software front, Mark and two of us have talked about your customer experience management solutions from CRM to marketing, to commerce, just how is that sort of set of products doing then with some of the changes competitively out there with sales was finding that target, hybrids going to SAP, just how do you think your product line is set up there, thanks.
Mark Hurd: Phil, I’ll start with the first part of your question which was hardware, the T-Series is growing nicely and again I mentioned that's not part of our assumption for growth for hardware the entire year, that's heavily weighted to engineered systems, Exadata, SPARC SuperCluster, et cetera. But T is growing nicely and there is huge interest in our M-series machine. The interesting thing about the M5, post the T5, the M5 has 32 terabytes of DRAM. It is designed to be an in-memory machine. We will now, at the end of the year that, Oracle 12 1C. 12 1C is an in-memory database and it is designed to work exceedingly well with our M-Series machines again, which have more memory by the way than any other computer on the planet earth. It’s an SMP machine with 32 sockets and 32 terabytes of DRAM and we have designed that machine in concert with the next version of our database, which comes out at the end of the year, which is a vertical columnar compressed high speed in-memory vertical database and we think one of the reasons I was very confident that SAP HANA could never compete with Oracle over the long-term is because of 12 1C. And again we combine that software technology with our latest M-Series large scale in-memory Machine and I think, by the way that machine is not very expensive.
Philip A. Winslow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Yeah. And your T5 has taken off faster than T4?
Lawrence J. Ellison: T4, we talked about the growth we’ve seen in T4 where we’ve seen the reduction in Million, which is fundamentally what’s happened to the SPARC line. The T5, so that’s early days still. So we are going to have see how it’ll unfold, but I think very encouraging from the numbers we saw both in the quarter in orders and in the pipeline and there is a large installed base of SPARC that’s out there for us to go, sell into particular on the high end. To your question, I think your question was on ATG and Endeca software, which is basically the foundation of our Commerce Server and what we’ll call our customer experience very strong numbers. We just don’t lose deals. So at the end of the day when you get into that space and you’ve seen it particularly too in the retail industry, many of the big retailers that are focusing on how to connect to their customer, how to engage to the customer and how they cross-sell and up-sell to that customer, that’s at the core fabric of what they deploy. We expect to see that same sort of behavior in the telecommunications industry, financial services industry and we love our position. And we don’t believe any effect of our competitors’ position based on SAP’s acquisition or what Salesforce has done. Remember one more time, the leader in marketing automation software is Oracle; Eloqua is the leader. So it is not anybody else. And we’ve got a head start and we did very well, I didn’t mention it in my comments. Eloqua did very well in the quarter in terms of its ARR. So we like our aggregate hand, we like our position with RightNow on the service side, we like our position on the commerce side with ATG, we like our position on the marketing side with Eloqua. So we feel good about where we sit.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yeah, let me just kind of summarize what Mark said, where you think the Salesforce.com is the company that has a very strong foothold in companies that sell B2B. We think we have an equally strong foothold in companies that sell B2C. So while we think we’re going to be aggressively compete with Salesforce where we think we have huge competitive advantage, where our number one competitor turns out to be IBM in that space, we just don’t lose deals to IBM in eCommerce.
Unidentified Company Representative: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll take our final question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you guys for fitting me in. Maybe a last one for Safra. In terms of the guidance into Q1, can you give us a little bit of color in terms of sort of the conservatism you used in setting that guide, maybe talk a little of that sort of close rate assumptions and how you’re thinking about, how you thought about that guide?
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, well, as I said, first of all, I get, as you know, I get a roll up from the field. And I look at the different close rates that we’ve had historically and the numbers that we’re using right now assume a slightly lower close rate than we have historically and takes into account sort of the difference we’ve been experiencing especially this quarter and in Q3. I have to know what’s going on with our competitors and since even deals that didn’t close this quarter, they were not lost to competitors, they were either pushed off or what also showed up in close rates or they became smaller by certain percentage, and so that’s really what we’ve applied. So, I’m not going to quantify it for you, but I’ve assumed a few points lower than would be typical for a Q1 especially since number of the Q4 deals especially have closed already. So I just had to pretty much take into account what we’ve been seeing for the past couple of quarters and apply that to the pipeline.
Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent, very helpful.
Safra A. Catz: Okay.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Ken Bond for any additional or closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you operator. That does conclude our call. If you have any questions, please feel free to call the investor relations department. Thank you for joining the call. Turn it back the operator for closing that. Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-03-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - VP, IR Safra Catz - President and CFO Mark Hurd - President Lawrence Ellison - CEO
Analysts: John DiFucci - JP Morgan Brent Thill - UBS Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2013 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison, President and CFO Safra Catz, President Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before turning to questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Ken. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q3. I’ll then review the guidance for Q4 and turn the call over to Mark and Larry for their comments. While our overall business remains very healthy, and we saw excellent pipeline growth, we’re not at all pleased with our revenue growth this quarter. So it didn’t help that our quarter ended on the same day as the sequester deadline. What we really saw is the lack of urgency we sometimes see in the sales force as Q3 deals fall into Q4. Since we’ve been adding literally thousands of new sales reps around the world, the problem was largely sales execution, especially with the new reps, as they ran out of runway in Q3. As expected, many of the pushed out deals have already closed. Our product portfolio is as strong as it has ever been, and we won more than our fair share of deals. Our discussions with customers continue to be elevated to the most strategic level. There is a lot of enthusiasm around our leadership in software, engineered systems, and our real-world approach to mixed public-private cloud deployment. Looking forward, we’re encouraged by the tremendous pipeline growth, but clearly we have work to do in training new reps on managing the sales process and the importance of establishing a quarter rhythm with their deals. As such, I’ll be conservative in my Q4 guidance, even though Q4 is the quarter the sales force is in fact geared to. Now to the numbers in Q3. Currency movements reduced new license revenue growth by 2%, and total revenues by 1%, and net income by 2% and earnings per share by approximately $0.01. I will focus on constant currency growth rates, unless I say otherwise. This quarter, new software license revenue was $2.3 billion, flat in constant currency, down 2% in U.S. dollars. Cloud revenue was $238 million, or down 1%. APAC was up 1%, and EMEA was up 1%. Software license update and product support revenues were $4.3 billion, up 8% from last year, and were nearly half of total revenue. Support attach and renewal rates continue at their usual high level, actually at the highest levels for a Q3 in the last five years. Hardware system products revenue was $671 million, and while engineered systems again showed excellent growth, we continue to work through our product transition with the high-end SPARC server line. Clearly, our customers know the new products are coming out next week, and have held off buying the older Ms. We expect that the launch next week of the new M line will help that. Total revenue for the quarter was $9 billion, flat in constant currency and down 1% in U.S. dollars. Operating expenses were flat in constant currency, and our non-GAAP operating margin expanded to a Q3 record of 47%, up from 46% last year, even though we substantially increased headcount. As revenues grow, and we continue to manage our business with discipline, we still believe that there remains a lot of leverage in our business model. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 21%, and the GAAP tax rate was 19%. Both were favorably affected in the quarter by the retroactive extension of the R&D Tax Credit, though we did take a $65 million writedown of our Venezuela cash balance as the bolivar’s official rate changed. EPS for the quarter grew 5% in U.S. dollars to $0.65 on a non-GAAP basis, and would have been approximately $0.01 higher but for the negative impact of currency on revenues. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.52, up 6% in U.S. dollars. It would have been $0.53, up 8%, but for the impact of currency. Operating cash flow increased to $13.7 billion over the last four quarters, up from $13.5 billion last year, and free cash flow grew to $13 billion over the last four quarters. Both are record results for Q3. We now have nearly $33.4 billion in cash and marketable securities, and as we’ve said before, we remain committed to returning that value to our shareholders through technical innovation, acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends, and the prudent use of debt. In this quarter, we repurchased 61.5 million shares for a total of $2.1 billion in the quarter. So over the last 12 months, we have repurchased nearly 350 million shares for a total value of $10.6 billion. Now to the guidance. So for Q4, new software license and cloud subscription revenue growth is expected to range from 1% to 11% in constant currency and in reported dollars. Hardware product revenue growth is expected to range from a negative 22% to a negative 12% in constant dollars, negative 23% to negative 13% in reported dollars. As a result, total revenue growth on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from negative 1% to positive 4% in constant dollars and U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.85 and $0.91, both U.S. dollars and in constant dollars, up from $0.82 last year, and GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.72 to $0.78 in both U.S. and constant dollars. I’ve gone ahead and assumed a GAAP tax rate of 23% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 24%. Of course, it may end up being different. With that, I’ll turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark Hurd : Thanks, Safra. I’ll just make a couple of quick comments and turn it over to Larry. We’ve added over 4,000 people to the Oracle sales force in the last 18 months. We’ve significantly expanded our customer coverage. We’ve seen material growth in our pipeline. But Q3 [conversion rates] were below what we expected, while our actual win rate went up. Moving to engineered systems, a record quarter for us, with more than 800 units sold in Q3. That’s the best unit quarter ever. We’ve now sold more than 5,000 engineered systems to date. In the first full quarter for Exadata X3, we sold over 400 systems. The pipe is up materially, and conversion rates are up. The one-eighth rack systems in particular sold extremely well, causing ASPs to be down slightly, but these entry-level systems are just the beginning, as we expect to grow our business with these customers over the long term. Better news, our Exadata has carried over to the other engineered system, which were more than 800 engineered systems sold this quarter. Exalogic, Big Data Appliance, Oracle Database Appliance, all three saw 30% sequential unit growth. We had another solid quarter of verticals, which have grown faster than software license in all of the last four quarters. We had great growth in Cloud, CRM, and ACM. Wins at Travelocity, Walt Disney World, Kaiser Foundation, Office Depot, Match.com, [Deutsche Bahn], CGI Group, Southwest Airlines, Dow Chemical, Union Bank, Renault, National Instruments, and Lender Processing Services. That’s a lot of names, took me a long time to read it, but I wanted to give you a flavor for the quality of names and the quantity of wins we had in the quarter that’s driving our annual recruiting revenue up nicely. In other hardware, as Safra mentioned, the T-Series continued to be our best-performing server product, but the M-Series lagged. ZFS Storage saw double digit growth for the quarter, which is the seventh straight quarter. We’ve been able to materially grow our sales force and our R&D while overall operating expenses were essentially flat from last year, and I think that’s a testimony to our expense management and discipline. Safra mentioned software support, which grew 8% [in CD] renewal rates, as she mentioned, at a five-year high for Q3, and by the way, with virtually no expense growth in our software support business as we recorded those results. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Ellison : Thank you, Mark. Next week, we’ll start deliveries of our next generation of servers, built using our new SPARC T5 microprocessor, the world’s fastest microprocessor. Next week, we’ll publish 17 world record benchmarks, including a TPC benchmark showing that the SPARC T5 is the fastest processor in the world for database. And the SPECjEnterprise benchmark, showing the SPARC T5, is the fastest processor in the world for Java middleware. Our new T5 servers have up to eight processors, and are more than twice as fast as the T4 systems that they replace. Even more important is our new M5 server, which has up to 32 processors and runs its Oracle Database over 10 times faster than the similarly priced old M9000 server it replaces. With the delivery of the M5 server next week, Oracle will finish upgrading every server in the SPARC product line dating from the time we acquired Sun.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Operator, we’re now ready for the questions please.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] We’ll take our first question from John DiFucci with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan: Mark and Safra, I’d like you to address sort of a high-level question, because I know I’m going to be asked this a lot tomorrow. The softness this quarter was surprisingly broad-based across both software and hardware, and it looks like across all regions. We appreciate your willingness to kind of look internally for the causes and answers here, but given the breadth of the relative weakness, it really begs the question whether something bigger is at work here. How much might macro forces have come into play here? Or even, perhaps, the sales approach or strategy versus the execution of that strategy. In fairness, you’re still relatively early in the sales count expansion, but at this point, are there any thoughts of perhaps looking at things a little differently?
Mark Hurd : I’ll take it. Let me just go through what I think Safra said, and I’ll sort of elaborate a bit on that. We feel great about both our strategy and our product line. So point one and two, we have no doubt, no question about that whatsoever. Second, to your point, we have increased the sales force dramatically, and we feel great about our coverage. And that really shows up first in the pipeline performance that we’ve got. Our pipeline is up significantly. We don’t give you a number, because frankly I don’t want you to give me a comparison every quarter with the pipe. But it is up materially. The issue for us is simply conversion. Well, listen, anybody can come up with all kinds of factors. There’s always something going on around the world at any given time, and for us we feel good about our ability to execute through it. And in this case, as I said, it really was just the conversion rate against the context of a materially higher pipeline.
Safra Catz : Covering sort of one through three of the issues, we don’t think at all it’s the products, because the pipeline’s fantastic, and our win rates are excellent, and so we feel very, very good about that worldwide. As far as being the economy, there’s no really new news on the economy. As I mentioned, it doesn’t help that the sequester deadline is on the last day of our quarter, and so that has a little bit of an impact here in North America, but not necessarily anywhere else. The economy has been as it is in Europe for a while. So there’s no real new news. And then finally, on sales execution, why we think that’s it, is frankly because it’s playing out exactly that way as deals kind of flop over right into Q4. And so especially with the newest folks, they’re really geared to their annual target and there’s a little less urgency about q3. For you, who have covered Oracle for so, so long, and for some of us who have been here a long time, it was very Q3, and now it’s extremely Q4 around here. And that is something we’re kind of used to, except when there are acquisitions, sometimes you don’t see it as much, because of the new companies and what they bring, and they change the seasonality a bit. But ultimately, Q3 is very similar to Q2, and then Q4 is the big quarter. Everybody’s aimed at Q4, and it really feels like that around here right now.
Operator: We’ll take the next question from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS: Question for Larry on the hardware business. Q4 was set to be an inflection point, and it appears that has been pushed out. What’s your sense on the turnaround? And if you could just contrast on the Exa side versus the other side of the hardware business? Maybe some more metrics as to what you’re seeing?
Larry Ellison : Well, the oldest product in our product line was the M9000, the large CLM systems, which we hadn’t refreshed for several years. And we saw very, very substantial and continuous decline in that business. It wasn’t helped by people who were aware that we were going to go through a product transition in Q4. So that didn’t help us in Q3, and now we’ve got to go through this product transition in Q4. We’re announcing the new M5, the new T5, and we think people might take a couple of months to evaluate these systems before they verify that our claims are correct. The T5 is more than twice as fast as the T4 it replaces, much better price performance. And amazingly, the M5 is more than 10 times faster than the M9000 it replaces. So we think Q4 will be better than Q3, as far as the hardware is concerned, but I think we expect the turnaround really to begin in Q1, not in Q4, because we have this large introduction of new systems. I think the other thing that Mark alluded to was that we announced some lower-end Exadata systems, in our engineered space, and new customers have been beginning with the smaller systems, now that they’re available, eighth rack rather than quarter racks. And that’s somewhat lowered our ASP this past [unintelligible]. I think we work our way through that over the next two quarters. Again, I think Q1 you’re going to see a big turnaround, and next year will be a big growth year for our entire hardware business. The front line and all of the engineered systems.
Mark Hurd : I’d just add a couple of comments on the engineered systems line, so you have more clarity. On the eighth rack, this is actually good news, even though it lowers ASP, because we deliver a lot more technology and a lot more performance. And as I mentioned, our unit counts were at a record level in Q3. And we have the opportunity to upgrade those machines over the long run. So the fact that we’ve seen our pipeline is up, our unit levels are up, and so I think to Larry’s point, this puts us in a really strong position as we get into Q1 of next year on the engineered systems side as well.
Operator: We’ll take the next question from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse : Just had a question on the software business. I know you guys don’t break out database and middleware, and you have tech versus applications anymore, but I was wondering if you could just give a sense of what you saw this quarter in terms of the performance between those two old segments, and then just what you’re seeing in the pipeline. And then also, just one follow up for Larry, specifically to Oracle Fusion applications. There’s been some debate out there about what your win rates are with Oracle Fusion now it’s versus some competitors. Oracle Fusion applications, are they more modern, less modern, that competitors? Just provide us an update of where we stand there.
Safra Catz : Basically, database and apps move together in the quarter. So there’s no special news there one way or the other. And the second question was for you.
Larry Ellison : I think one of the things we’ve done is we’ve become very, very focused on not just Fusion applications, but all of our cloud applications. So a lot of the new headcount, a lot of the changes in the organization in the field have been based on focusing on the cloud, increasing our win rate in the cloud, having specialization around HCM, having specialization around service with our Right Now product, specialization around sales with our Fusion Sales product as we go against our [secular] competitors, Workday and Salesforce.com and the others. So I think in the third quarter we saw very good growth. We saw very, very good growth in the cloud. That was not the issue. When I talk about the cloud, I’m talking very specifically about the SaaS portion of the cloud. We’re in all aspects of the cloud. We’re in infrastructure, we’re in platform, and we’re in SaaS. But when we give you a billion dollar number, that’s a billion dollar pure SaaS number. And that’s growing very, very nicely. The problem is it’s still a relatively small business with a very, very high growth rate. We are focusing on that, and we’re getting a very good result there against the competition. Our win rates are going up versus Q2, the growth is excellent, but we think it would be [deploying] a lot of resources on that, to get those win rates, and get that focus, but the business is still relatively small compared to our overall $40 billion business.
Operator: We’ll go next to Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs : This question is for Mark. You and Safra both highlighted sales execution as the reason for the shortfall this quarter, after posting a strong Q2. I’m just wondering if you could give us a sense of how long you think the transition looks like. Is it one quarter or two quarters? And as a follow up, what does the ramp look like as execution improves?
Mark Hurd : Well, I’ll just say we expect it to be within the context of Q4, so we saw many of the deals that we described are closed. So we expect it to be relatively quick. On the ramp, and I think, Heather, what you mean is the ramp of the sales people that turn into pipeline and turn into growth, and if it’s not I’m sorry, but that’s the question I’m going to answer.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs : Yeah, that’s it exactly.
Mark Hurd : Okay. So I think it really is just about the speed of getting our conversion continuing to decline. So our pipeline is behaving. I wouldn’t say linear to the hires, but the way you would expect it to. You would expect a timeframe for a new hire to come onboard, get trained, get assimilated, get engaged with our management. And I would say the pipeline is behaving roughly as you would expect relative to the ramp of those sales resources. So when you hear Safra and I talk about the pipeline, we measure it very closely, and we see it there. So it’s just a question of how we convert, and I won’t go into the role of predicting revenue growth rates out several quarters, other than to tell you that we have a lot more coverage, and we have a pipeline that’s growing substantively.
Operator: We’ll go next to Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch : As it pertains to this quarter, Mark, I’m just curious, when you ended up the November quarter, could there have been a chance that we saw some business being pulled in, potentially, as customers were somewhat leery of this fiscal cliff, a whole bunch of extraneous concerns that might have actually caused some deals to get done a little bit earlier than expected, which obviously benefitted your November quarter. I’m just curious to see if you think that it could be an attribution to what happened in the February quarter. And also just wondering if you have any thoughts on how to think about the growth rate of engineered systems. I think you have characterized it as paying 70-80%, maybe potentially doubling. I just wanted to see how we are tracking toward that goal for this year.
Mark Hurd : I think the answer to your first question is sure. There’s potential deals going that were in Q2. It was better. Some deals go to Q4. I mean, I think there’s all kinds of things you get to. What we do know is we’ve got a lot of deals in the pipeline. And we’re in good shape on those deals. And I mentioned, in the context, I think the better way to look at it is that we don’t just measure the pipe. There’s two different ways to measure a pipe when it concludes. One is the conversion rate, meaning the aggregate pipe and how it converts to orders. The second way to look at it is the win rate in the context of the deals that do get decided in [unintelligible]. And our win rate went up in the context of the conversion rates going down. So it’s an important thing to measure, because some of it’s our activity in the time that a decision gets made. And engineered systems, unit count was great, as you heard Larry and I both mention. We had an ASP decline, not because of unit count, but because of the average selling price and the movement to conversions or to a one-eighth rack, which actually brings the average selling price down. Unit count, I think we’re roughly in line with the numbers that we described today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo : I want to tackle this maybe from a different angle. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what you’re seeing in terms of customer adoption of Fusion? What are you seeing in terms of uptake, at least within the installed base, upgrades, number of go-lives? How’s that trending across verticals and product lines, and how does that bake into your equation for closure rates in the next couple quarters and getting confidence with new customers to buy this whole broad suite of apps?
Larry Ellison : Great question, and it’s interesting, we monitor this very, very closely. In HCM alone, we have 30 customers going live in the next six weeks. And that’s very, very important. And that’s extremely important as our reference base increases. These are relatively new businesses for us. So our reference base is greatly expanded in HCM. And that’s one of our main focus areas. Like services, like sales is. So our win rates against Workday are going up, as Mark pointed out. We follow our secular competitors very closely. We look at every competitive deal. We measure our win rates. And those win rates against Workday are going up. We actually have a new and improved UI coming out for all of our cloud apps. It’s a change in our middleware platform, so automatically that UI suddenly appears in all of our cloud products. So we’ve improved the UI. So we have a lot more references coming on, the technology continues to advance. The UI is making a giant step forward, so we are encouraged that our ability to compete and win in the marketplace is getting better every month.
Operator: We’ll go next to Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: I wanted to go look a little bit beyond the quarter, and what we saw this quarter was obviously, and Q3, the announcement of the acquisition of Acme Packet. That gets you deeper into the telco plumbing. Can you talk a little bit about your motivation and strategy for this vertical?
Larry Ellison : We have a very, very significant presence in billing systems, in provisioning systems, in the telco space. And what we’d like to become is one of the most strategic suppliers to telcos overall, which involves broadening our footprint of what we supply them. So you’re going to see us, through our own engineering, through innovation and acquisitions, greatly broaden our footprint as our ambition is to be the primary technology provider to the telecommunications industry. So that’s an area where we’ve been very successful, in certain parts of it, and we think we can expand that business by adding to the footprint. And you’re going to see us adopt a similar strategy in retail and in financial services. Combination of innovation and acquisitions to broaden our footprint, become more and more strategic to telecommunications companies, more and more strategic to retailers, more and more strategic to the banks, as we can solve more of the problems.
Mark Hurd : You know, I’m really glad you asked that question, because when we announced the acquisition it was during our quiet period, and most of the people that wrote about it wrote about it as a horizontal networking acquisition and what we were doing was exactly what Larry described. Phone companies have two networks, or two sets of IT systems, those that manage the business, and those that manage the network. And this was an opportunity for us to get into that network side of the business, if you will, open up an entirely new opportunity for us strategically inside the phone companies, and leverage our existing go-to-market, our existing assets, and our existing relationships. So we look at this as just a fantastic acquisition to build on our assets that exist already in CGB, CGB being our communications [unintelligible].
Operator: Our final question will come from Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : Safra, you mentioned that maintenance attach rates were at the best levels in Q3 than you’ve seen in five years. What do you think is driving that attach, and what are you seeing in terms of pricing and competition around maintenance?
Safra Catz : Well, as a general matter, really the only place to get the updates for your products, in addition to the product support, is from Oracle, and so as a general matter, customers know that the value they’re getting from the licenses that they bought often years ago is when they upgrade, and when they get all the new features. And there’s quite a lot of interest in making sure folks are staying current, especially as they’re looking at their data centers, etc. And as a result, I think we’ve just continued to offer them fantastic value and we are the place for them to get the updates that they need.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions. I’d like to turn the call back over to today’s presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the investor relations department with any follow up questions from this call, and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us, and with that, we’ll close the call.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-12-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond Safra A. Catz - President, Chief Financial Officer and Director Mark V. Hurd - President and Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Director
Analysts: Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Mark R. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Brad R. Reback - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations for Oracle. Please go ahead.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Robert. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President and CFO, Safra Catz; and President, Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra A. Catz: Okay. Thanks, Ken. I'm going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q2. I'll then review guidance for Q3 and turn the call over to Mark and Larry for their comments. As all of you can see, we've had a really excellent quarter and we exceeded the high end of our guidance for new software license and cloud software subscriptions. We were at the high end of the range for total revenue, and we beat the high end of our guidance for earnings per share. During the second quarter, currency movements reduced new license revenue growth by 1%, that reduced total revenues actually by 2%; net income by 1%; and earnings per share by $0.01 compared to Q2 of last year. So I'll focus on constant-currency growth rates, unless I say otherwise. Okay. Now to the numbers. New software license and cloud revenues were up 18%, including cloud revenue of $230 million for the quarter. We continue to see broad-based strength and balance with double-digit growth in all regions. The Americas were up 22%, APAC was up 13% and EMEA was up 12%. We also saw strength and balance across our software products, as Database, Middleware and Applications all saw double-digit growth. Software license update and product support revenues were $4.3 billion, up 8% from last year and were nearly 1/2 of total revenue. Support attach and renewal rates continue at their usual high levels. Hardware systems products revenue was $734 million. Engineered Systems continued to show excellent growth. For the company, total revenue for the quarter was $9.1 billion, up 5% from last year in constant currency. Operating expenses were flat with last year, and non-GAAP operating income was up 10% from last year. And our non-GAAP operating margin expanded to 47% from 45% last year. As revenues continue to grow and we manage our business with discipline, we still believe that there remains a lot of leverage in our business model. Now the non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 23.5%, better than guidance. EPS for the quarter grew 18% in U.S. dollars to $0.64 on a non-GAAP basis. Without the negative impact of currency, our non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.65, up 19%. The GAAP tax rate was 21.3%. EPS for the quarter was $0.53 in U.S. dollars and would have been $0.54, up 26% but for the impact of currency. Operating cash flow increased to $13.5 billion over the last 4 quarters, up from $13.1 billion last year. And free cash flow grew to $12.8 billion over the last 4 quarters. Both are record results for Q2. We now have nearly $34 billion in cash and marketable securities. And now as we've said before, we remain committed to returning value to our shareholders through our technical innovation, acquisitions, stock repurchases and prudent use of debt. At dividend, in this quarter we repurchased 96.1 million shares for a total of 3 billion in the quarter. Over the last 12 months, we've repurchased nearly 350 million shares for a total value of $10.2 billion. And earlier this month, the Board declared an accelerated dividend of $0.18 per share for the second, third and fourth quarters, which will be paid out in December. Now to the guidance. New software license and cloud subscription revenue growth is expected to range from 4% to 14% in constant currency and 3% to 13% in reported dollars. Hardware product revenue growth is expected to range from a negative 10% to flat in constant and reported dollars. And as a result, total revenue growth on a GAAP to non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 2% to 6% in constant dollars, 1% to 5% in U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.64 and $0.68 in both U.S. dollars and constant dollars, up from $0.62 last year. GAAP EPS is expected to be between $0.51 and $0.55 in U.S. and constant dollars. This guidance assumes a GAAP tax rate of 24% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 24.5%. And of course, it may end up being a bit different. Now with that, I'll turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark V. Hurd: Thanks, Safra. Just a couple of quick comments before I give it to Larry. We had a great quarter in software with new license and cloud subscriptions growth of 18% in constant currency. It was better than we expected with double-digit growth in every region as well as Database, Middleware and Apps in particular, which were more than 30%. In the cloud, we had key wins in both CRM and HCM, including Abercrombie & Fitch, Edwards Air [ph], Expedia, Macy's, T. Rowe Price, United Airlines, U.S. Bancorp, Whirlpool and Xerox; a lot of names as we continue to see strong customer acceptance. Our pipeline is growing. Our sales teams are ramping, and you should plan for us to continue to invest into and to grow the cloud business. Moving to Engineered Systems, it was another strong exit quarter with over 70% sequential growth in unit bookings. We sold more than 700 Engineered Systems this quarter, great excellent wins at China Mobile, Facebook, Samsung, Time Warner Cable; and great Exalogic wins at Chevron, Vodafone and Wal-Mart. We had a very nice excellent win at Wespac in Australia. I mention this because they're moving off DB2 on the mainframe along EMC storage to Oracle and Exadata and Exalogic at very significant savings. Exalytics had its best quarter-to-date, as unit bookings nearly doubled sequentially wins at Activision, City of Chicago, Deloitte & Touche and WellPoint. We continue to see strong growth as SPARC T-Series accelerate. I mentioned, in the last quarter, it was the hottest selling UNIX box in the industry, and it grew faster than it did in the previous quarter. And ZFS Storage also saw double-digit growth. We had a tremendous quarter in our verticals with growth of over 60%, with even better results in financial services, telecom and retail. This company had a very strong Q4 and a strong Q1. We've invested in headcount in our verticals, and we're seeing that show up in significant pipeline growth. Finally, our quota-carrying sales force, net of attrition, has grown more than 3,000 people over the last 6 quarters. And for those of you who care about efficiency, and we actually do, we've been able to do this while our operating expenses were essentially flat from last year. Our people in the market, they're growing pipeline, and we're beginning to see it in our strong organic growth this quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thanks, Mark. Our $7.5 billion purchase of Sun has already proven to be the most strategic and profitable acquisition Oracle has ever made. Java, the world's most popular programming language, was the key software asset we acquired when we bought Sun. Today our Java business is booming, growing over 34% this past quarter. Sun's hardware technology has enabled us to become a leader in the highly profitable Engineered Systems segment of the hardware business. The rapid growth of highly differentiated products like Exadata and the SPARC T4 have consistently quarter-after-quarter improved the profitability of our overall hardwares business. Selling systems loaded with Oracle intellectual property, along with deemphasizing the selling of low-margin undifferentiated products like commodity x86 servers and LSI disk storage systems, products that contain no intellectual property, those 2 things have reshaped and downsized our hardware business, while making that business much more profitable. Now that our hardware business is making a substantial contribution to Oracle's record levels of profitability, we are just about finished with the downsizing phase and the transformation of that business. We're about to start growing our hardware business. In Q3 we'll be turning the corner and in Q4, we expect the top line growth to go along with continually improving margins.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Robert, we'll go to the Q&A portion of the call now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Adam Holt of Morgan Stanley.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My question is about Fusion. I was hoping I could drill in a little bit to what you're seeing there. Specifically, what are you seeing from customer adoption? What modules and services are your customers aggregating around? How are deal sizes tracking? What are some of the details you can give us about where you think you are in the Fusion cycle?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay. Well, we're seeing rapid growth in Fusion across-the-board in CRM and in HCM. We're at the stage where we're winning the majority of deals and competes against Workday. So probably our outstanding -- or the outstanding, most rapidly growing part of our Fusion suite, which you know is ERP, CRM and HCM, the most complete suite of cloud applications available from any supplier. We're beating Workday on [indiscernible] market. To give you examples, we're beating them in North America, and we're almost shutting them out in Europe. So it's very, very exciting. We're also -- we also are getting good wins against salesforce with our Fusion Sales automation product. Mark?
Mark V. Hurd: Yes. To add to Larry's comments, let's stay on HCM. We've got the advantage in most international markets to be the first mover. So we're in those markets before anybody. Our product is quite advanced and our wins, to Larry's point, internationally are just tremendous. So I won't go in any customer names. We've given you some in the past in Europe, but very rapid there. Our RightNow acquisition has been very significant. Again remember, a lot of RightNow was U.S.-based. We've now been capable -- or we've now taken it global. So our wins globally have been significant, same thing in CRM with sales automation. Our product is advancing. I read you some of the wins in the quarter, just it's been a rapid growth phase for us. And as I mentioned in my script, we're investing into it with more headcount. Our headcount now is growing in every region, and we have a strong belief that more headcount with a great product like what we've got means more growth.
Safra A. Catz: And of course as you know, we have nearly -- I guess we have more than 100 modules of Fusion. So we've got products and really most of the pillars are doing very well, and we've got customers implementing them right now.
Operator: We will go next to John DiFucci of JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is for Mark. Mark, it looks like Europe put up solid results this quarter. It was, again, the first relatively easy comp in a while. But nevertheless, double-digit growth doesn't really fit with what we continue to generally hear about the region. Can you talk a little bit about what happened in the region, and how sustainable that kind -- those kinds of -- kind of results are?
Mark V. Hurd: Well I don't mean to be trite, but I think the only ones around that aren't surprised about Europe is us. We started investing frankly into Europe -- in headcount in Europe 1 year -- over 1 year ago, and it may seem counter to what most people -- the conventional wisdom is, but we decided to grow our headcount. As we've talked about globally, I mentioned the amount of scale we've got in headcount. We made a decision in Europe, and we hired up early. A lot of that headcount has now been in place 4 and 5 quarters -- 3, 4 and 5 quarters. We've seen pipeline result as a result of that. As a result, we have gained share. Our apps growth in Europe was extremely impressive this quarter. We gained share over SAP, and you've seen it happen multiple times. We have a very strong organization in Europe. I mentioned about the success of HCM in Europe and the quick start we've gotten over there. So we have a strong group there. I'm not going to tell you that we don't see the conversion rates. We see the pressure on the conversion rates, but we're in more deals than we've been before, and we see us in a position now where we are gaining significant share.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And if I might, just a quick follow-up for Safra. A question on cash flow. Second quarter is seasonally a low cash flow quarter, but the results this quarter were less than we were -- or at least within we had modeled. If you could just comment on that.
Safra A. Catz: Yes. Well, you have to look back, actually. At both Q4 and Q1, we had really excellent cash flows. As a result, the collections were very, very, very high. In fact, they were higher -- significantly higher than earnings. And so while we collected a lot -- so this quarter is just a little bit lower. And in addition, we had, gee, $400-plus million in tax payments, which impacts it. So that's really all there is.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And that's actually the delta between -- the $400 million's delta between what we were looking for in what you did.
Operator: We will go next to Kash Rangan of Merrill Lynch.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Mark, you made some comments regarding the sequential unit growth rate in Exadata, 70% sequential growth and a few other things that were discussed. Does this mean that you're tracking well towards the 100% goal that you outlined earlier for Engineered Systems and also the $1 billion run rate, or any puts and takes there? And I guess I have one question for you, Safra. The fiscal cliff, any comments there with respect to customer behavior as we go into the February quarter?
Mark V. Hurd: Well thanks, Kash. I would tell you from an aspirational perspective, we're changing nothing. Our objective is to double the Engineered Systems business. In various quarters, we may be above that or slightly below it. But generally speaking, that's a trajectory run, and you're going to see us keep pushing on that. So with that, I'll turn it over to Safra.
Safra A. Catz: Yes. Well as you can see in our numbers, folks wanted to spend their budget, continue to want to spend their budgets. We were having an absolutely wonderful December so far. So what's going on in Washington, I don't know who is necessarily influencing today. But I can tell you our customers are -- have been spending money with us even here in December.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's good to hear, Safra. I hope the debate continues in Washington, and we actively sell software.
Operator: And we will go next -- the next question is from Jason Maynard of Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I had a question about sales performance and productivity. There obviously were a lot of questions last quarter or so about changes of the sales force and sales headcount ramping. And now for 2 quarters in a row, new software license has done probably better than most on the street have expected. I'm curious, Mark, just to get your characterization in terms of productivity, ramping for those net new hires, and how are you feeling about the back half of the year in delivering, if you will, as you get at obviously your bigger Q4?
Mark V. Hurd: Well without making too many forward-looking statements, we’re talking about Q2 and Q3 forecast but in general I think, Jason, we feel great. I mean we’re a very attractive company in terms of attracting talent. So the first question is do I think the people we're hiring are great people? We think we're getting the best people in the industry, point one. Point two, we think we're very capable in doing a good job assimilating those people. As you know to your productivity ramp. That's a big deal. How we train them, how we prepare them, how we get them oriented in terms of being -- getting them ready to sell and to beat competition. As we've talked before, we've lined up our sales force. We lined them up against our sector competitors. We specialize them. We train them to be experts in their products. As you know, that takes time. We generally plan on a 12-month ramp time for salespeople to come in and frankly not to be very productive. If they are productive, then frankly that's gravy for us. And we've seen ramps at, I would say, the speeds we expected or faster. And as a result, in some regions, I've mentioned 1 in Europe, I would say we have some other regions in the country that actually moved a little bit faster in hiring, and you see those show up in the pipeline and you show it up -- and you see it in the results that we're showing. So we feel great about the talent we're attracting. We feel great about the assimilation process. And I've got news for you, Jason, we're actually still hiring. So we plan to hire more because as we specialize the sales force, it actually creates a need for us to have more people. We're hiring in our verticals. We're hiring in cloud. We're hiring in every single region. And again I'll put out in this call, those of you that have talented people that are looking for a great company to join, please send us their resume because we're looking for great folks.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yes, we're also hiring in BI. I'll give you a whole list.
Mark V. Hurd: It's true. I mean listen, I -- just to give you some kind of -- Larry mentioned BI. We've gone in some regions where we've more than doubled our headcount. By the way to be clear, that’s in the poll [ph] structure we just gave you. So we've done some work to get some other things a little bit more efficient as we've done it, but we’ve really ramped up. And so this is -- in our view, this is how you grow. When you have great products, you get great people out there representing the products in the industry.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, let me just say that I think Mark and his team in the field have done an extraordinary job of ramping the sales force without increasing sales expense. So we've dramatically improved the tooth-to-tail ratio of our field sales organization. And that is we've added salespeople and sales consultants while getting -- while downsizing some of the groups whose job was to help. So we've specialized our sales force, increased the size of our sales force, added sales consultants, added salespeople and have kept expenses pretty close to flat. So we have a lot more firepower right now in terms of our distribution -- organization, and we're going to keep doing that for at least the next 18 months. So again, we're going to do it very conservatively. We're going to add the capacity without adding the expense.
Operator: And we will go next to Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm just wondering, Mark, given all the enhancements you made with the release of Fusion, can you share with us the type of attach rates you're seeing of the add-ons that are not included in the maintenance payments people are making? And secondly, I guess given the success you're seeing in the cloud subscription revenue line, how should we think about this in terms of the software license update growth rate going forward, if at all, in terms of the impact it could have?
Mark V. Hurd: Okay. First, a lot of questions there, Heather. I think first in terms of modular attach, I mean these are very early days, right? So modular attach, in our view, is a long-term strategy. The fact that we would sell recruiting in HCM and then sell succession planning, maybe that even leads to core HR. So our attach rate, we looked at it over a number of years. I mean -- so for example in the quarter, we had some very significant logos, I read only a few of them, where we closed the module. And frankly as soon as we closed the module, we had a proposal for another one, another one, et cetera, et cetera. So it's a core part of our strategy in terms of attach, and I say that in terms of attach of module to module. Your question about subscription rate, and I think your point was -- I think you're trying to tell me, "How should you think about the growth of it?" And frankly, there's a couple of different dynamics to it, and I'm going to let Safra decide how we're going to talk to you about that because it's a combination of new annual recurring revenue...
Safra A. Catz: Right.
Mark V. Hurd: That we measure very closely. And then we measure renewal rates very closely, but they're frankly 2 separate metrics. And then there's a third metric, which is the expansion of an existing customer. So you've got both -- I've got the customer. I'm going to expand them, that's one opportunity. The second, I'm just going to renew the customer I've got. And then third, a net new logo, and the combination of those 3 create annual revenue. So that's how I'd say we think about it.
Safra A. Catz: Okay. So, Heather, I think what you're trying to get to is whether our software update number is going to slow down as people maybe [Audio Gap] from on-premise to cloud. And I think at this point where we are is that you actually have to kind of understand the scale of these things. Because as a general matter, folks who are already on-premise will buy some SaaS modules and -- as add-ons and to the extent that they are converting from one to the other. The first thing is, as a general matter, we always get more money, so first. Secondly, I want to just remind you that our support number, the thing we call software license and updates and product support, is $4.2 billion. In fact, the -- after the point number, the $260 million, that's actually bigger than our SaaS number. So let's say it's just not going to have a material impact. Our renewal rates remain extremely, extremely high and over the next -- it took us 30 years to get to $4.2 billion as customers convert. Well theoretically, it might not grow as quickly. But at this point, we've got a long way to go, I would say extremely bullish on our high, high renewal rates. So we expect that number to grow and our SaaS number grow simultaneously at much higher percentages because it's a smaller base.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Brendan Barnicle of Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Safra, from your comments, it sounded like you guys are seeing a year-end budget flush, which is pretty encouraging. Are you now seeing any changes in pricing or the pricing environment?
Safra A. Catz: Seems things are going very, very well, obviously. Things are going well. Folks want to close deals. Folks want to close deals in November. They want to continue to close deals now in December. It's new. It's good. So far, so good. No negative impact on pricing. Pricing remains very good for us all around. Remember we have the deepest, broadest product line in the industry. Really, no one has everything we have. And as a result customers, when they come and buy from us, they often buy many things. And as a result, I think they're happy with our pricing, and we're happy with their purchases.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mark Murphy of Piper Jaffray.
Mark R. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: From what you've described, it sounds like the Database business is performing well and that has really been no letup there. But the 12c product cycle is coming here soon, and we've heard it described as a very big leap forward. So I'm just wondering how should we think about the impact of 12c -- of that product cycle in terms of what it means, both for the industry and also for your Database revenue growth?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, I think the big component of 12c is the fact that the first database is really designed for the cloud. In other words, we've moved the multi-tenancy feature out of the application and down into the database layer, which gives people much better capability, much better security. And we think a lot of people who -- a lot of companies like salesforce.com [indiscernible], our customers will want to take advantage of Oracle 12c. It will make their businesses much more efficient. It will make their customers much more secure and much more reliable. They'll get better performance and so on. So we think it will greatly enhance our own cloud offering. We think it's very attractive to our customers who are putting in their own private clouds. So our enterprise customers are often -- are installing private clouds rather than doing more traditional database implementations in their data centers. So the key component -- or the key feature of Oracle 12c is the fact that it moves multi-tenancy down into the database layer. We think it will help our cloud business. It will help all of the cloud companies that depend on the Oracle Database. And it will be very, very attractive to our enterprise customers. So I think it will drive growth. It will drive growth of the Oracle Database for the next several years.
Safra A. Catz: Yes. I wouldn't model anything short term into it because as you know, our customers who are paying for license updates and product support are entitled to the product as part of that and over time, they upgrade to it over multiple years. But because of the additional features, we do think that it makes us even more competitive, and we actually expect to continue to gain market share as we have for the past 20 years.
Mark V. Hurd: Yes. Just on the quarter too on the Database business, we had big growth -- we've good solid growth in every region. And we did it across not just the core database, but also our options. And we've had a release of Enterprise Manager that's had quite a positive impact too. We've had solid growth in Enterprise Manager. So when you look across every region and you look across each of the 3 core elements of our database business, we had strong growth in the quarter.
Operator: And we will take our final question today from Brad Reback of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Brad R. Reback - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Mark, you mentioned during the prepared remarks that verticals were up about 60% year-over-year. Could you give us some color around that? Is that a function of just the increased coverage, products taking market share?
Mark V. Hurd: Yes. I think -- I mean listen, we've put a lot of effort into our verticals. We're a strong believer as a team in this strategy that when we actually solve a customer's problem, their business problem, those are discussions we're having at the CEO level. And the implication it has strategically for us as well as the customer is huge. So not only do we get the opportunity to get that growth in the vertical business that you're describing, but the pull it has across our entire product line is material. So I think in addition, we've invested a lot of R&D. We've made some acquisitions. We feel great about our position in communications, our position in retail. Our performance in retail has been outstanding, just outstanding. The implications it had across our entire product line has been profound in terms of just the growth that it's driven. We've made big investments in Financial Services, big investments not just in product but also in scaling out our sales force. So those 3 are very big industries in terms of just the total spend. Financial Services is probably the biggest when you take manufacturing about from being sort of segmented into multiple industries. And so those 3 have been very big for us. We've made investments in utilities, which we saw growth in utilities again in the quarter. We've seen growth in healthcare in the quarter as well. And then I would say overall, just to finish it, we've had -- we've invested in growth. Our pipelines are up. And not only we feel good about the quarter, we're optimistic about the verticals as we go forward as well.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back to Ken Bond for closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. The dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions, and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. With that, we'll close the call, operator.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference call. Once again, we would like to thank everyone for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-09-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond Safra A. Catz - President, Chief Financial Officer and Director Mark V. Hurd - President and Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Director
Analysts: Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brad Reback - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation Quarterly Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Erin. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President and CFO, Safra Catz; and President, Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-Q and 10-K and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price for stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Ken. I'm going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q1. I'll then review guidance for Q2 and turn the call over to Mark and Larry for their comments. Before I start, I want to point out a couple of things about the quarter's report. First of all, because the U.S. dollar strengthened over the last year, our as-reported results actually partially masked the underlying strength of our business. During the first quarter, currency movement reduced new license revenues by 5%, total revenues by 5%, net income and earnings per share by 6%, which is $0.03 per share compared to Q1 of last year. So I'll focus on constant currency growth rates, unless I state otherwise. Secondly, as we offer cloud services, which combine our applications and technology products in a service, the historical line between our technology and application results is less relevant. So we will now disclose a combined new software license and cloud software subscription revenue number, though we will break out the cloud revenue number for you. Expenses will not be broken out, because the same sales organization and the same development organization are the bulk of the expenses in both our on-premise software and cloud offering. Okay. Now for the quarter. We are pleased with our software results as new software license and cloud subscription revenues were $1.6 billion, up 11% and building off a solid base of 11% up last year. Cloud revenue for the quarter was $222 million. In addition, we continue to see broad-based strength as the quarter was balanced with new license and cloud subscriptions growing 14% in the Americas. That's on a GAAP basis -- actually, 16% on a non-GAAP basis -- 12% in APAC, while Europe saw growth of 1%, on top of 15% growth last year on a GAAP basis. The quarter was also not dependent on any large deals. Software license update and product support revenues were $4.1 billion, up 8% and up 1%, sequentially. In U.S. dollars on the income statement chart, it appears that support is down sequentially, but this is entirely a result of currency fluctuation as support attach and renewal rates continue at the usual high levels. Hardware system products revenue was $779 million. Engineered systems continue to grow at triple digit rates. For the company, total revenue for the quarter was $8.2 billion, up 3% from last year. Our non-GAAP operating income of $3.6 billion was 6% higher than last year as our operating margin expanded to 44% from 42% last year. We still believe there remains a lot of leverage in our business model. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 23.4%, nearly on top of the guidance rate I gave last quarter. EPS for the quarter grew 11% in U.S. dollars to $0.53 on a non-GAAP basis. Without the negative impact of currency, our non-GAAP earnings per share would have been 3% higher at $0.56, up 17%. Our GAAP tax rate was 24.7%, which was higher than my guidance for last quarter. On a GAAP basis, EPS for the quarter was $0.41 in U.S. dollars. And without the impact of currency, GAAP EPS would have been $0.44, up 24%. Now our GAAP earnings per share included $306 million minimum payment related to our lawsuit against SAP, which is their payment to us, which we exclude from our non-GAAP numbers. Operating cash flow increased to a record $14 billion over the last 4 quarters, with operating cash flow increasing this quarter to an all-time high of $5.7 billion, up from $5.4 billion last year. Free cash flow grew to a record $13.4 billion over the last 4 quarters. We now have nearly $32 billion in cash and marketable securities. Now as we said, we remain committed to returning value to our shareholders through our technical innovation, acquisitions, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividend. And this quarter, we increased our share repurchases again as we repurchased 104.2 million shares for a total of $3.1 billion in the quarter. Over the last 12 months, we've repurchased nearly 300 million shares for a total of $8.2 billion. And the Board again declared a quarterly dividend of $0.06 per share. Now to the guidance. New software license and cloud subscription revenue is expected to range from 6% to 16% in constant currency and 5% to 15% in reported dollars on a non-GAAP basis. On a GAAP basis, New software license and cloud subscription revenue is expected to range from 5% to 15% in constant currency and 4% to 14% in reported currency. Hardware product revenue growth is expected to range from a negative 18% to a negative 8% in constant dollars and reported currency. As a result, total revenue growth on a non-GAAP and GAAP basis is expected to range from 1% to 5% in constant dollars and 0% to 4% in U.S. dollars. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.59 and $0.63 in both U.S. dollars and in constant currency, up from $0.54 last year. GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.45 to $0.49 in U.S. dollars and in constant currency. Now this guidance assumes a GAAP tax rate of 24% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 25%. Of course, that may end up being different. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark V. Hurd: Thanks, Safra. Just a couple of quick comments before I give it to Larry. Software, we got to a solid start with 11% CD growth. It's a little better than we expected. Double-digit growth in the U.S., Latin America and Asia Pacific. In cloud, we will add some key cloud wins in both CRM and HCM, including Accenture, Adobe, Airstream, Barnes & Noble, Cisco, Colgate-Palmolive, Cox Communications, DIRECTV, Kraft Foods, Macy's, NVIDIA, Proctor & Gamble, Sandia National Labs, Schneider Electric and Telstra. Now I don't usually read that list because it takes a period of time. But today, I wanted you to know that this is just tremendous customer acceptance that we're seeing, and our pipeline and our team are still ramping. So I wanted to make sure you just had some flavor for the kind of acceptance we're seeing. We expect we'll be at or over $1 billion run rate next quarter, and we believe we have the people and the services to win a lot of business in the cloud. Let me go to Engineered Systems. It was another strong, exit [ph] quarter, with revenue more than doubling last year. We had great Exadata wins at Verizon, Nissan, Petrobras, Bank of America and GlaxoSmithKline. Exalogic had a great quarter, with unit sales nearly 3x last year. Wins at Accenture, Hutchison Global, United Healthcare, Agilent and CalPERS. And Exalytics had a strong ramp, with incalculable growth, obviously, since we introduced it late last year, but with great wins at the state of California, Macy's, Praxair and Toshiba. On other hardware. We have the hottest UNIX box in the industry with the SPARC T-Series. We grew double digits, and we expect to see continued momentum Q2, Q3 and for the rest of the year with this machine. In our verticals. We continue to see strength in our industry focus solutions. We had double-digit CD growth again in our vertical industry businesses. We've ramped our headcount in this area, and we expect they will have another strong year. Now as an FYI, this week, we introduced the Oracle banking platform. It's one of the most significant product releases from our Financial Services business unit. As it relates to people, as we discussed in Q4, we realigned our sales force last quarter and entered the year with all of our people having a boss, a territory and a comp plan. They're in the market now and growing their pipeline as we speak. In closing, sales headcount is up year-on-year, and our pipeline growth reflects that. Expect us to continue to be aggressive in the cloud, driving our Fusion Applications solutions. We've been aggressive in hiring up in Business Analytics, and we believe that combination with our Exalytics solutions, we're extremely well positioned there. We expect that Engineered Systems, ZFS, our SPARC T-Series will continue to see strong growth throughout the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Let's see. A week from Sunday, at Oracle OpenWorld, we'll announce the addition of Infrastructure as a Service to the Oracle Cloud. With that addition, Oracle will be providing its customers with all 3 tiers of cloud computing: Software as a Service, Platform as a Service and Infrastructure as a Service. Our SaaS offering includes complete application suites for CRM, HCM and ERT. Today, Oracle delivers more SaaS applications than any other cloud service provider in the world. Our PaaS offering, or Platform as a Service, includes the most popular database in the world, Oracle, and the most popular programming language in the world, Java. Those 2 industry-standard platform services, combined with our new social network service platform, gives our customers the tools they need to rapidly develop modern applications that run in the cloud. Our new Infrastructure as a Service offering provides secure, virtualized, compute and storage services. In the Oracle Cloud or -- and this is very important, an identical infrastructure service installed in our customer data center as an Oracle-managed private cloud, customers can easily move their applications from traditional custom and packaged applications to our modern Fusion SaaS applications, back and forth between the Oracle Cloud and their private cloud. Please join us at Oracle OpenWorld for all the details of our new Infrastructure as a Service offering.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Operator, we'll please move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Kash Rangan of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess a question for you, Mark. The company has had an increasingly diverse product portfolio. You've got some of the faster growth products like Exa series and the cloud apps. But given the diversity in the landscape, how do you think about your sales and go-to-market strategy and getting that balance between the core database applications business and finding the right amount of growth for all these exciting new opportunities?
Mark V. Hurd: Yes. Kash, I'll start, and Larry may want to add. I mean, we focus our sales forces, we specialize them so there's actually a sales force that's focused exclusively on selling database, our database offerings, and that's combined with Exadata. So you would find the same thing in Middleware. They would be focused on selling Middleware, and they'd be focused on selling Exalogic in combination with Middleware. And that would go on through our product lines. So our sales forces are very focused. So to your point, as we introduce new products, we bring a sales force typically focused along with that new products. So the potential distraction that you may have described is actually eliminated. We keep them very focused, we train them as such and we point them directly and line them up against our secular competitors.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yes. I mean, I think that's the point. We've reorganized our sales force in Q1-- before Q1 so that we had a dedicated HCM sales force. So if HCM in the cloud becomes very, very hot, we can add reps and add capability in the HCM sales force without distracting -- and the database sales force, it's business as usual. The Middleware sales force, it's business as usual. But again, we'd be adding a lot of reps in HCM, and that's what we're doing. We're adding a lot of reps in service as we move our RightNow service offerings in the cloud around the world and sell it more aggressively in Asia Pacific and in Europe. Same thing with the sales application, our new marketing applications, which are socially enabled. Those are the applications that listen to what people are saying about your product on Facebook, what people are saying about your product in Twitter. It provides that insight to our customers and lets the customers -- then respond and take advantage of those insights. So we have separate dedicated sales forces lined up against our secular competitors that we can expand as the opportunity expands.
Mark V. Hurd: Yes, Kash, I'd add to it. There's also metrics, quotas, pipelines, all the instrumentation is lined up exactly the way Larry described. So we have the ability, any day if you want, to measure our progress, our pipe, our headcount in any geography, in any country, on any specialized product line. So pretty effective model.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jason Maynard of Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have a question for Larry. Oracle's been through many technology platform shifts. And obviously, there is a big one with 11i E-business Suite last decade. Given that you're now rolling out Fusion Cloud Services coming to bear, it'd be great to get your perspective on what you can draw, if you will, from that experience, what you think is different and what are the key things that Oracle has to do to win in this round with the cloud market?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, as you know, a lot of companies have a difficult time adapting to the next generation of technology. And those with the most are also the ones with the most to lose. You have to be willing to change the way you were doing business in the past and adapt to the new opportunities and exploit the new opportunities. So we move very -- well, we decided -- we actually decided, almost 7 years ago, to develop our Fusion Applications, a new generation of applications, which were -- there was no term called cloud then. It was simply called SaaS. So we decided to offer those new applications as a service. We started developing it 7 years ago. Now that we actually them in the marketplace and, for example, HCM is very -- Fusion is very hot. It was hard to build, and it's very hot right now. Not only do we have that product available, we now have to reorganize our sales force, which was -- any change is difficult. We had to reorganize the sales force and get -- have a dedicated sales force focused on HCM. So you have to first recognize that the change is coming. I think we did that 7 years ago with the development of Fusion Applications, and then do the really hard thing, which is, say, okay, guys, these are our old competitors. These are our new competitors. This is what we used to push. Now this is what we're pushing now, which is a cloud service against this specific secular competitor. Retrain your salespeople, add salespeople, specialize your salespeople and focus on these new market opportunities. There's a lot of inertia in a big company. We have 120,000 employees, and it takes a lot of management focus to move people from business-as-usual to pursue these new opportunities. That means retraining and doing things differently. It's not easy, but it's essential. We've done it before. We've done it before successfully. In that sense, this is no different. It's just that we're a lot bigger than we used to be.
Operator: We'll go now to Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I know you don't break out apps versus tech anymore, and you have obviously just commented on your apps strategy. But I was wondering if you could spend some time talking about the trends that you're seeing in the database business in terms of just competition, growth in the market, et cetera? And obviously, Database 11g has been a huge release, but it's getting a little long in the tooth -- there's obviously been growing chatter in the industry about a pending 12c release, which, I'm assuming, the "c" is for cloud. So Larry, wondering if you can also just talk about just future innovations within database and also what that means, just vis-à-vis your competition.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, our big competitor in database and -- in fact, our big competitor in infrastructure, database, middleware, servers is IBM. And we're announcing Oracle 12c at Oracle OpenWorld. So we're rolling out the new version of our database, which had some very exciting specific features for the cloud. So again, if you will -- I'm not sure I want to use the multi-tenant term, but it's kind of -- these have been called multi -- we have a thing called plausible databases, which allow multiple tenants to securely coexist in the same database and, of course, submit them. And then that's covered with virtualization. So we take the belt and suspenders approach to security and make sure your data is isolated and private and safe and secure. So we've done a bunch of work on the database for the cloud. We'll see that -- as I say, that's coming out, announced at OpenWorld and coming out December, January, February next year, in the next few months. That's a very, very big deal. The primary competitor, IBM, I believe, continues to lose share to us every quarter, as does our second competitor, which is SQL Server. After SQL Server, we have some interesting specialized competitors like Teradata. And we believe that Exadata is doing a pretty good job of competing with Teradata. So we don't do lots and lots of head-to-head competitions with Teradata yet. I think we're going to be watching that business, and we're going to be focusing on competing more aggressively with Teradata than we have in the past. But we think we have a better product than our competitors. And all statistics we see is we continue to take share, especially in our larger customers.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John DiFucci of JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a question for Mark. Mark, not long ago, we heard you talk about how selling Engineered Systems has been somewhat of an evangelized sale, requires an IT organization to think differently in regards to architecture and even personnel. But you've also -- we heard you say, and it makes sense, that it's a better solution. With a lower total cost of ownership, it's going to happen. Now I'm not trying to say -- this business has done well, and you've talked about how it did this quarter, and it sounds like it's growing and it's doing really well. But I mean, personally, my team thinks that it -- there's even a brighter future here. How close have we gotten to when customers feel like they're ready to broadly buy Engineered Systems, and especially Exadata and buy in mass?
Mark V. Hurd: I'll try to give you a baseball analogy. I think we're in the first inning. So as you described these numbers -- and I agree, John, with your characterization. I mean, these are great numbers on a -- for a start of a product, et cetera. But relative to the magnitude of the industry opportunity, you've got a $60 billion -- $55 billion to $60 billion server market, and that market actually doubles when you include the storage. And you have to include storage to really look at the magnitude of what's in front of us from an Exadata perspective. And you have to add what we can do with Middleware and apps with Exalogic and so forth and so on. So this really is what you described. Now what you see us doing, and I read off some very, very large, well-known logos that are now adopting the technology. But we're winning a project at a time, and we're gaining more and more architectural wins as we go. And so, John, we just scratched the surface with this. And that's why, to Larry's point, we specialize our sales force, why we train them, why we focus them the way we do. And just the point being, do I think there's huge upside in the overall Engineered Systems business? Yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Holt of Morgan Stanley.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My question is about Fusion. Now you've been in the market for a little while. To the extent you're comfortable sharing any details with respect to customer adds, where are you seeing demand from a module perspective? And if you could, what the mix is or general mix between on-premise and hosted, just a general flavor for the adoption.
Lawrence J. Ellison: I'll start with Fusion. The hottest part of our Fusion Suite is HCM, and we're seeing the adoption broadly being in the cloud. Fusion is very interesting. It can run on-premise, run in the cloud. And now, with it's -- our latest announcement, it can run on a private -- an Oracle-managed private cloud in your data center. So -- which is kind of midway between -- it's not on-premise because we take responsibility for managing it. We own the server. We run it. It just is behind your firewall in your data center -- the cloud. But overwhelmingly, the choice has been to put these HCM applications in the cloud. Mark, you wanted to add to that?
Mark V. Hurd: Yes. I think, to Larry's point, we had very strong HCM wins in the quarter. I mean, remember, we sell HCM by module. So you've also -- you've got a recruiting app, we've got the ability to get a work-based compensation app. We've got a core HR app, but the wins were tens and tens and tens of wins in HCM. We're seeing the same ramp now on the sales side. So sales automation really with the product is not as mature as HCM, but we've now released it. It's in the market. We now have references. And we had a very, very strong start, and I tried to give you some names in that -- in the early part with sales automation. But again, all of those are SaaS implementations in the quarter. You also know RightNow. We actually go to market by service automation as well, and particularly outside the U.S., which was a key issue for us, was -- RightNow was very strong domestically. We had a strong RightNow quarter outside the U.S. as we began to take that product around the world. So it's very strong right now.
Lawrence J. Ellison: [indiscernible]. So HCM has been the #1 Fusion offering, now closely followed by sales. The interesting thing is we're seeing our specialized competition from both salesforce.com and Workday and seeing virtually no SAP in either of these areas.
Operator: We'll go now to Brent Thill of UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Larry, there's increasing attention around Social for the enterprise, and I was curious if you can give us your view and your role on monetizing this trend and how you think it plays in your cloud strategy.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, last year, we announced basically social network services as a part of our cloud platform. Now there's 2 ways to look at Social: You can look at Social as a separate application. In other words, as a SaaS application, which our friends at salesforce.com, that's the way they put it in their architectural slide. We actually put Social at the platform level. It's really a tool that allows you to socially enable any application that you're building. So you would use Java, the Oracle database and our social network services to build a modern social application with social characteristics. So when -- we think it's a tool. Social is not an application, a stand-alone application. Rather, it's integrated with the platform and all of the applications you build on top of that platform become social. What I mean by that is then they all -- you can communicate. If you're -- one group is using an HR application, another group is using a sales application. Those are both sales -- social applications and the HR people can communicate directly with the salespeople and so on. So we put it at the platform level as a tool, not as a stand-alone application level. And we can think that's -- is that architectural difference is a big deal.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I know you are going to say more at the user conference on this as a dedicated session. How far do you think this is from your ability to monetize this?
Lawrence J. Ellison: I think we're monetizing it now. Again, we're very happy we're in the market on the Fusion side. So all of the -- again, all of the -- do you mean specifically the social network services? Or just cloud applications? Monetize what? These are [indiscernible] which you -- what you're asking.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Your Social Platform.
Lawrence J. Ellison: All right. Well, again, the Social Platform adds value to all of our applications. So it adds value to our HR -- our HCM applications. It adds value to our sales applications. It adds value to our service application. So we're not measuring Social as a separate stand-alone thing. Rather, it's adding value and allowing all of these other applications to integrate and communicate. So we're monetizing it now. It's made our HCM applications more competitive against Workday. It makes our sales applications more competitive against salesforce. So we sell more of those. It's more of a differentiator and advantage. So that's one part of it. Then there's this other part of Social. Again, it's a big area. In marketing, social marketing, Social kind of at the center of the marketing applications where we listen to the Twitter feeds, we look at the Facebook posts, we let companies analyze what people are saying about their products and services in other social networks. And then we present that information and insight to them and let them -- and you can take action on that. For example, it comes directly out of our social analysis tools and let's -- and you can feed it directly into service, into our RightNow service. Or we have tools, social tools that allow you to build a Facebook presence, a store on Facebook. So it makes it -- so marketing, modern marketing, if you will, is very social-centric. But that's not the only place we're using social. We're using it across all of our apps. But I suppose it's most conspicuous in modern marketing.
Operator: And let's take our next question from Brad Reback of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Brad Reback - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: For Mark. Last year, Mark, you guys hired over 3,000, broadly speaking, new sales heads. I think 500 alone in 4Q. How should we think about the ramp of those salespeople? How is it progressing? And then number two, when do we really start to see the impact on the growth rate of the overall business from those people?
Mark V. Hurd: Well, you're seeing it. And I think when you look at our Q1, when you look at the guidance we just gave you on Q2, we have more people in the field than we had, to your point. We have certain areas we're continuing to hire. We're very focused in the areas Larry described around our Fusion apps. We're hiring in Business Analytics as well still today. Now many of those people that we started in Q1 and sort of mid-Q2, it's typically a 9-month, 12-month ramp, and that's why I made the comments earlier about the growth in our pipeline. And that's how we measure it. We measure it by rep. We know when you came in, we know your tenure, we know when you got trained, we know what your territory is and we can align your pipes directly to that territory. So you're beginning to see them feather into the productive category. As we go quarter by quarter, of course we get more productivity out of those folks that we hired.
Operator: And our final question will come from Brendan Barnicle of Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Mark, on the hardware side, you guys have been transitioning to Engineered Systems and away from the commodity server business. When does that bottom out? And how do you get confidence around that so that we get a consistent growth profile there? And then secondly, just quickly on margins. Good improvement there. What's your expectations as those go forward? And what's your biggest leverage point going forward?
Mark V. Hurd: I'll start. Listen. I think we're going to go -- as we talked about earlier, we'll see growth in Q4 of the overall business in hardware. We're very focused right now because we've got hot products, as we described with the T4. We're aggressively taking it to market. And so for us, it's in our best interest. And in the hardware business, if you just think about the products that we've released over the course of the past 18 months, Exadata, Exalogic, Exalytics, T4, ZFS, where we release new products, we drive growth. We gain share. I think you should expect that trend to continue. We've been -- in the places where we don't have differentiation, x86; or where we haven't refreshed, for example. You don't see that growth. To be very frank, our margins are going up, and our market positions in the markets that we care about are going up as well. And one last point I wanted to make, and I'll turn it over to Safra on operating margin, I want to make sure I was clear on the Engineering Systems point and to John's earlier question. I want to make sure you have context for this. Most of our customers are growing their data at 35%, 40%, 45% per year. That's today. That's before some of these Big Data applications that you hear about continue, continue to evolve on the scene. Most of our customers spend $8,500, $9,000 a terabyte to store the data that I described. Most of our customers spend 15% to 20% of their IT budget on storage. When you look at what we can do with Exadata and the compression we can bring to that very data set, in many cases, 10x means I had a petabyte. After we're done, you've got 100 terabytes. And the economic impact that has on our customers and any customer that's got an Oracle database estate is eligible to see those kind of opportunities. It's the reason we are so focused and you hear us talk so much about the opportunity with Engineered Systems and it's opportunity to change the landscape of the infrastructure and our customer's business. So the focus is going to be on driving the new products and driving growth as we described.
Safra A. Catz: On the margin side, there's really no reason why we can't get to the pre-Sun operating margins very soon. We're clearly on our way. We have the highest operating margins of the software companies in general. And even though we have a $3 billion, almost $4 billion hardware company buried in us, we will get to our pre-Sun, pre-hardware operating margins very soon. And clearly, we took another step in that direction this quarter. And as volumes increase in hardware, which they will, that will help also. But the business has -- otherwise, is just extremely strong.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn it back over to you, Mr. Bond, for any additional or closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Erin. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference. We thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-06-19 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond Safra A. Catz - President, Chief Financial Officer and Director Mark V. Hurd - President and Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Analysts: Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President and CFO, Safra Catz; and President, Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra. Safra?
Safra A. Catz: Hi. Thanks, Ken, and thank you, all, for joining us on such short notice. As you can see, we delivered a really strong quarter to finish the year in the face of sort of a wild Europe global economy month-close new cycle. Since we were actually ready and in an effort to permit us to speak more freely, we thought you wouldn't mind if we released today instead. I'm going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q4 in fiscal 2012. I'll then review guidance for Q1, and then turn the call over to Mark and Larry for their comments. With the strengthening U.S. dollar, the currency headwind for new software license was 5%, which, many of you remember, is 2 percentage points higher than our guidance. Total revenue saw similar effect as the currency headwind was higher than expected. As a result, my remarks hereafter reflect constant dollar growth rates unless I tell you otherwise. For the full fiscal year, we delivered 9% new license growth in constant dollars following, of course, a spectacular year last year at 19%. Our software business surpassed IBM's last year and is now growing at more than double the rate of IBM over the last 5 years. We delivered 11% EPS growth for this fiscal year after reporting 33% last year, and we still averaged nearly 20% growth over the last 5 years. Obviously, we couldn't be happier with our Q4 results. The new software license revenue for the quarter was at the high end of my guidance, to a record $4 billion, up 12%. We’re especially pleased as this was the third consecutive year that we've reported double-digit growth for the fourth quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, our new license growth as reported over the last 5 years is nearly double that of SAP. We continue to see broad-based geographic and product momentum as technology new license revenues were $2.7 billion, up 5% following double-digit growth in each of the prior 2 -- last 2 years. Applications had a fantastic quarter, growing to $1.3 billion, up 27%, this on 16% growth last year. All the regions, including EMEA, reported double-digit growth in applications, with North America reporting an amazing 38% growth. Geographically, the quarter was strong and balanced, with new license growing 16% in the Americas, 13% in APAC and 2% in EMEA. And again, the quarter was not dependent on any large deals. Software license update and product support revenues were $4.2 billion, up 8% on this highly profitable and recurring part of our business. Hardware system revenue was $977 million for the quarter, which was above our guidance. Engineered systems business is now running at an annual rate of over $1 billion or so, and the growth rate of this business has been nothing short of amazing. Hardware gross margins were 51% for the quarter on lower volume than we had last year. Total revenue for the quarter was $11 billion, up 5% from last year. In addition to our strong top line performance, we're pleased with our non-GAAP operating income of $5.5 billion, which was 10% higher than last year as operating margins expanded to 50% from 48% last year. And the full year operating margin was at 46.2% as we continue to see ample leverage in our business model. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 21.8%. Okay. Sorry, I am not in my regular position, so I'm just trying to put together what I've got here. So let me move on to guidance. So assuming -- oh, okay. Non-GAAP -- sorry, not ready to go there. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.82 above our forecast, even after considering the favorable tax rate. That we’re able to put these top line and bottom line results given our size once again demonstrates the strength of our diversified portfolio of enterprise products, the breadth of loyalty of our huge customer base and the strength of our operating model. The fact remains that we have products in the data center, in the cloud and everywhere that customers want to buy. We now have $30.7 billion in cash and marketable securities. And operating cash flow increased to a record $13.7 billion for the year, while free cash flow increased to 3.1 -- excuse me, $13.1 billion for the year, up 22% from last year. Over the last 5 years, our free cash flow has grown at an average of 20%, further demonstrating the strength of the business model. As we've always said, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisition, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and the dividend. This quarter, we repurchased 87.6 million shares for a total of $2.5 billion for the full year. We repurchased more than 207 million shares for a total of nearly $6 billion. The record share repurchases of this year will nearly match of those of the last 3 years combined. As you saw in our release, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $10 billion of common stock under our existing share repurchase program in future quarters. The board again declared a dividend of $0.06. I'm going to move to the guidance. I will say in advance, obviously, I do read the same newspapers you all do and do keep up with the news of the economy, et cetera, and so I have tried to keep that in mind in my guidance regardless of our achievements in the fourth quarter. So assuming exchange rates remain where they are at current levels, which right now is a negative 5% currency impact on license growth rate and on total revenue growth rate, our guidance for Q1 is as follows. New software license revenue growth on a non-GAAP basis is expected to range, these are in constant dollars, 5% to 15% in constant currency or 10 -- 0% to 10% on current rates. On a GAAP basis, we expect new software license growth range to be anywhere from 4% to 14% in constant currency and negative 1% to positive 9% under current rates. Hardware product revenue growth is expected to range from negative 12% to negative 2% in constant currency and negative 17% to negative 7% in current rates, and that doesn't include the hardware support revenue. Total revenue growth on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 3% to 6% in constant currency and negative 2% to positive 1% in current rate. The non-GAAP EPS is expected to be anywhere from $0.54 to $0.58 in constant currency or $0.51 to $0.55 at current rate, up from $0.48 last year. GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.40 to $0.44 in constant currency and $0.37 to $0.41 at current rate. This guidance assumes a GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate of 23.5%. Of course, it may end up being different. With that, I will turn it over to Mark for his comments.
Mark V. Hurd: Thanks, Safra. I'll just make a couple comments and turn it over to Larry. We're lining up to drive even more growth. We've lined up our North American organization to compete with our new application competitors. And just to be clear, we're not lining up our sales force. They are already lined up. In Q4, we integrated Taleo and RightNow into North America and have record bookings. In Q4, we lined up territories to be ready on June 1. This is the earliest I'm aware of that we've ever had territories and comp plans aligned. Everyone has a boss, a territory and a comp plan. We've asked Joanne Olsen, who runs cloud services, to run our North American applications business. Many of you know Joanne. She is one of our most capable executives. All in order to get prepared to compete and drive more focus and more growth. There are no changes toward tech or our hardware sales forces. No changes in any other geographies. We will continue to specialize our sales force against our secular competitors to take advantage of what we believe are significant growth opportunities. We added 500 sales and presales people in the fourth quarter. This makes a net increase of 3,300 people this year. Deal and sales attrition are down materially over the past couple of years. Better news, the attrition amongst our top performers is down materially as well. We have the best product lineup in the industry, a great pipeline and sales resources to drive even more organic growth. This year, we added sales resource while managing our expenses. We further specialized our sales force. We also worked to ready the team earlier than ever before to execute for the upcoming year. In closing, it was not only a strong numerical quarter in licenses, engineered systems and fast signings. We did the things that you won't see in the numbers to prepare for future growth. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Larry.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Well, Safra walked you through the numbers. And to me, the 12% constant dollar growth for new software licenses really stands out. We sold $4 billion in software for the first time ever, and this growth comes off double-digit comparisons over the last 2 years. Software had a fantastic quarter on multiple fronts, including applications growth of 27% in constant dollars. The Oracle Cloud is now open for business. And with the addition of RightNow and Taleo, we're already the world's second largest SaaS company, with the bookings approaching $1 billion run rate. Human Capital Management had a great quarter, with SaaS wins over Workday at UBS, Société Générale and Vivendi. CRM also had a great quarter, with SaaS wins at Green Mountain Coffee, Swiss Light and Graco. Our industry-focused businesses grew faster than our other software sales this quarter, with strength in health care, retail and financial services. Over the last 5 years, our GBUs have grown approximately 4x faster than our other software businesses. By helping customers automate their strategic industry-specific processes, we position Oracle to sell the customer our entire stack of integrated technology. Hardware. Another great quarter for engineered systems. We came very close to booking as much business this quarter as we did for all of last year for engineered systems. Q4 bookings were $274 million. In FY '11, bookings were $300 million for engineered systems, very exciting. Both Exadata and Exalogic saw triple-digit bookings growth, with great wins at PayPal, Deutsche Bank, Telefonica, Facebook and at SAP's largest oil and gas customer in Europe. Exalogic continues to ramp faster than Exadata. And Exalytics, our in-memory analytics competitor to SAP's HANA, is ramping faster than Exalogic. In Exalytics' second quarter since the product was released, unit bookings are more than double Exalogic and 10x those of Exadata in their second quarters, respectively. Exalytics may very well be the strongest engineered system value proposition Oracle has yet released, and we're not seeing much competition from HANA. We have great Exalytics wins at Toshiba, Sodexo and Thomson Reuters, who also bought Exadata, Exalogic and Big Data Appliance systems during the quarter. While we exceeded our hardware forecast this quarter, our focus remains at returning the overall hardware business to growth in FY '13. With that, I'll turn it back over to Ken.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Operator, we can begin the Q&A portion of the call, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'd love to get a little bit more color on this transformation into selling Exa systems. And to get your perspective in terms of how ready, willing is the customer for sort of mainstream adoption and how much more work do you have to do in terms of getting all the products lined up in terms of making that, if you will, that -- called a mainstream type of push so we can see Exa becoming maybe an even greater percentage of the hardware business?
Mark V. Hurd: Okay, Jason. I'll start, then turn it over to Larry for a couple of comments. As Larry stated, our revenue in engineered systems more than doubled in dollars year-over-year. And that's with the effect of currency. So we had material growth in engineered systems over the course of the year. And I think what you saw in Q4 -- what we saw in Q4 was some pretty material movements in terms of existing customers buying many more. And these are brand names, Jason. Brand names buying now instead of 2 or 3, buying 10 and 20 to the point that it became as big a number as Larry described, where, in the quarter, we frankly almost booked as much as we sold all of FY '11. So I think it's just exactly what you would expect. It's blocking and tackling for us, getting customers to try the technology. It's a disruption to their normal path of business. Remember, all of our Exa solutions combined servers and Exadata combines storage as well as software. And I think the ramp you're seeing is superb, and I think you should expect to see it again in 2013. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yes. Well, again, we expect our Exa system business to approximately double in the current year. And the systems, while they're very, very fast right now, they're getting even faster as we adopt Intel's latest chips, the latest InfiniBand technology, the latest in large Flash memory systems. So we're riding that technology curve and improving our Exa systems at a much faster rate than, let's say, IBM is improving its Power Systems. So while we're faster than IBM Power now, that advantage is going to grow over the coming year and in coming years. This creates 2 interesting opportunities. One is for us to become the #1 player in high-end systems. Again, we expect to exit this current year selling about the same unit volume in the Exa line as IBM sells in their Power line. And we think at a somewhat higher unit price. So we think we're going to come very close at moving to the #1 position in high-end systems. That is not the endgame here. The most interesting part of Exa is not that we just deliver the highest performance of any computer out there. It's that our cost performance is so attractive. Remember, Exa is build out of commodity x86 machines or Xeon server parts. Therefore, we have the ability to not only achieve very high peak performance, but also achieve industry-leading cost performance. So we think we actually can eat into the commodity business, as well as the high-end server business. So we think Exa applies not just to high-end computing, but up and down the line, which gives us incredible growth potential going forward.
Mark V. Hurd: Jason, just to -- when Larry is talking about 2x, we are forecasting a big 2013. Again, a doubling effect of engineered systems again. And so listen, you could feel the momentum. We can certainly see it in our pipeline, and we can see it in our results. And that Q4 was extremely strong for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I had a question following up on Jason's about the Exa product line. This seems to be the first quarter in a while where you guys have been able to really upside, surprise and do the high end of the range on the hardware side. And I'm just wondering specifically what -- even listening to your comments, what specifically changed this quarter? Is it some of the new Exa products ramping? Is it the sales force more comfortable? And also, kind of do you guys feel now that you have enough history where you're comfortable with the guidance forecast given, I think, it was probably a little bit harder business to forecast given you didn't have the history, Safra, that you did with the license business? So I'm just wondering if you could share some thoughts around that.
Lawrence J. Ellison: I'd like the comment. This is Larry. It's really a very, very simple answer. We had a large commodity hardware business that was getting smaller a year ago and a small Exa business that was getting larger. Now we have a small commodity business getting smaller and a larger, much larger Exa business getting larger. So as we double the Exa business off a much larger base, it's a much larger percentage of the total. So there are always 2 things going on. We said there's always 2 things going on in our product line. The commodity business was in decline, and the engineered systems business was ramping very rapidly. Now that the commodity business is small and the engineered business is large, a much larger percentage of the total, the impact on the overall number is very positive because as Exa doubles, that's going to move the needle dramatically. So we expect that the hardware story this current fiscal year to be a growth story driven largely by Exa and a growth story not just on the top line but also great margin expansion to go along with it.
Mark V. Hurd: Yes, and Heather to add to Larry's comments, as it relates to Exa itself, we had a pretty linear progression of improvement throughout the year. It might have a little more in 1 quarter than the other on that pure linear view. But Q4 was really, I think, nothing more than the culmination of a consistently growing pipeline through the year. And even with what we delivered in Q4, we also, in Q4, saw our pipeline increase yet again. So I think it really has been all of the things you described. It's customer familiarity. It's us getting out showing the technology works. We have so many customers that have now not only tried the product, tested the product and now bought the product, implemented the product. It just all plays together. And I think to Larry's point, we expect a very strong year in Exa in fiscal 2013.
Safra A. Catz: Let me just say one other thing, Heather, that I don't know if we mentioned it on this call so far, is that we do expect hardware numbers to be up for the year. So year-over-year, we do expect them to be positive.
Operator: And our next question comes from Philip Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just have a question on the applications business. You saw a really strong license growth there this quarter, definitely a pretty substantial snapback over the past couple. Just curious here what is driving that re-acceleration, that applications growth rate. And then also, Larry or Mark, I wonder if you can provide any specifics around any sort of Cloud wins or Fusion wins or kind of early feedback on those 2, that'd be great.
Mark V. Hurd: On the app side, I'd just make this comment. It was broad-based. There is no single region. There is no single deal. And by the way, it was cross-pillar, if I can use that word. It was strength in CRM, strength in ERP, strength in HCM. So it was broad-based, and I really can't give you a region. And by the way, that includes Europe. So it was fairly broad-based, across pillar and across region. In terms of fast wins, I'll turn it over to Larry. He mentioned a couple, and he can touch a little bit about some of our progress in the cloud and wins there.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yes, well, when we announced the Oracle Cloud a short while ago, we put up a lot of wins against salesforce.com, a lot of wins against Workday. So right now, we're the only major application supplier that has a large business in SaaS and a large business in on-premise. So we're really completing in both sides of the business. And I think that bodes very well for our future. So depending on -- the customers are somewhat self-selecting. They come in wanting a SaaS solution for HCM, we have something to sell them. They come in wanting a SaaS solution for sales force automation or service automation or for that matter, financials, accounting. We have something to sell them. We also, obviously, can deliver that same solution on-premise. It just gives us, I think, a terrific competitive advantage, both the breadth of what we sell in applications, as well as the fact that we offer on-premise solutions and in-the-cloud solutions. And let me throw out -- the last piece is we -- maybe the most outstanding of all of the application areas. And again, I could -- look, second to Mark said, it was very broad-based. But perhaps the most outstanding was our industry-specific applications, which had a phenomenal fourth quarter. And that's, again, an area where Oracle differentiates itself against most of its competitors. We have Internet banking and loan origination and financial services. We have health care systems. We have retail merchandising systems. We have a lot of industry-specific applications that none of our big-name application competitors have. Big advantage in breadth and depth.
Mark V. Hurd: I think, adding to Larry's point, just to brag on our SaaS stuff yet again. Between the HCM release early in the year, as I mentioned in Q4, we integrated Taleo with the HCM team. The wins that Larry described earlier, Société Générale, UBS, just to name a couple, are material wins. Our win rate now is gone up to the point that we're winning most of the deals that we get down into a mano-a-mano square-off with our competitor. And we did a lot of work in Q4 to get that done. To Larry's point, you saw a ramp-up in CRM, in sales automation in the quarter, as well as we integrated RightNow into North America as well. So did a lot of work in Q4. And as Larry mentioned a week ago, as we did our Cloud launch, the number of wins was significant in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My question is about the increase in sales capacity. Mark, I think you mentioned 3,300 people. Where do you think you are in ramping that capacity? And where are you directing it as you head into next year? And maybe for Safra, how have you been able to do that and keep sales and marketing roughly flat year-on-year?
Mark V. Hurd: All right. I'll start and turn it over to Safra. They are going exactly where you would expect them to go. They are going into SaaS, very focused in HCM, very focused in service automation and sales automation. We also have growth on our industry business units, as Larry referenced. They're growing quite well, and they do a great job strategically for us. When they grow, a material amount of Oracle revenue flows with the industry applications as they go. So we're growing headcount in that area. We've grown headcount in our engineered systems. I mentioned the pipeline. You'll see the results in Q4. We have a focus in both Middleware selling where we believe we have a strong competitive lead over competition, namely IBM. In addition to that, we feel very good about the alignment of our BI offerings and the release of Exalytics. So all of those areas are focused areas where we're increasing our sales force and adding to it. Most of that work, again, was done in FY '12. We are working to increase the productivity as we assimilate those people into the organization this year. We will still have adds in fiscal year '13, but most of the hard work was done as part of FY '12. With that, I'll turn it over to Safra for comments on expenses.
Safra A. Catz: Well, what's really been done by Mark and his team is really reshape the sales force so that we have a lot more firepower: less staff, less helpers, more folks with quotas and delivering back to us. So as all those folks have -- are going into a full capacity, we're very excited about this next year. But we've really reshaped the sales force during FY '12, and we're able to keep expenses where they needed to be by really changing our ratios.
Operator: The next we'll hear from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm curious to get your thoughts on overall macro environment. Not that -- Safra's already pointed out that you guys aren't economists. But what's the tone of customer conversations like? And I guess a follow-up for Safra. How conservative are the close-heard assumptions to generate the forecast? And I have a follow-up.
Mark V. Hurd: I'll let Safra deal with any questions about the macro economy.
Safra A. Catz: Well, Kash, I'm sorry to disappoint you. We have not become economists this quarter, and we don't have any idea what's going to happen. So you've been in this with us a couple times, and so you know that as a general matter, we look at what's going on. I try to stay conservative. Who knows? Depending on what's happening. It was a very tumultuous end of May, as some of you remember. We closed our quarter and -- yes, I was actually in the Europe for part of it, as the news was full of a global catastrophe. So we keep that on our mind. Our European team, EMEA team did absolutely magnificently. And as in all our regions worldwide, in the face of this, I'd like to stay conservative but it may not turn out being conservative depending on the euro, depending on whatever. And of course, we always do feel some level of uncertainty as folks run to the dollar. And of course, I've got to keep that in mind also ultimately, and you guys need to keep that in mind in your models. The tone from our customers, a lot of customers understand the value that we bring to them. We are important and very strong partners for them to reach their own goal. And as a general matter, as you can see the results that our customers vote with their pocketbook. And we expect them to do the same this next year.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And if I could, the engineering system, Larry, your point this has been on a tear [ph]. Can you give some feel for if the business is going to double again, who you are going to be winning market share against relative to the cast of characters: IBM, HP, Teradata? These are some high-end systems companies that come to mind. Just curious if you can give us some color of who you hope to get share from.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, I think this coming year, most of the share will be from the high-end guys. So we'll be encroaching on the suppliers of high-end servers, and the leader of the supplier of high-end servers is IBM, and then there are specialized players like Teradata. But it's going to be in the high end. Long term, Kash, I think it's more interesting. Long term, the Exadata, Exalogic, Exalytics machines, because they are built out of commodity parts deliver -- again, not only allow us to encroach and become the #1 player at the high-end and peak performance. I think it will -- we have a good chance of becoming the #1 player in cost performance, and that allows us to take share from the commodity guys. And we're very excited about that prospect for our long-term growth of the Exa line. However, for next year, I think the primary competitor is IBM pSeries.
Operator: And our final question will come from Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Safra, I just wanted to follow up on Kash's question and see if you saw any changes at all in pricing or renewal rates at all during the quarter.
Safra A. Catz: No, everything stayed really, really strong. It was really kind of 2 stories, meaning what we were seeing on the news and what we were seeing in our business. So everything remained really strong. We had a lot of big renewals, a lot of -- everything just went business as usual. And it was a great quarter end, I mean, obviously. And everybody remained really, really strong all the way all around the world.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn it back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found on the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call, and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: And that does conclude today's call. Thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-03-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond -  Safra A. Catz - President, Chief Financial Officer and Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director Mark V. Hurd - President and Director
Analysts: Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation Quarterly Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Amber. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President and CFO, Safra Catz; and President, Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect those forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. And we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Safra.
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Ken. Well, as you can see, we had a very solid quarter, as new software license revenue was up 7%, $2.4 billion, and that's really on top of the enormous 29% increase last year. As I said last quarter, all we really needed to do was focus on our execution and that we did. We exceeded our forecast for new license guidance, we met our forecast for total revenue and we beat the high end of our EPS guidance. Technology new license revenues were $1.7 billion, up 10% in constant currency, 9% in U.S. dollars. Applications were $658 million, up 3% in constant currency and U.S. dollars. As you recall, we saw 34% growth in apps last year and 21% the year before that. So we're very pleased as we're just starting to see the early benefits of Fusion apps, and we've just closed on RightNow and we’ll close on Taleo in April.  Our license revenue for applications is now 66% higher than it was just 3 years ago as compared to SAP, which is about 32% higher. Geographically, results were very good, as we saw double-digit license growth in the Americas and Asia Pacific, with new license growth of 11% in constant currency and U.S. dollars for the Americas and 11% in JPAC in constant currency, 13% in U.S. dollars. EMEA, not surprisingly given the environment, was essentially flat. But don't forget that a year ago, EMEA reported 19% new license revenue and 47% growth in applications. Once again, the quarter wasn't dependent on any large deals.  Software license update and product support revenues were $4.1 billion, up 8%. Supported cash rates and software renewal rates continue at the usual very high levels. Hardware systems revenue was $869 million for the quarter, due to the continued reduction in some of our defocused product lines. Hardware gross margins were 51% for the quarter. Total revenue for the quarter was $9.1 billion, up 4% in constant currency, 3% in U.S. dollars. We're extremely pleased with our non-GAAP operating income of $4.2 billion, up 8% as we expanded Q3 margins to match a prior record level of 46.4%, and this now includes a hardware business. With operating margins essentially now back at pre-sung levels, I'm sure you want to know where margins go from here. And while I'm not providing specific guidance, we continue to see ample leverage in our business model.  The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 22.5%, and the GAAP tax rate was 20.7%, both of which were below my guidance as a result primarily of an increase in income in subsidiaries and countries with lower rates than the United States. EPS for the quarter grew 15% to $0.62 on a non-GAAP basis. Operating cash flow increased to a record $13.5 billion over the last 4 quarters, while free cash flow grew 36% to a record $13 billion. We have nearly $30 billion in cash and marketable securities, this is after paying for our acquisitions and our $1.7 billion buyback executed in the quarter, where we bought back 59.1 million shares. And again, the board declared a dividend of $0.06 per share.  Now to guidance. Now this guidance builds on a great fourth quarter last year, which had new license up 19%, non-GAAP EPS up 25% and GAAP EPS up 34%. Regardless, the fundamentals of the business remain strong, with pipelines growing significantly. With currency bouncing around, I'm going to give you constant currency guidance but as a convenience for you, I am going to give you where U.S. dollar rates are in the past few days and that actually currently is a negative 3% on licensed growth and total revenue and I have to remind you the rates remain extremely volatile.  So here goes with the guidance. New software license revenue growth is expected to range from 1% up to 11% up in constant currency. Subtracting the 3 points, you get to negative 2% to 8% in U.S. dollars currently. Now the Hardware business has not turned out to be very seasonal, in fact. So I'm going to give my guidance really sequentially. And what we're seeing for next quarter is hardware revenues a little more -- basically, the low end of my range would be somewhere about where it is this past quarter, Q3, to potentially as much as $100 million to $110 million above where we closed this past quarter. That would be somewhere between I guess $870 million, let's say, to as high as $980 million.  So total revenue growth on a non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 1% to 5% in constant currency, subtracting the 3 points, it would be negative 2% to 2% in U.S. dollars. On a GAAP basis, we expect total revenue growth from 1% -- sorry about that. Non-GAAP EPS is expected -- oh, excuse me. On a GAAP basis, we expect total revenue growth basically in the same range as non-GAAP. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.78 and $0.83 in constant currency. That would be up from $0.75 last year or $0.76 to $0.81 in reported dollars. GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.65 to $0.70 in constant currency. That would be up from $0.62 last year, and $0.62 to $0.67 in U.S. dollars. This guidance assumes a GAAP tax rate of 25% and a non-GAAP rate of 24.5%. That would be up from a little over 23%, I think, last year.  With that, I will turn it over to Larry for comments.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay, thanks, Safra. In this current quarter, in Q4, after a long period of testing with hundreds of early adopter customers, Oracle cloud platform and applications will be generally available to all customers in Q4. The Oracle cloud includes database and Java platform services, as well as Fusion CRM, HCM and financial cloud applications, all for a simply monthly rental fee.  We named our cloud the Oracle Secure Cloud because we believe that we've addressed our customers' most serious concern about cloud computing, namely security. The computers that are connected to Oracle Secure Cloud run on multiple -- run in multiple Oracle data centers, and optionally, on computers connected to the Oracle Secure Cloud but installed in the customer's data center behind that customer's secure firewalls. This is especially important to large customers who want the simplicity and convenience of cloud computing but are unwilling to accept the security risks inherent in multi-tenant public Internet clouds.  Salesforce.com does not offer this kind of security in their cloud. This is a key advantage for us going forward. But by far our biggest application competitor is SAP, not salesforce.com. And SAP does not even offer CRM, HCM and financial applications in the cloud to their large customers. And applications sold to big businesses are the bulk of SAP's revenue. So if you're a large customer that wants to run financial applications in the cloud, SAP does not have a product for you, but we do. Six years ago, we made the decision to write Fusion CRM, HCM and financial applications for the cloud. It will take years for SAP to catch up. In the meantime, the growing popularity of cloud computing gives us a great opportunity to replace SAP as the #1 applications company in the world. On to you, Mark.
Mark V. Hurd: I just have a couple of quick comments before I turn it back to Ken. I notice from [ph] Exadata recorded for us triple-digit growth. Seven of 8 quarters now with growth over 100% and the one we didn't was 95. Great Exadata wins at Sony and GT and Samsung. Exalogic bookings quadrupled from last year. Our newest product Exalytics has the fastest ramp of any engineered system that we've released. It went GA late in the quarter. It may very well be the strongest value proposition that Oracle has released yet, and we are not seeing competition anywhere.  Going into Q4, we have a record pipeline for engineered systems and we expect that we will materially surpass all past booking records, and that our bookings for the year will be roughly in line with our original forecast. We talked a little bit about the cloud and Safra mentioned right now closing the quarter. She also mentioned we expect to close Taleo in April. Once closed, our existing SaaS business will exit the year at nearly a $1 billion run rate. By the way, it's a similar number to our planned exit for the year for engineered systems hardware.  Software support was up sequentially and up annually as attach to renewal rates remain very strong. Hardware support attach rates continue to improve from pre-acquisition levels and we expect to see these go higher over time. Lastly, we added another 1,000 sales and presale people this quarter, and we did this while bringing operating margins back to record levels. Simply put, we are shifting our headcount mix to people who work on developing or selling great technology. We have great products and with the additional sales resources, we're going to drive more organic growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Ken.
Ken Bond: Thanks, Mark. Amber, we'll start the Q&A session, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So the bounce-back in your Q3 results, it definitely makes it look like Q2 was, if you will, just a bad game and perhaps not necessarily a sign of other issues. But there's definitely still some investor question though about things like HANA replacing the transactional database, how does Oracle capture share of big data growth, the shift to cloud. So my question specifically what do you think changed from Q2 to Q3 and do you think any of these perceived threats are actually hurting your business and how do you assess the potential opportunity to grow Oracle revenue?
Safra A. Catz: I'll just talk on the first part of your question. It's clear by these numbers that Q2 was actually an aberration. In fact, as you see sequential growth between Q2 and Q3 is the highest it's been in years, and which would be a sign that something was off frankly in Q2. Because Q2 and Q3 are usually very, very similar growth, similar quarters that sequentially I think new license was up by 16%. So it really does show that what we told you last quarter and that the quarter itself was truly an aberration. We feel very good about really all our product lines and maybe Mark and Larry, you'd like to just comment specifically on competitive situations and otherwise.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay, let me start. Two things, you mentioned HANA and you mentioned the cloud and I’m going to just talk about SAP in general. SAP has yet -- again, 6 years ago, we made the decision to rewrite our ERP and CRM suite for the cloud. We made that decision 6 years ago. We called it Fusion. SAP called it Confusion. We think it was the right decision 6 years ago and as cloud computing has grown in popularity, grown in popularity, grown in popularity, we think about thank God that we're sitting here with a complete ERP, CRM, HCM suite of applications, rewritten from scratch, ground-up rewritten from scratch for the cloud and SAP has yet to start. SAP hasn't even started. So if you want to buy financials for the cloud, you can buy it -- and if you're a large company, you can't buy it from SAP, you can buy it from Oracle. We think that's a very big deal. But if you're looking for a complete suite in the cloud, you can get that from Oracle. You can't get that from SAP. That's our core business. Their core business is not the database business, HANA. So let's go into HANA. So SAP decided not to focus on applications but instead, they said, "Hey, let's go compete with Oracle in the database business and let's build this HANA in-memory system." Now the last time SAP decided to compete with us in technology, core technology, they had this thing called NetWeaver and I'm reading all the same questions about NetWeaver that I'm now getting about HANA. My God, SAP is going in the Middleware business, they're a great company, great technology. This NetWeaver thing sounds fantastic. And at the time, Oracle was not a leader in Middleware. The leader in Middleware at the time was IBM. Well, what’s happened? Since the NetWeaver assault on Oracle, Oracle has moved into the #1 position passing IBM. We're now the #1 Middleware Company in the world. By the way, we had a great Middleware quarter. We're the #1 Middleware Company in the world and NetWeaver isn't on the chart. Vanished. Now when SAP, and specifically Hasso Plattner, said they're going to build this in-memory database system and compete with Oracle. I said, duh, get me the name of that pharmacist, they must be on drugs. And that was interpreted by Hasso as saying Larry Ellison doesn't believe in in-memory database. Quite the contrary, we've been working on in-memory databases for the last 10 years. We have the world-leading in-memory database. It’s called TimesTen, and that TimesTen product is the foundation of our Exalytics system, which is our direct competitor with the HANA appliance. The reason I wanted to get the name of his pharmacist was not because I don't believe in in-memory databases. I don't believe SAP is equipped to compete with us in a database business when we've been working on it for 10 years. This is arguably our core competency, database management. And SAP is going to beat us in data management with HANA? I'm going to turn it over to Mark to discuss all of the HANA losses we've experienced since the introduction of that SAP product.
Mark V. Hurd: I don't have anything to report. Bringing torp [ph] back for a second, I think we have -- listen, we've been looking out in the market. We hear all the rhetoric and the noise and so I don't want to make it sound like we're in denial that there's stuff out there, people talking. My only problem with it, Jason, is I just can't find them. I just can't find them. I can't find buyers. I had one report -- listen, I mean, you know this. We've got a very large field organization. So I asked them, send me all the data on real competitive deals and I'm going to stay up all night reading them. The good thing is I got to bed on time. So listen, I'm not trying to tell you -- we're very vigilant. I don't want to say we dismiss it. But right now for us, products that we've got and I meant what I said earlier. Exalytics is going into a market as we see it with very little competition. We have hundreds of Exalytics sales. We can't -- and again Exalytics is the competitor with HANA, the HANA appliance. And one of the nice things about Exalytics is you plug it in and your existing Hyperion EPM system runs faster. Your existing Oracle BI runs faster. With HANA, one of the problems is you plug in HANA and then you start to write programs, because it's not compatible with anything. Exalytics is. That's one huge advantage. But forget the huge advantage. Let's say you write a custom program for Exalytics and a custom program for HANA. Well, I believe we will run dramatically faster. We should -- I mean we've been working on this in-memory database technology for more than a decade. They just brought this thing out of the lab. How can -- we don't think it's a serious threat to us at all. One thing I would say, Jason, so we probably talked about this enough but I would say I do like is the fact that they're talking about engineered systems and the fact that it's going to play, I believe, a bigger and bigger role in core computing in IT. And IBM too. I think you see them coming out saying the same thing. I think what happens when you take a leadership position as we've had and I've talked about this before, it reminds me of when I was at Teradata years ago, we had an architecture that was different from everybody, one of the best things that happened to us was IBM coming out with an architecture very similar to ours, if you will, validating the approach that we're bringing to market. Very similar here to have these companies, these big companies now come to market say, "Yes, we have engineered systems, too." I guess, great, it validates the market for what we've already brought to market and continue to improve and enhance.
Lawrence J. Ellison: One last comment on HANA just to emphasize. HANA does not compete with the Oracle Database. I know on their roadmaps, they say that eventually HANA will compete with the Oracle Database. They'll never make it that far down the road because what HANA does right now it competes with Exalytics. It's an in-memory query accelerator is what it is and it competes with Exalytics and it cannot -- it will not successfully compete with Exalytics and it will never even begin to compete with the Oracle Database. I don't want to spend time now explaining all the recovery issues, all the security issues, how difficult it would be for us, for them, for anybody to take this in-memory technology and make it a legitimate competitor to any database, let alone the Oracle Database.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My question, I think, is for Mark. It has to do with the changes on the sales organization. If my numbers are right, you grew your sales headcount by about 17% net in the first half and also made some tweaks to the selling plans. Another 1,000 this quarter. Could you maybe give us your thoughts on the philosophy around the growth and changes in the sales organization and where you think you are in terms of ramping your capacity?
Mark V. Hurd: Well, I think we've done a lot of it. So to be very frank, we set a plan in motion to accelerate our hiring. As you've seen, we try to do it within the context of a very disciplined expense structure. See, our expenses for the quarter are roughly flat within the context of the sizing, increased sizing in our salesforce. As we said last quarter, we were up 1,700. This is additive to that. Now just to be clear, this is salespeople and the presale people that support them. So it's a combination of both. But we have some more hiring to do but I would say we've been very successful in getting done what we've done and also, we believe we've brought in quality people. We are a very attractive destination to hire to, and we have taken advantage of that. So again strategically, we're adding more salespeople but we're also adding more specialized salespeople. They’re salespeople very focused on the products that they represent, they're experts at the products they represent and we're going to take advantage of that. And now force a -- push higher productivity out of those people that we've hired. So we think we have a lot of gas in the tank to drive organic growth given the hiring we've done.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: We hear a lot of big data as an industry trend. I just wanted to get to the engineered systems marketing. You talked about Exalogic quadrupling the bookings on a year-over-year basis. I'm wondering if you could give us some color on how Exadata is doing at this point in time. It sounds like I think you sound pretty excited about Exalytics. And just wondering how we should think about the ramp for Exalytics. What kind of a pipeline do you have and what is the initial uptake looking like within your OBIEE customer base for the Exalytics product?
Mark V. Hurd: Okay, I appreciate the -- it sounded like almost a 9-part question. I'll do my best, Kash, to try to get at it and I tried to say this. I think around here, we're just really excited about Exalytics. The Exalytics product was GA-ed a couple of weeks before the end of the quarter? A couple of weeks before the end of the quarter, we got it out. Frankly, we started to sell it, frankly, just pre-GA, we had so much interest in it and we had very strong bookings in that last 10-day period. We're off and running in the U.S. We're off and running in Europe. We're ramping up now in Asia. We're aligning that to our BI salesforce as Larry described, the ability for us to take existing Oracle BI applications and they just run. So compared to this other thing that was talked about earlier where you buy it and then you start programming on it, this is a completely different value proposition than the thing that was being asked about earlier. Exalogic has ramped. It quadrupled as I described in my comments earlier. It is having tremendous success in that SOA area, as well as with our applications and the ability for it to now plug in Oracle applications, in some cases run 4x and 5x faster than you were running Oracle applications before you deployed Exalogic into that architecture. Exadata has continued to ramp and again, we saw another one of these gains where we doubled and as I talked about over the last several quarters, we've done that continually every quarter. I expect a very, very strong Exadata quarter in Q4 as well.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So Mark, Exadata doubled on a year-over-year basis?
Mark V. Hurd: Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to Philip Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. First, to Safra and Mark, the Applications business in the U.S. really bounced back very strongly this quarter and performed quite well internationally given what you mentioned being just tough comps year-over-year. What's driving that sustained growth in applications and could you just also comment on just the early feedback you're getting on Fusion apps? And then just a second one to Larry, some of your competitors are making a pretty big deal about just "pure object-oriented development," and how they believe this not only puts Oracle Fusion apps but also I think Oracle Database at a disadvantage. In fact, some have gone so far as to say that there's no need for a database anymore. So could you just give us your perspective on this, too?
Safra A. Catz: Okay, well, for us, nothing particular on applications for next quarter. We are still -- remain very bullish. We think we're going to be very good. I think you'll be very happy by the end of Q4. On the software side, of course, we have -- it's our seasonally very, very strong quarter and we had extremely high database -- applications growth last Q4. So we have a very tough compare with 22% in applications last year in Q4 in recorded growth rates. But we're very bullish about applications in Q4 for us. Very.
Mark V. Hurd: Before Larry gets into the other question, I would say in Fusion, we are ramping HCM now. HCM has been in the market. We have references, we've got our salespeople trained, deployed. We're aggressively at the HCM market. Mentioned the acquisition of RightNow, which is now fully integrated into Oracle. We have released our sales product within CRM. We're ramping that similarly to what we did HCM probably 4 to 5 months ago, and we are starting to win a material amount of the deals in HCM. I would say we're very encouraged by our progress in HCM over the last 3 or 4 months. So very good progress to report there.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay, the question is object-oriented programming and does object-oriented programming eliminate the need for a database? Well, object-oriented programming has gone on very, very long time. It was invented kind of at Xerox PARC with the alto, so it was invented in the late '70s, early 1980s. This is 30 years later and there are still databases. Fusion Applications is written in 100% Java and HTML 5. I would say that's consistent and it runs on the Oracle Database. Salesforce.com, Java and the Oracle Database; NetSuite, Java and the Oracle Database; Taleo, Java and the Oracle Database. RightNow, for their large customers, it's all the Oracle Database. The only cloud company I know, the only cloud company I know that decided to forego having a database, thinks that database technology isn't necessary anymore, the only one on the planet that I know of is Workday. And so Workday doesn't use a database. They use their own technology. Let me tell you one thing. It's very hard to write reports, ad hoc reports, queries and certain things on an underlying object database. Again, I don't want to go into all of the details but -- by the way, the Oracle Database has full support for object-oriented programming. The Oracle Database ceased being a pure relational database many, many years ago. We're an object database, we're an XML database, we support all different kinds of media. And all different types, we support video. We support freetax [ph], unstructured data, as well as structured data, objects as well as relations. We support all sorts of different data types. But the fact that Workday built its own database is I think one of the 2 fundamental mistakes that they made. The other fundamental mistake is their UI is all Flash. It's all Flash UI, Adobe Flash, which is not supported on the iPad and is not supported on the iPhone and they have begun the process to rewrite completely their UI. They said they built some special stuff for iPad, iPhone but eventually they're going to have to move away from Flash to HTML 5, I believe. Otherwise, they're going to maintain 2 separate UIs, one for iPads and iPhones and the other for Android and personal computers, which makes no sense. So that was one mistake. A much worse mistake was the fact that they are alone, of all the modern cloud companies to think that they can do without a database. I think it's a fundamental mistake and it's going to create all sorts of problems for them down the road. They're basically, this small company, is basically going to have to build all of their own database technology. I mean they need recovery. They need to create processing. They need [indiscernible]. They need all of these things. They're going to have to build out that tool set themselves rather than relying on us like salesforce does, rather than relying on us like NetSuite does, rather than relying on us like SuccessFactors does, as SAP does. They all rely on us. But Workday, they're going to rely on themselves. It's a small company, making 2 architectural mistakes right out of the box.
Operator: We'll go next to John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Mark, I have a question, a follow-up to Kash's question. We're actually -- we continue to -- I have a part 11 to Kash's 10-part question. We continue to hear of improved traction in the field for Exadata specifically and actually, we're hearing some early excitement around Exalytics and even some T4 traction. But obviously, the bleed off of the commodity hardware continues and this more than is offsetting the traction of the other products on the top line. I guess the question is when are we going to see this reverse? I realize the timing has been difficult to predict this but when does the commodity hardware business stabilize? And then I just have a quick follow-up to that when you're done.
Lawrence J. Ellison: I'm going to repeat what I said and interrupt Mark, and say that next year, our overall Hardware business will be a growth story. That Exalogic, Exadata, Exalytics will have scaled to the point where it's big enough and a rapid growth to more than offset the decline in some of the commodity lines like the x86 line. That we just don't care about. What we care about is where we enrich the hardware with our own IP, namely software, silicon. T4 is doing very well and it's doing extremely well. And we're about to refresh the rest of the SPARC line. And I think when we do that, we're going to be in much better shape. And that's going to happen around the end of this calendar year, refreshing the entire -- the remainder of the high end of the SPARC line. Also, we've stopped reselling OSI logic disks. We don't care about that. And that's in decline. Instead, we're selling our own ZFS technology. And we sold over 1,000 ZFS systems this last quarter, up I think from 200 a year ago for 5x. And now it's a small number, but it's very, very important and this competes directly with NetApp. We bought a company called Pillar and their sales are up. This is -- and we get a new Pillar -- so we intend to be competitive in storage with our own IP. We intend to be competitive in servers with our own IP. Next fiscal year, our hardware business should be a growth story. It will be. Safra will see to it that it will be.
Mark V. Hurd: I think, John, you got the story right, the way you described it. I'll just add to Larry's point. I'd add ZFS and we've got a franchise tape business that we're focused on. But we're refreshing the SPARC line. The good news is the T4 is superb. The bad news is the price performance of the T4 is so superb that it's a very attractive value proposition that actually brings lower revenue in per unit. But it's an exciting product that's really new and fresh into the SPARC base. So it's a very positive thing from that perspective. So yes, I think we've got good traction on the XO products. We'll be focused on our original forecast as I described earlier on the XO side and next year is a growth story for us.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If I could just clarify because, Larry, I think you said at the end of this calendar year or after, that's when you'll start to see growth. But you said next fiscal year. So for the year, we'll see growth, we'll actually start to see on a quarterly basis at the end of the calendar year or thereabouts, we'll start to see that turn to growth?
Lawrence J. Ellison: No, I think we hope it to get there before that. That would be the second quarter. So we hope we get there before that. But for the next fiscal year, I mean there are no guarantees but we're pretty confident, next fiscal year this is a growth story. And by the way, it's a top line growth story, which means it's a pretty spectacular bottom line growth story.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it, got it. And then if I might, just -- Mark, just to clarify, you made a statement during your prepared remarks -- this is the question. Mark, you said engineered systems bookings will be in line with original forecast. Just so there's no confusion around that, can you clarify what that means as far as original forecast for engineered systems bookings?
Mark V. Hurd: Sure. We talked about getting to the billion-dollar run rate. We will do that. Certainly be right around there. We talked aspirationally about the ability to triple the sales and I actually said that was an aspirational goal. We'll be in the ballpark. We still got a shot, we got Q4 and we're still on track to try to get that done. So again, I know we had some discussion in the last call where there were people showing up with various numbers. We have not changed our view of this from the beginning. Our view has been this is an exciting story and unfortunately around here, we've gotten used to it and I think sometimes we forget just how exciting it is to have products like this in your product line to grow like this. So we still got a shot to make that aspirational goal for the year and we're going to drive hard in Q4 to get that done.
Operator: We'll go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A question for Larry on the applications business/cloud. The Street has some concerns that you're in the transition from the old to new and as it relates to Fusion Apps, how do you think about reaching the tipping point in reference-ability? I think you have roughly 70,000 application customers. In the last update, we heard you mention a couple hundred customers are deploying. Can you just give us your view and I had a quick follow-up for Safra.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well again, the nice thing about Fusion Applications, it's not a rip-and-replace story. So you can deploy parts of the Fusion suite and in concert with the applications you own in the premise [indiscernible] the E-Business Suite. You can connect that to our salesforce automation suite or you can connect that to our HCM suite in the cloud. So it's not a matter of you having to take out everything you currently have and replace it with cloud computing. You can do this gradually. And that's what we see our customers doing, in fact. A lot of the customers that are running in Fusion Applications today in production also have a lot of our on-premise applications. So we think we can manage this transition gracefully because the technology allows for that graceful transition, the gradual introduction of cloud applications, displacing a portion of E-Business Suite and another portion of the E-Business Suite. And in 3, 4, 5 steps, you can get entirely into the cloud if that's what you want to do. I mean so there are customers who are quite happy with the on-premise stuff. But we will be offering the full complement of Fusion Applications to all of our customers in Q4 and we expect adoption broadly in our base. But this could be a multistep process, especially for these large customers.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, and real quick just for Safra, on the Q4 license guide, the Street's original reaction was it felt fairly conservative. Is that just because of tough comps or is there something else that you're seeing that's giving you some reservation?
Safra A. Catz: No, I lived through Q3 with you all -- Q2, sorry, Q2 with you all and I didn't enjoy that. So I'm looking at close rates and just liking Q3 a lot more than I liked Q2, and I'd like to like Q4. So I'm not seeing anything negative or otherwise. I am guiding to a number that I think is in that range using somewhat conservative close rates for Q4, okay? Do you understand me?
Operator: We'll go next to Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: There was a nice re-acceleration in technology licenses during the quarter, returning to 10% constant currency growth for the first time this fiscal year. Anything in particular driving that re-acceleration and how sustainable do you think it is going forward?
Mark V. Hurd: The Exadata, Exalogic, Exalytics is required not only by the hardware but there are software components as well. And one of the things we love about this business, engineered systems, is not only does it put us in the high margin hardware business, it also makes our software even more competitive than it was before. So we're seeing -- it's helping accelerate our Database business. It's getting very, very interesting to look at our BI business and how Exalytics is going to help our BI business, how Exalogic helps our Middleware business and our Application business. So there are great synergies with our engineered systems. Again, we talk about it enabling us to be very competitive in the Hardware business. That is true. It's also making us more competitive in the Software business, especially technology.
Operator: That does concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Ken Bond for any additional or closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you all for joining us on today's conference call and with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Thank you, that does conclude our conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-09-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Safra A. Catz - President, Chief Financial officer and Director Mark V. Hurd - President and Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director Ken Bond - Investor Relations
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation Quarterly Conference. Today's call is being recorded. And now at this time, I'd like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Anthony, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's First Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President and CFO, Safra Catz; and President, Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment, these statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. And we encourage you to review our most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions from the audience, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Ken. I'm going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q1. I'll then review guidance for Q2, and turn the call over to Larry and Mark for their comments. As you can see, we delivered another great quarter as we executed well throughout the quarter, including late July and August. Our Q1 results against our June guidance made clear that we continue to have a lot of company-specific momentum. Obviously, we're pleased with the results. New software license revenue was up 17% to $1.5 billion, building off exceptional growth of 25% in Q1 of last year. We continue to see broad-based geographic and product momentum as technology new license revenues were up 14% to $1.1 billion and applications grew 23% this quarter to $428 million with Europe particularly strong. Geographically, the quarter was balanced with new license growing 10% in the Americas, 20% in APAC and 25% in EMEA. The quarter was also not dependent on any large deals. Software license update and product support revenues were up 16% to $4 billion. Support attach and renewal rates continue at the usual high levels. Hardware systems revenue was $1 billion for the quarter. This quarter, hardware gross margins were 54%, significantly higher than the 48% last year as we continue to shift the product mix to more profitable products and engineered systems and as we continue to improve our supply chain efficiency. Total revenues for the quarter was $8.4 billion, up 11% from last year. We matched this top line momentum with business discipline, and we're extremely pleased with our non-GAAP operating income of $3.6 billion, 21% higher than last year as our operating margin expanded to 42% from 39% last year. We still believe there remains ample leverage in our business model, and we could be back at our pre-Sun operating margins quite quickly. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 26.5%. EPS for the quarter grew 14% to $0.48 on a non-GAAP basis. I'll tell you that, really, being able to put up these top line and bottom line results given our size, once again, demonstrates the real strength of our product line, the loyalty of our customer base and the strength of the operating model. We have the products in the market that customers want to buy. And OpenWorld, which starts next month, will only make this even more obvious. Operating cash flow increased to a record $12.8 billion over the last 4 quarters, with operating cash flow increasing this quarter to $5.4 billion, up $1.6 billion from $3.8 billion in Q1 of last year. Free cash flow grew 46% to a record $12.3 billion over the last 4 quarters. We now have nearly $32 billion in cash and marketable securities. Now as we said, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisition, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt and a dividend and we'll continue to be opportunistic. This quarter, we repurchased 27.5 million shares, and the Board of Directors declared our quarterly dividend of $0.06 per share. Now to the guidance. And as many of you remember, we had a great second quarter last year with new license up 21% on a non-GAAP basis and up 33% and GAAP EPS up 27%. So let me just say that again. New license was up 21%, non-GAAP EPS was up 33% and GAAP EPS was up 27%. So those are pretty tough comparisons, and we don't expect much help from currency because at this point, it looks like only 1% stays where it is. New software license revenue growth is expected to range from 6% to 16% in growth. Hardware product revenue growth is expected to range from flat to negative 5%. However, we do expect gross margins and profitability of our overall hardware business to improve during the quarter as we continue to move away from selling low-margin commodity servers and focus on selling engineered systems like Exadata, Exalogic and SPARC Solaris systems. Total revenue growth on a non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 4% to 8%. On a GAAP basis, we expect total revenue growth of 5% to 9%. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be somewhere between $0.56 and $0.58, up from $0.51 last year. GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.44 to $0.46. This guidance assumes a GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate of 27%. Of course, it may end up being different. With that, I turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Safra. In Q1, the transition away from selling low-margin commodity servers to selling high-margin engineering systems increased both the gross margins and the overall profitability of our hardware business. In Q2, we will accelerate that trend when we introduce 4 brand-new engineered systems products. Each of these new engineered systems optimally combine Oracle software, Oracle silicon and Oracle hardware to deliver extreme high performance, fault-tolerant high reliability and improved ease of use. The largest of these new-engineered systems is the fault tolerant SPARC Supercluster, featuring our new SPARC T4 microprocessor that runs up to 5x faster than the T3 microprocessor it replaces. Our new feature-rich Solaris 11 operating system and the ultra high-performance Exadata Flash disk storage system. The SPARC Supercluster runs the Oracle Database applications faster and less expensively than anything available from IBM. Thus, we expect that many customers in our large SPARC Solaris installed base will be upgrading to SPARC Superclusters. Mark, it's all yours.
Mark V. Hurd: Well, thanks, Larry. Just a few points on the quarter. You heard about 17% growth. That comes on top of 25% last year. It was primarily organic broad-based across tech and apps, both growing double digits. Performance across geographies was balanced. One number worth noting is apps in Europe was up over 60%, 6-0 percent. Second, Exadata Exalogic. Unit growth was nearly triple digit, broad-based across industries and geographies, and we sold systems to more than 150 unique customers, of which 100 were new Exadata or Exalogic. Third, our industry-focused solutions are increasing in relevance to customers and that shows up in our 17% growth, but our industry-focused solutions again grew faster than Oracle did in license growth. So again, good help from the industry-focused solutions. Now fourth, I want to make sure this point is clear. In addition to Exadata and Exalogic growth, our SPARC server products grew this quarter. We had growth in the core SPARC product line. Our strategy around high-intellectual property, high-attach, high-margin solutions that include Exadata, Exalogic and the SPARC server products is working. You're also beginning to see that show up in these industry market share figures that show us gaining share. Last, we are continuing to hire. We added 350 people to the sales organization in Q1. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Ken for your questions
Ken Bond: Okay. Thanks, Mark, Anthony. I think we can proceed now to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I will take our first question from Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My question, I guess, is for Mark on the hardware business. It's a 2-part question. First, where do you think you are in turning this business around? And what gives you confidence in the forward look there? And secondly and along that line, how conservative do you think the hardware guidance is for the second quarter?
Mark V. Hurd: Well, I probably, Adam, won't get into a lot of conservatism or optimism. The guidance is the guidance. I think second point, I think we're really not as focused, to be very frank, on the hardware growth rate as we are on the point that I just made of growing the right things in the product line. The things that are attributable to long-term profitability, long- term positioning with the customer, long-term positioning in the data center. And I'll try to give you an example. If you take that core server product line that we grew in the quarter, SPARC server product line, if you took an M-series product, just imagine, Adam, that we sold $100 million worth of M-series products. And these are rough numbers. My guess over 5 years, our profitability on that is roughly $100 million when you include the attach and the support and the service. Just the same, if we sold $100 million of x86 with no intellectual property, my guess our profitability would be less than 1/5 of that. And I only bring that up to give you the polarization of the impact of intellectual property, the alignment of that intellectual property to a solution, the alignment of that to support the ability for us to do things for the customer and the eventual profitability for the company. So what we're focused on are the solutions like what Larry described are coming out, Exadata, Exalogic, the core SPARC product line and that's where we're focused. And in that context, I think we are turning around the business. I think you are seeing some of the momentum. And if you see the market share charts, they tend to show you the facts that we are gaining share in that core part of the product line.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Let me add a little bit to that just so we're really clear. I don't care if our commodity x86 business goes to 0. We don't make any money selling those things. We have no interest in selling other people's IP. Commodity x86 includes Intel IP, Microsoft IP. We don't make money selling that. Sun sold that stuff, and we are phasing out that business. We have no interest in it whatsoever. We have interest in selling systems that include our IP. That's how we're going to drive the profitability of our overall hardware business, eventually. I think that's in fairly short order. Our engineered systems will be -- are growing at such a high rate that the overall hardware business top line will grow also. But what's really important is to continuously grow our margins in the hardware business and our profitability in the hardware business, so we can meet Safra's goal, which is getting back to our pre-Sun acquisition's overall profit margins. Next question?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is a question for Larry. I was just wondering if you could walk us through the big data opportunity that everyone's been talking about, and how you see Oracle participating in this trend and also how you see it impacting Oracle's core database franchise.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, Hadoop and all of the associated utilities with Hadoop, which uses the term big data for all of that, is going to be one of the feeder systems to the Oracle Database. We have announced interfaces that allow you to take your Hadoop systems and connect them to Oracle systems so you can load your Hadoop data into Oracle. So we think it's going to increase the usage of Oracle. Furthermore, I mentioned we're going to come up with 4 new-engineered systems, one of which is SPARC Supercluster, and we're also going to have a big data engineered system that we're going to introduce at Oracle OpenWorld. So we think as more and more data gets computerized, a lot of that data finds its way into an Oracle Database and it allows our database business to grow at an accelerated rate.
Operator: Our next question will come from John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question's for Safra. It's a macro question. Safra, we've spoken to you for a while now about Europe. I know you've acknowledged sort of general macro weakness in the region, the same kind of stuff we read in the paper about. You continue to put up better results than we would expect. That’s especially relative to others and especially -- actually especially this quarter. I guess can you talk a bit about what you're seeing in Europe more specifically, and what might be implied in the guidance for the region?
Safra A. Catz: Well, listen. Our bottom line is that I think we're being successful where other folks are being less successful because our products are so compelling. We had many, many orders in Europe for really sort of across the board for our product line because either engineered systems or our other products are extremely compelling value propositions, and it gives the customers an opportunity to be much more efficient. We were strong in really all the sectors that you may be reading about are struggling, both in Europe and in the United States. Our U.S. government business is still very good. Our financial services business is very good. Our European banking business remains very good. So I'll tell you, I think we have a lot of company-specific momentum across the board, and that's really all I ever speak to is our own company. Mark, why don't you add some additional detail?
Mark V. Hurd: I think Safra's point is right. I mean, I thought we had just a solid quarter in Europe. We did not see any anomaly that was unique across any other region that we had. We had some really cool business that showed up in Europe too. We had a great win at Deutsche Post with Exadata, Exalogic. We had some great Apps to Disk wins in Europe in the quarter. I gave you the applications growth number. It's 60%. I would be cautious to Safra's point that this is not maybe macro but may be more Oracle specific. We got a great team over there, and to add to it, we're hiring in Europe right now. We are adding to our sales force in Europe right now. We think there is more market to cover, and there's more opportunity to go get. I guess, I'd say it another way, maybe a bit of a plug. I'm very proud of those guys. They're doing a very good job. They are gaining share, and their Exadata quarter was, frankly, very impressive as well.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Mark, just a quick follow-up to a point you made. You said the industry-focused solutions were really strong this quarter, and apps were really strong in Europe. Even though it was a relatively easy comp, it still looked like a really good number. Is that at least partially due to industry vertical apps?
Mark V. Hurd: It's all of the above. I would not leap to that conclusion, John. I think that think of it as broad-based, again, a very good quarter in core apps as well. So if you looked at CRM, it was a very good quarter in Europe. Europe really just had a good quarter sort of all the way around. When I went through Exadata, very strong quarter. Good Exalogic quarter, good horizontal apps quarter, good vertical apps quarter. We had a couple of Apps to Disk wins I described a little while ago, so and that means end-to-end Oracle stack that we bring to the customers. So I wouldn't leap that it was any one thing. The best news I can tell you about Europe, broad-based.
Operator: We'll hear next from Phil Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just focusing back on that applications line in particular. I believe it was up 19% year-over-year in constant currency, which is pretty fantastic just given the environment, and I do believe that this is largely organic. What is really driving that, especially kind of relative to your competitors? Then also, Larry, just specifically, the Fusion Applications, just wondering if you could give us an update there, some of the feedback that you're receiving. Maybe just help kind of the Wall Street community here compare sort of the Fusion architecture with some of the more legacy ones you see out of there from your competitors.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, as you know, we've been working on Fusion Apps for almost 6 years now, and we have about 200 customers using Fusion Apps. We're going -- before the end of this calendar year, we're going to have general availability on Fusion, and we have a number of wins against not only SAP using Fusion but some of the newer competitors like Workday using Fusion where people has compared our user interface to their user interface, our SaaS offering to their SaaS offering, our cloud infrastructure to their cloud infrastructure. So we think it's very important that we're out in the market now, not only with our traditional applications, which will continue to support for years to come, but also an all new generation of Fusion Applications, something that SAP, our largest applications competitor, doesn't have. We think that, that gives us a huge advantage going forward. Mark, do you want to add to that?
Mark V. Hurd: Sure, I will. I think to Larry's point, one, we had a very good quarter across when you would think of as the traditional application base. I'm staring at a lot of numbers and none of them stand out. They're all good. They're all growth numbers. And again, it's pretty broad-based across ERP and EPM and CRM and so forth as well as the vertical applications. I think when you have to add to Larry's point is we're the only company now with a series of traditional apps but also bringing online our SaaS cloud apps. We are in the market aggressively with HCM today. We released that in Q4. We have teams dedicated to growing our cloud business. We are doing the same thing now in CRM. You will see us very aggressively in the market focused on those 2 segments as we move into Q2.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two quick questions, one for Larry and Mark, just around the database business. There's been a lot of focus on unstructured data, and maybe it's a tie-in to Heather's question around kind of the next leg of growth for the database business, how you think about that and where you're positioned around the move towards unstructured. And for Safra, just a lot of questions around financial and federal exposure. I don't know if you can give us a sense of what the exposure is. And if you don't give us specific numbers, if you could just kind of give us a ballpark because there's certainly a lot of attention on those 2 particular segments.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay. Oracle has always stored both structured and unstructured data. This is really nothing new. We are constantly adding features to our database to support the storage and searching of unstructured as well as structured data. Economy was a shock to us. We looked at the price and thought it was absurdly high. We had no interest in making the economy acquisition. We think we're much better off with a couple of smaller acquisitions and to continue to innovate in that area, so that the unstructured data and the structured data both find their way into an Oracle Database, where it's secured, it's scalable, it runs on Exadata. We think we really don't want to have 2 separate databases kind of an autonomy-like unstructured database and an Oracle-structured database. We think that data should be integrated with a single database technology. That's always been our strategy for Oracle. And it started as a relational database then we added objects, then we added text and then we've added a variety of other things like video and audio to the Oracle Database. We think that should be unified and that's how we're approaching the problem. Mark?
Mark V. Hurd: Yes, just to add to it. Again, as you can see, our database business grew in the quarter materially. I mean it was a very nice performance across our options, across additions. It was just strong. And I think the fact that you've got not only unstructured data, not only do you have big data, you're going to have several billion people now running around the planet with computers in their hands trying to get information out of databases. And geez, we think that's good news for the people that have databases like us because it’s going to be a lot of people trying to get information simultaneously, looking for performance. I think when you look over the next several years, the database is going to continue to grow. The ability to direct database performance with capabilities like Exadata and Supercluster, as Larry talked about earlier, aren't going to become as much a novelty as they are a requirement for all the people that are going to be paying and trying to get an opportunity to get at this data. So database business performed well in the quarter, and gosh, we feel well positioned for all the secular trends that are going on in the world today.
Safra A. Catz: Regarding the sectors in which we're big, luckily for us, we're sort of big in every segment. And telecommunications providers; government, both federal, state and local, et cetera; banking, I would say to be honest with you that we don't have nearly the exposure that banking -- I think there still remains an enormous opportunity in the banking sector for much more Oracle than there is now. Historically, they are a much more mainframe-focused segment, and we actually have opportunity because we run much, much faster. We're much, much cheaper to operate, and over time, I think that remains an opportunity. I don't view it at all as exposure. I think it explains, by the way, why even with the sector under pressure, we continue to grow so much because our products are just better. We're a very good fit, and we continue to do well in all these segments.
Mark V. Hurd: Yes, I'd add to it, too, that when you look at the play with the Exa line, it is every bit as much a consolidation play. So when you think of an industry like financial services, Exadata delivers performance and it also delivers economies. So the opportunity for us to go into a bank and deliver -- and the ability for the bank to dial on the continuum, how much performance do you want and how much cost do you want to reduce. So we have customers in banking where, I think to Safra's point, we have tremendous opportunity to go into those banks and have them consolidate Oracle on Oracle and either gain performance or actually save money simultaneously. That's a very attractive value proposition in this kind of economy, and it's opportunity for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wonder if you could go back to the hardware business. And if you can maybe put a little context or framing around where you think you're at in the transformation to selling engineered systems and maybe talk about it on the customer adoption, and then also just in terms of your organizational capacity, shifting more from engineered -- or to engineered systems from some of the legacy Sun hardware products.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, I mean, I'll tackle that. I think certainly next fiscal year, we would expect our overall hardware business to have top line growth, no question about it. And the transition right now is we've got -- our Exa line almost doubled in the quarter in Q1. Our overall SPARC line was up on servers. Our x86 commodity line was down, and Sun had a practice of selling x86s at very, very low margins and we reward our salespeople based on margins. So we don't make money selling low-margin commodity x86 boxes, and our salespeople don't make any money selling them. And therefore, they're not -- we're deemphasizing that business. That business is shrinking. However, our profitable businesses in servers, the Exa line and the SPARC line, are growing. And also, in storage, our ZFS system is growing. Our Pillar system is growing. The Exadata storage system is growing. So our disk storage systems are all growing, the ones with our IP. However, we also sell third-party disks without our IP at very low margins. Those are still in the system. And we expect those low-margin storage systems to also decline because, again, we pay our salespeople based on margins and there is no margin. There is very low margin on those products. We don't care about selling those products because we don't make any money. I think your question is when will we sell -- when will that be out of the system. And us pretty much only be selling servers and storage with our IP, and I think that will be next fiscal year, you'll see top line growth in the hardware business. But this fiscal year, you'll see continued improvement in gross margin and continued improvement in profitability in our overall hardware business even though the commodity business will be gradually shrinking every quarter. I don't know if that answered your question.
Operator: And our last question comes from Kash Rangan from Merrill Lynch.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One for Larry, one for Mark. Larry, I remember about a year back, we asked you about big data on this conference call. And just to follow up to that, you have 2 new systems or 4 new engineered systems that you're going to be launching. One of them caught my attention, the big data engineered system. And also, I think you mentioned Exadata Flash-based system. I'm curious if we should think about the market that you're going after is being still core RDBMS. Or are you trying to go after other alternative approaches to the core RDBMS market? And I have a follow-up question for Mark.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay. Let me be clear on RDBMS. I mean, Oracle hasn't been just an RDBMS for about 20 years. We added -- I don't know how many people on the call are my age, probably no one. But a long time ago, after relational databases came out, there was a next-generation database that were called object databases. And everyone talked about, "Well, object databases are going to replace relational databases" And what actually happened is that object database capabilities got integrated into the Oracle Database. So Oracle seized just the relational database. It became a relational and object database. And then there were these things called text databases for text search, and those were separate databases. And Oracle then incorporated text search and text capability into the Oracle Database. And then there were these things called XML databases and separate XML databases. Then Oracle integrated XML capability into it. Now people are talking a lot about unstructured data and things like autonomy. Oracle's strategy has always been to integrate additional types of data into the Oracle Database. And a lot of this unstructured data, whether it's video or audio or images, all of those, we think the transition continues. We started with relational then objects then text then XML. Now a lot of different types of unstructured data types all going into the Oracle Database. Finally, big data or the searching of large amounts of data using Hadoop. After Hadoop finishes filtering the data, the place you want to put that data is an Oracle Database, and that's what a lot of our customers are doing. And we are exploiting the trend, the big data technology and the big data trend, if you prefer, by building a Hadoop appliance that attaches to the Oracle Exadata database or any Oracle Database for that matter. But you don't have to buy our Hadoop appliance if you can use whatever servers you want running Hadoop, and we provide the interface between Hadoop and the Oracle Database. The idea is all of your data should be -- you should be able to put all of your data regardless of data type into the Oracle Database where it can be stored securely and reliably. And you could search it and get answers to your questions very quickly.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's a great historical perspective. Thanks, Larry. And, Mark, I think on the last quarter conference call or in the press release, you said that you hoped to triple the installed base of Exadata in the fiscal year. Just wondering if you still feel that you're tracking towards that goal.
Mark V. Hurd: That's what we're trying to do, and we think we've got a pipeline and a product line that puts us in position to get that done. And I think to Larry's point, we're also adding a lot more products to the lineup. When you look at what we're going to release in a couple weeks at Oracle OpenWorld, some of which you've heard about today. Tomorrow, you'll see us release an engineered system that combines more Oracle IP together to serve yet another part of the market. We just feel very good about our momentum in the broader engineered systems line and certainly specifically in the Exa line. So I guess, yes, that's what we're trying to get done.
Operator: And at this point, I'd like to turn the conference back over to today's speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found on the press release, which was issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call, and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you all for joining us in today's conference call. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey Townsend - Chief of Staff and Executive Vice President Marc Naughton - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Michael Nill - Chief Operating Officer Zane Burke - Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC Richard Close - Avondale Partners, LLC Bret Jones - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. George Hill - Citigroup Inc Atif Rahim - JP Morgan Chase & Co Sebastian Paquette - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Donald Hooker - Morgan Stanley Jamie Stockton - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Sean Wieland - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Welcome to Cerner Corporation's Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Today's date is July 28, 2011, and this call is being recorded. The company has asked me to remind you that various remarks made here today by Cerner's management about future expectations, plans, perspectives and prospectives constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Security and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements may be found under the heading Risk Factors under Item 1A in Cerner's Form 10-K together with other reports that are on file with the SEC. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Marc Naughton, Chief Financial Officer of Cerner Corporation.
Marc Naughton: Thank you, Regina. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the call. I'll lead off today with the review of the numbers. Zane Burke, Executive Vice President of our client organization, will follow me with sales highlights and marketplace trends. Mike Nill, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, will discuss operations. Mike will be followed by Jeff Townsend, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff, who will discuss strategic initiatives. Neal Patterson, our Chairman, CEO and President, will be traveling today and not be joining us on the call. Now turning to our results. All key measures in Q2 were at or above our expected levels. Bookings were very strong and exceeded the high end of our guidance range by $80 million. Our income statement performance is very good, with revenue and adjusted EPS above our guidance and consensus, and continued strong margin expansion and earnings growth. We again had excellent cash flow performance with strong levels of free cash flow reflective of good earnings quality. Moving to the details. Our total bookings revenue in Q2 was $650 million, which is the second-best result in company history, second only to Q4 of '09. Bookings exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range by about $100 million and we're up 39% from Q2 of 2010. Bookings margin in Q2 was $540 million or 83% of total bookings. I thought it'd be appropriate to provide some additional color on the strong bookings performance. With respect to the $100 million overattainment, about half of the upside is related to 2 large contracts that were included in our original bookings guidance coming in above the risk-weighted amounts we forecasted. These contracts were HealthSouth, which we announced this morning, and our seventh ITWorks client contract that Mike will discuss later. The remaining $50 million of upside came from strength across all business models that led to a record 23 contracts over $5 million in the quarter. Looking at the mix of long-term contracts, the ITWorks deal and overall strong hosting bookings led to bookings from long-term contracts being around 35% of total bookings, which is the high end of historical levels which have averaged around 29%. Note that even if you adjust long-term bookings down to historical levels, our bookings still would have exceeded the high end of our guidance range and grown approximately 30% year-over-year. In short, this was an outstanding bookings quarter, no matter how you slice it. Our bookings performance drove a 21% increase in total backlog to $5.41 billion. Contract revenue backlog of $4.74 billion is 23% higher than a year ago. The full revenue backlog totaled $679 million, up 7% year-over-year. Revenue in the quarter was $524.2 million, which is up 15% over Q2 2010. The revenue composition for Q2 was $157 million in systems sales; $138 million in support and maintenance; $217 million in services; and $12 million in reimbursed travel. Systems sales revenue reflects 15% growth from Q2 of '10 driven by strong growth in software and subscriptions. Technology resale was basically flat, the strong growth in device resale offsetting decline in traditional technology resale. Services revenue was up 18% compared to Q2 of '10, with strong growth in both managed services and professional services. Support and maintenance revenue is 8% over Q2 '10. Looking at revenues by geographic segment. Domestic revenue increased 18% year-over-year to $450 million. Global revenue of $74 million was down 1% year-over-year, but was up 5% sequentially, and we expect positive year-over-year growth for the remainder of the year, based on strong global bookings in the first half of the year and a strong pipeline. Moving to gross margin. Our gross margin for Q2 was 81.2%, which is down 160 basis points year-over-year and down 40 basis points sequentially. Gross margin continues to be impacted by strength in device resale, which carries a lower margin than our traditional hardware resale and an increase in third-party services. As we have discussed previously, we expect gross margin to remain in the low 80s, but we still expect to continue expanding operating margin, which we did again this quarter despite the lower gross margin. Looking at operating spending. Our second quarter operating expenses were $311.2 million before share-based compensation of $6.6 million. Our total operating expense was up 9% compared to Q2 of '10, with a majority of the growth driven by an increase in revenue-generating associates in our services business. Sales and client service expenses increased 11% compared to Q2 of '10, driven primarily by growth in managed services and professional services. Our investment in software development increased 2% compared to Q2 of '10, reflecting continued leverage of our R&D investments. One way we are leveraging these resources is by moving some of them to support growth initiatives, such as ITWorks. G&A expenses increased 14% year-over-year, driven by personnel and non-personnel expenses related to increased hiring and training, and expenses related to our resource systems acquisition.  Moving to operating margin. Our operating margin in Q2 was 21.8% before share-based compensation expense. This is up 160 basis points compared to Q2 of '10 and in line with our target of 100- to 200-basis point increase in 2011. Moving to earnings and EPS. Our GAAP net earnings in Q2 were $72.0 million or $0.42 per diluted share. GAAP net earnings include share-based compensation expense, which had a net impact on earnings of $4.1 million or $0.02 per share. Adjusted net earnings were $76.1 million and adjusted EPS was $0.44, which is up 26% compared to Q2 of '10. Our tax rate in Q2 was 35.2%, and we expect our tax rate to remain at approximately 35% for the rest of the year. Now I'll move to the balance sheet. We ended Q2 with $1.01 billion of total cash and investments, up from $949 million in Q1. Total cash and investments include $682 million of cash and short-term investments, and $330 million of highly rated corporate government bonds with maturities over 1 year. Our total debt is $115 million. Total accounts receivable ended the quarter at $504 million, which is up $35 million from Q1. Contracts receivable or the unbilled portion of receivables, were $158 million and represent 31% of total receivable compared to 28% in Q1. Cash collections were $509 million and third-party financings were $19 million, representing 4% of total cash collected. Our DSO in Q2 was 88 days, which is up 1 day compared to Q1, and flat compared to Q2 of 2010. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $122.1 million. Q2 capital expenditures were $30.3 million and capitalized software was $20.6 million. Free cash flow, defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and capitalized software, was $71.2 million. We expect capital expenditures in the second half of the year to be higher than the $50 million we have spent first half of the year. We still expect to continue generating strong operating and free cash flow. Moving to capitalized software. The $20.6 million of capitalized software in Q2 represents 29% of the $70.5 million of total spending on development activities. Software amortization for the quarter was $19.9 million, resulting in net capitalization of $0.7 million or 1% of our total R&D investments. For the rest of the year, we expect capitalized software to be between $20 million and $22 million per quarter, and amortization of $19 million to $20 million per quarter. Now let me go through the guidance. For Q3 revenue, we expect revenue between $520 million and $540 million, with the midpoint reflecting growth of 15% over Q3 of 2010. For the full year, we expect revenue between $2.09 billion and $2.12 billion, up from our previous range of $2.07 billion to $2.12 billion. We expect Q3 adjusted EPS before share-based compensation expense to be $0.46 to $0.48 per share, with the midpoint reflecting 24% growth. For the full year, we expect adjusted EPS between $1.80 and $1.83, with the midpoint reflecting 23% growth. This is up from our previous range of $1.78 to $1.81. Q3 guidance is based on total spending before share-based compensation expense or approximately $313 million to $318 million. Our estimate for the impact of share-based compensation expense is $0.02 to $0.03 for Q3 and $0.10 to $0.11 for the full year. Moving to bookings guidance. We expect bookings revenue in Q3 of $560 million to $600 million, with the midpoint of this range reflecting 17% growth over record bookings in Q3 2010. In closing, we are pleased with our results in Q2, with all key metrics at or above our expected ranges. Specifically, we are pleased with our record level of bookings and revenue, continued margin expansion and earnings growth, and strong levels of operating and free cash flow generation. With that, I'll turn the call over to Zane.
Zane Burke: Thanks, Marc. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll be covering our sales results and marketplace trends. I'll start with the results. We had another quarter of record bookings, with strong growth both in our client base and our new footprints. Our bookings revenue in Q2 of $650 million represents 39% growth over last year and is all-time high for the second quarter. Bookings this quarter included 23 contracts over $5 million, which is an all-time high. 9 of these contracts were over $10 million. The strength of our bookings this quarter came from a broad range of solutions and services. We had strong contributions from all business models, with particular strength in licensed software, professional services and managed services. As Mike will discuss, we signed another ITWorks contract which contributed to the strength in professional and managed services bookings. Additionally, we were selected by HealthSouth, the nation's largest provider of inpatient rehabilitative healthcare services to provide a wide range of services and solutions for 97 rehabilitation facilities across 26 states. This is another example of a highly regarded investor-owned health system selecting Cerner, based on our proven ability to deliver value. It's important to note that this purchase is unrelated to ARRA, as rehab facilities are not eligible for stimulus dollars. We believe this represents the beginning of a trend where providers are automating across transitions of care and preparing for future healthcare models. Our agile business units also continued to drive contribution across a wide range of solutions and services, with noteworthy strength in Lighthouse clinical process optimization, women's health, laboratory, emergency, oncology, the Cerner Network and Hub, revenue cycle, medical devices and community hospitals. An area of particular strength I want to highlight this quarter is our physician solutions. After a strong Q1, we had record bookings quarter in Q2 and our year-to-date physician bookings are up over 50%. These include strength in selling directly to physician practices and through our health system client base. As I discussed last quarter, the improvements we made to the physician-user interface and workflow have been recognized by the industry and our strong year-to-date performance reflects this. We continue to see a desire in the marketplace to purchase a fully integrated inpatient and outpatient solution, as providers look for tighter linkage across venues in anticipation of bundled payments and being accountable for managing health and providing high-quality outcomes. We are very well positioned to meet these needs, and it is now showing up in our results. We also differentiate from others in the industry with our ability and willingness to inter-operate with other systems. This gives clients who have already made a significant investment in non-Cerner ambulatory solutions flexibility that most other suppliers can't or won't offer. Another highlight for the quarter was strong performance by our DeviceWorks organizations, including good levels of iBus device connectivity sales and a strong quarter of reselling CareFusion and other devices. As we have discussed, our device resale business is expected to more than offset the decline in traditional hardware resale that we have been experiencing, as more clients select our hosting option. This is playing out so far this year, and I expect us to continue expanding our relationship with device manufacturers going forward. Moving to new client development. Our competitiveness was very strong in Q2, with 34% of our bookings coming from outside our core Millennium base. This success crosses all segments, ranging from small hospitals selecting our community works offering to large multi-facility IDNs buying a broad suite of solutions and services. Our proven track record and success of our installed base plays a big role in our ability to get these new footprints. As an example, we are getting the attention of many prospective clients based on the leadership of our client base in receiving initial Meaningful Use dollars. Meanwhile, some other installed bases struggle with certain requirements, such as getting data out of their systems. Our clients have already received over $100 million, which we believe leads the industry in dollars received. Given our installed base has the most live CPOE sites and is using CPOE at the deepest level in the industry, we believe our clients will continue to lead the industry in receiving Meaningful Use dollars. I believe our competitive differentiation will continue to increase as we approach Meaningful Use Stage 2 and other industry requirements. We're having several discussions with prospective clients that are trying to meet Stage 1 requirements with their legacy systems, but are looking to align with a more proven and strategic supplier to meet their Stage 2 and 3 requirements, along with positioning themselves for healthcare reform, value-based purchasing, ICD-10, HIPAA 5010, ACOs, data analytic capabilities and other industry shifts they think will challenge their existing supplier. Because these requirements play out over an extended amount of time, I think our window of opportunity to gain market share will remain open for several years. Moving to our global results. As Marc mentioned, our global revenue was flat year-over-year, but we had another strong global bookings quarter and expect good global revenue growth for the rest of the year. A Q2 highlight was our contract with Sidra Medical and Research Center, which selected Cerner to help them become the first hospital in Qatar to have a fully integrated healthcare system. This contract further demonstrates our strong market presence in the Middle East and positions us for additional business in the region. We also continue to deepen our presence in Abu Dhabi, where we brought our maternity solution live at 6 hospitals, representing our first women's health to go live in the region. Other areas of global strength from the quarter were Canada and England, where we continued our momentum after a strong Q1, and Australia where we had a solid bookings quarter along with 2 important go-lives in Victoria. We expect our strong global bookings in the first half of the year, along with the strong global pipeline, which translate to good contributions to our income statement in the second half of the year and beyond. Turning back to the U.S., I want to provide some marketplace observations. Similar to what I indicated last quarter, the marketplace is very strong and we are seeing unprecedented levels of demand. As you would expect, we continue seeing strong demand as our clients move toward their Meaningful Use roadmaps. The rising bars for Stages 2 and 3 is creating more incremental purchasing, as more of our clients begin to purchase solutions to meet the more challenging requirements, such as medication administration and structured physician documentation. While Meaningful Use is a major topic with clients, we spend just as much time, or more, talking to clients about solutions and services to prepare for other regulatory requirements and industry trends that require planning beyond Meaningful Use. These include revenue cycle capabilities to prepare for ICD-10 requirements, clinical process, quality optimization and reporting capabilities to be ready for value-based purchasing, as well as solutions and services to facilitate ACO strategies. It is important to note that there are major financial incentives for providers to adopt technology beyond what is required for Meaningful Use. Just in our client base, we estimate there is approximately $3 billion of annual revenue at risk tied to value-based purchasing, Medicare 30-day re-administration rules and quality reporting requirements, which begin in 2013. This ramps to an estimated $5 billion of revenue at risk in 2017, when the programs are fully implemented. Our ability to demonstrate capabilities to help clients navigate through Meaningful Use while preparing them to address the changing world beyond Meaningful Use, makes us an attractive choice compared to many competitors who are focused only on achieving the Meaningful Use hurdle. We are finding our that our innovative platform and data analytics capabilities are becoming an increasingly important competitive advantage, as most competitors are roll-ups of multiple systems that have not been integrated -- and those that are integrated using non-relational database, which makes getting data out of the system for data analytics very difficult. The awareness of these challenges is becoming more widespread in the industry, and we believe this will be very good for Cerner. I believe all the factors I have discussed will drive a multiyear period of strong demand that aligns very well with our core solutions and services, and not just a 12- to 18-month way that some people expect. Because of the multiple steps related to Meaningful Use and the different levels of existing adoption across the industry, all of the purchasing related to stimulus will not occur at once. Further, all the other industry dynamics such as healthcare reform, value-based purchasing, ICD-10 and HIPAA 5010 will extend the wave of demand. This extended growth period will also be augmented by increasing contributions from our new initiatives such as ITWorks and RevWorks as they begin to drive more income statement contribution. Before closing, I'd like to provide some comments on our acquisition of Resource Systems. For those of you who aren't familiar with Resource Systems, they provide the care tracker point-of-care electronic documentation system currently utilized by more than 3,000 organizations, primarily within skilled nursing and assisted living facilities. This solution is very complementary to and will be integrated with our long-term care, EMR. There are more than 15,000 long-term care facilities in the United States and it's expected to grow significantly as the population ages. Additionally, we believe that as ACOs place a focus on pre-acute and post-acute care, many of these care venues defined as post-acute today will evolve to fit a proactive model of managing health. We're already seeing strong interest for the integrated long-term care solutions that we are now uniquely positioned to offer. In summary, I'm very pleased with our strong results in Q2 and I think we are well positioned for an outstanding year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Nill: Thanks, Zane. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll start today by discussing ITWorks. As Marc and Zane mentioned, we signed our seventh ITWorks client in Q2. This client is a health system with approximately 700 beds across 3 main facilities and is our largest ITWorks client so far. This is also a displacement of a competitor that had been providing IT services to this client for 10 years. Our focus will be addressing infrastructure issues, completing the Meaningful Use roadmap, optimizing clinical processes and driving CPOE adoption. Similar to other ITWorks clients, they're on a quest for better service and greater value than they were receiving from their existing IT services company. Our existing ITWorks clients also played a significant role in this client's decision. They had excellent reference calls and site visits with 2 of our existing ITWorks clients. It's noteworthy that one of the reference clients had only been an ITWorks client for 3 months but was able to share their positive experience with transitioning to Cerner, the rapid improvement in service and the value they are receiving by aligning with us. We have quickly proven that ITWorks is not just another IT outsourcing service. ITWorks involves a strategic alignment with our clients that goes beyond traditional outsourcing. While part of the service does lead to the expected benefit of leveraging our scale to improve their basic IT operations, clients see the most significant progress at accelerating clinical adoption and innovation at the edges of healthcare. As we intended, ITWorks is following the pattern of our CernerWorks managed services business. It's a simple model. If we provide a high-quality service that provides superior value to our clients, it'll make for a compelling value proposition and client adoption will accelerate as proof points are established. We now have the proof points and the adoption is just beginning to accelerate. We believe that as we continue to get closer to the edge of the healthcare through ITWorks, that it will change Cerner, our clients, and ultimately, healthcare. And along the way, it will contribute to many years of strong predictable growth for Cerner. We also had a strong good quarter in our revenue cycle business, where we continue to drive benefits at our initial RevWorks clients, with ongoing improvements in net revenue and reduction in operating expenses. We are also rapidly increasing the number of live patient accounting sites by selling 8 new footprints, and bringing 15 hospitals and 19 clinics live in Q2. We now have a total of 62 hospitals and 302 clinics live on patient accounting. An element of RevWorks we have not discussed as much in the past that is gaining traction is our ambulatory revenue cycle offering. We have contracted with over 60 ambulatory clients for full billing office services so far this year, and we have a strong pipeline moving forward. Similar to ITWorks, we believe that we have a compelling value proposition with RevWorks that will lead to accelerated adoption as we build the proof points. In our professional services business, we had record bookings in each of the last 2 quarters. As I said last quarter, our professional services organization is the largest and most experienced healthcare IT services organization in the world. Our unmatched experience, coupled with our proven implementation tools and methodology, serve as a major competitive differentiator, particularly in the market environment where clients want predictable costs and predictable results. I'm pleased that we have been able to keep up with the hiring and training which has allowed us to stay aligned with our strong demand and quickly turn new hires into valuable revenue-generating associates. Our CernerWorks managed services business had another outstanding quarter with very strong bookings and operational performance. CernerWorks is the foundation that has led to the launch of other service offerings such as ITWorks, and we believe it will be the platform for several other offerings in the future. With almost all new clients selecting our managed services offering and our existing U.S. client base steadily migrating, we have a substantial platform to leverage as a channel to roll out additional solutions and services. A good example is Cerner's Skybox cloud services that I mentioned last quarter. We called it Skybox. It's a new suite of on-demand infrastructure and software services that are deployed, hosted and managed by Cerner. These services currently include storage, messaging, backup and virtual desktop. We intend to rapidly expand the portfolio of services over the upcoming quarters by packaging existing CernerWorks capabilities into cloud-based offerings. Our speed to market with these services are very fast, as evidenced by the fact that we have already sold 2 of these services to 2 clients for a total of $8 million of bookings this year. In closing, when you consider all of our works and professional services capabilities, the common factor is that we have invested in creating highly scalable, reliable and predictable services that create great value for our clients. And this approach has led to an unmatched suite of services offerings that differentiate us in the marketplace and drive a significant portion of Cerner's predictable revenue and earnings growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Townsend: Thanks, Mike. I frequently use this time to share some of our broader initiatives, but today I thought I'd also share some of the more specific offerings underway that are positioning Cerner and our clients as a platform for interoperability, a platform to measure and improve outcomes and a platform to engage consumers. As both Zane and Mike have shared, there is a growing momentum that continues to move the innovation bar on our ability to get beyond Meaningful Use of functions and to extract true value from the growing digitization of the medical record across communities. As I've shared from time to time, our clients are aggressively taking advantage of the potential to share information across the fragmented provider landscape. With increasing levels of interoperability expectations also comes new challenges to organize and communicate information across the geographic region. We continue to disrupt some of the more complicated challenges with interoperability through deployment of our cloud services such Search, which has grown by 104 terabytes since last quarter, a 260% increase. To frame this progress more broadly, I want to share some stats on our progress around connectivity as well. As we continue to expand our connections and those of our clients, we have seen a 20% increase year-over-year in e-prescribing transactions, with over 30,000 providers now activated. Our clinical transaction network is currently capable of linking to over 60 unique EMR suppliers, 20 of which are now actively connected. Our Cerner Network hub services now includes over 80 health systems, with 75% of those connecting to 2 or more non-Cerner EMR systems. Across our clinical exchange, HIE projects, we now have 23 HIE deployments, with 8 of those being regionally focused, actively sharing continuity of care documents between acute and ambulatory EMR systems. As our cloud-based portfolio of decision support agents expand, the progress in connecting providers regardless of their data sources becomes more and more important to position our clients for the journey towards ACOs and population health management.  Shifting towards quality in outcomes, there is an accelerating momentum towards creating alignment of clinical context and reimbursement. And there are no signs from the policy front that this direction will change course. The expectation that healthcare becomes much more data-driven has broken through the surface, and more and more quality-in-outcome measures are finding their way into the reimbursement calculation. EMS quality measures, value-based purchasing and Medicare 30-day readmissions are just the beginning of a growing expectation that will change how providers are paid. Without addressing any of the current budget discussions, the current course is that at risk medical reimbursement will move from 4% in 2013 to 7% in 2017. As Zane mentioned, this is a $5 billion revenue risk in our current client base alone. To make this more challenging, several of these programs are budget neutral, with winners and losers separated by comparison performance levels. We foresee that information management will become an increasing priority for our clients and in the market more widely. Our cloud-based data management solutions, our expertise in managing large data sets for research and our access to granular, realtime clinical information puts us in a unique position to innovate at a pace to meet the dynamic requirements ahead. We are quickly approaching an environment where reporting about what has already happened is too late, as the intervention must occur realtime, with embedded and proactive decision support. As an example of our commitment in this space, Cerner is currently in a unique position within our industry as being certified by The Joint Commission for ORYX core measures, as well as CMS-approved for submission of inpatient-outpatient hospital quality measures which will include the e-submission of Meaningful Use measures going forward. Many of these innovations are a byproduct of our own experiences as we attempt to manage the health of Cerner's population. As I shared last quarter, using Cerner Associates and family members as a Living Lab, we have bent Cerner's healthcare cost curve, while also improving the health and productivity of our associates. This has included firing our third-party administrator, launching new age on-site clinics and pharmacies, incorporating biometric measurements for our population, realigning the economic incentives for our associates in our health plan, revamping our cafeterias to focus on healthier choices and rolling out data-driven wellness management programs. These initiatives have led us to truly bend the healthcare cost curve with our per member costs now tracking well below the national average and realizing $4 million in savings in 2010 -- all while the health status of our associates has steadily improved. We are using the success we've had at Cerner to shape our employee services offerings and provide insights to create solutions for our provider clients. We will soon be intended to drive healthier outcomes for new reimbursement models such as the Accountable Care Organizations. A recent example of building on the success we have had at Cerner is our KC Slimdown Challenge, which is a Kansas City metro-wide weight loss competition that is modeled after a successful challenge at Cerner that has led to over 20,000 pounds being shed by our associates. The KC Slimdown Challenge expands this to individuals and employers in Kansas City and is aimed at improving the overall health and wellness of the community. There are already more than 80 employers participating in the challenge. As part of this challenge, all participants will be introduced to Cerner Health and receive a personal health record at no cost that will allow them to securely track and interact with all aspects of their health. We have seen the use of PHRs in our own associate base increase significantly over the past several years, where we have found different ways to engage, connecting them to their health providers and making them feel accountable and empowered to manage their health. Using Cerner Health as a platform, we believe that we can scale our own experiences to an entire community. As you know, we also have a much broader vision than just providing the PHR, and we will use Kansas City as our first regional initiative to prove the value of an engaged consumer. This begins with the weight-loss competition, which we are using to drive PHR adoption and jump-start the creation of a network of employers, consumers, doctors and other stakeholders. As we drive adoption and create these connections to stakeholders, we will be advancing many of the necessary building blocks towards our vision of creating a New Middle. By having the providers, consumers and employers connected, we will have the ability to facilitate more seamless coordination of care across all venues, provide a medical home, reduce friction in the payment process and incent proactive health engagement rather than reactive sick care. As I discussed in our investor day in March, the financial opportunity associating with providing these elements across the communities is substantial. Just in the Kansas City region alone, we believe we could reduce the cost of healthcare by billions of dollars and generate hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue for Cerner while doing this. We have a lot of work to do to get there, but I believe we are on the right path. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Bret Jones with Oppenheimer.
Bret Jones - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: The first question, I was wondering in terms of the HealthSouth deal, since you talked about that, is that structured the same way as most of your contracts where you'd recognize the software license upfront?
Marc Naughton: This is Marc, Bret. On that contract, because of the timeframe that it's going to be engaged, there's actually very little revenue recognition that came in upfront on that deal. A good portion is software, but that will spread out over a period of time.
Bret Jones - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. Would that tie to the deployment schedule they talked about on their call?
Marc Naughton: Generally, yes.
Bret Jones - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, great. And then on the services gross margin, Marc, you mentioned some third-party services and I was wondering is that for implementations?
Marc Naughton: There's some related to implementations. There are also some related to some of our RevWorks clients. So we are bringing it, using some limited third parties for certain roles. The vast majority of the work is done by Cerner Associates. We're bringing those on at a good clip and I'm not short of those, but for certain skill sets, we will supplement with third-party consultants. So not significant, but there are some that do implementation. But most of it is not implementation.
Bret Jones - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. And then just one last question for Zane. Zane, you mentioned the delay of Stage 2 and that delay provides incumbent vendors the additional time to meet the requirements, and I'm just wondering, what are you hearing in terms of the timeline for those customers on when they'll make a decision on whether they'll switch, post-Stage 1, for the replacement market?
Zane Burke: Bret, it's -- I think that the elongation is a slight net positive for us in terms of having a bigger runway there. And so we're seeing that it's not slowing purchases down, but I think it's going to give us more runway in terms of meeting the Stage 2 guidelines for them.
Bret Jones - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: So you are not hearing customers talk about the fact that their incumbent vendor now has more time to meet those? It's going to stretch that decision timeframe out for them?
Zane Burke: No. Fundamentally, people are really beginning to look beyond that and where their vendor is going to be able to take them around some of the -- beyond Meaningful Use. And I think there's a fair amount of folks that are concerned about their core supplier being able to meet the Stage 2 requirements regardless of the 1-year elongation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sebastian Paquette with Goldman Sachs.
Sebastian Paquette - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: In terms of o U.S., I mean, clearly you announced some building activity in the Middle East, for example. And Canada and the U.K. seem to be stable. But going forward, do you think o U.S. will be able to keep up kind of roughly similar proportions to total sales as it's posting right now?
Marc Naughton: Yes. This is Marc. I think from a global standpoint, you saw the top line kind of declining a little bit throughout last year, so the Q1 and Q2 were stronger, Q3 and Q4 were a little lower. I think we're seeing the opposite trend this year, where you're going to see Q1 and Q2 starting a trend back up. So we'd expect those to continue to trend up. So year-over-year, we'll have an increase in our global. Whether it will be the significant increase we've seen in the U.S., maybe not, but it still reflects the strengthening of certain targeted areas in the global markets x Continental Europe, which is still not contributing anything at this point.
Sebastian Paquette - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got you. And then just to tag onto the replacement cycle conversation, you mentioned that you're in discussions with several clients on legacy platforms. I'm just wondering if you could help put that into context with the level of conversations you've had historically. And then where is kind of the point where the rubber hits the road there? If the Stage 2 delay won't have a significant impact in your mind, where do you think will be the kind of, the main criteria for these hospitals deciding to make that switch?
Zane Burke: This is Zane. I think there's been a continual -- we've seen a demand peaking and growing, and like I say, we've seen it get even hotter, if you will. So there's more that think there's more runway to them. I think we see this a 5-year -- 5- to 7-year horizon because there's so many things coming at our clients. There's the next wave. Right after Stage 2, there's Stage 3. There's the other bundled payment elements that both Jeff and I have discussed in our comments. And I think clients are -- I think you're going to see buying behavior for the next 5 to 7 years at pretty high levels.
Marc Naughton: This is Marc. Some of what they're looking at is obviously the "got to get to Stage 2 and to Stage 3 Meaningful Use." But as Zane indicated, they're looking beyond that. So as they're going through their supplier review, of their existing supplier and potential future suppliers, it's a very broad strategic look that they're taking at things. And this additional runway the Stage 2 deferral is giving us is going to get let them go through that process. And we, as Zane said, think that is very good for us because we show very well when you get beyond "just get me to Stage 3 of Meaningful Use."
Sebastian Paquette - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got you. Yes, I just got the file from Alan [ph]. It looks like the percentage of contracts and new clients looks it did tick up a bit in the second quarter there. So maybe their placement activity is accelerating.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill with Citigroup.
George Hill - Citigroup Inc: I guess maybe, Marc or Zane, could you guys talk about what else you're seeing in the for-profit space right now? What other opportunities might be available and kind of where they are?
Zane Burke: Sure, this is Zane. Historically speaking, the investor-owned segment has not made a huge investment in the clinical information systems, with the exception of Tenet being on the early side of that. We've seen a lot of interest across the investor-owned segments. And I think you have to think about that very broadly in terms of across the transitions of care. So when you think about what we're -- an example of HealthSouth being in the rehab space. I think you'll continue to see that, where what's occurring there is they recognize there's a need to digitize their health records to begin to prepare for what health -- what true health reform is going to look like around value-based payments, around ACOs. And they realize that the access to the data is key to their business models moving forward. So we continue to see a very active marketplace in the investor-owned segment.
George Hill - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then maybe just 2 brief follow-ups as they pertain to the same market. Bookings growth has been strong. You look -- aside from the big deals that contributed in the quarter, I guess what's the key piece of functionality that we're seeing the vast majority of clients buy right now that's kind of driving growth? Last year or 2 years ago, I remember Ob/Gyn was hot. We saw EMR, eMAR be hot. I'd say, so what's kind of the hot widget now? And maybe then just some color on what you're seeing on the ability to displace ambulatory vendors in ambulatory facilities where you guys own the inpatient relationship with the affiliate or the ambulatory facility.
Zane Burke: The core measures is a big driver, so trying to get to -- so you start with that core EMR system, CPOE and then the ability to get to the core measures in those quality reporting is a key differentiator for us. And our proven ability to be able to have -- we have the most CPOE systems live and implemented. That's the core competency of what we're doing. And our ability to do the core measure reporting on top of that is very key as people look forward to Stage 2, Stage 3 and those quality measures.
George Hill - Citigroup Inc: Okay.
Marc Naughton: And George, just on the ambulatory question. We -- clearly our recent improvements and successes in that space relative to our solutions has positioned us well. We have the ability to go to our existing clients and the new clients who've made a significant ambulatory investment and offer to connect that investment into our solutions. We're highly interoperable and happy to do that. We're also seeing a subset of our clients who say, "I want to go all with one supplier," and our capabilities now in the ambulatory space allow us to compete effectively there as well. So we expect that to be a very big driver of our business as we go forward, because there is a mishmash of things out in the ambulatory space to some extent. And I think that will consolidate over time into people selecting certain suppliers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Stockton with Morgan Keegan.
Jamie Stockton - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: I guess, Zane, getting to this replacement cycle topic, I was curious. If you took the conversations that you're having with clients that are thinking about replacing their existing vendor, could you drop them into 3 buckets for us: one being facilities that are deciding to rip and replace completely; second being facilities that are looking to implement some incremental functionality from Cerner, but maybe not rip and replace everything until a few years into the future. ;And then the third being facilities that are going to wait until after Stage 1?
Zane Burke: I think the Stage 1 piece is effectively -- we're very much on the end of the Stage 1 procurement, just given the timelines that are out there. So with the exception of the community of some smaller community works models, where we can go at a faster implementation cycle -- and we still have runway there on that, on the Stage 1 elements. And we'll have runway there for several quarters. But as it relates to the -- so that piece, it kind of goes into the smaller end of the marketplace. Most are actually in a full rip and replace when they're having the conversation around the Stage 2, what they need to do, so that they'll say, "I can get to a minimum Meaningful Use around perhaps the ED or around orders in that space." Leverage that for their Stage 1 Meaningful Use and then go meet Stage 2 on a Cerner platform. And to do that, they're going to do a pretty much of a rip and replace in that model. There are some cases where we may have a footprint and we're adding to that footprint. But I would put that as the small minority of the situation. So I think if you're looking at -- I wouldn't put them in 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. It's probably -- you've got that smaller end of the segment which is very active and very good for us. And then you've got the rest of the marketplace that's attacking Stage 2 and beyond, and that is a full rip and replace mode.
Marc Naughton: Okay. And this is Marc, Jamie. It may actually be a combination of all 3 of those elements. I think there are a fair amount of clients who are waiting for Stage 1. They'll get there on their current supplier. They're going to make a decision to go with a different supplier thereafter. And while they're looking to rip and replace, it's probably going to be incrementally accomplished as they layer in solutions from that new supplier over a period of time. There'll be some big bangs where they'll replace everything at once. But I think it -- that extends this market a little bit longer to be more of a 3- to 5-year market, as people do layer in their strategy of rip and replace through some incremental steps.
Jamie Stockton - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: That's what I was trying to get at, is what portion of the business are you -- is there an opportunity for you to displace some technology years from now even though maybe the hospitals are going to be able to attest for Stage 1 or Stage 2 here in the next year, 2 or 3. And I guess the other question that I had was around the strength that you're seeing in ambulatory. I was curious -- and my guess is that it's primarily probably being driven by owned physician groups, but if there was any color that you could give on the difference in growth between owned groups for the hospitals that you're in versus just whatever you're seeing in the affiliated or independent docs, that would be great
Zane Burke: Jamie, it's Zane. It's very broad-based, so we did see a lot of activity in the owned physician space in the second quarter in terms of more significant size of those opportunities. But we actually had a broad selection across the independent physician networks as well. So we're very pleased with where we are in that side.
Jamie Stockton - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: And then a real quick, last question. Australia -- I mean, what's the incremental bookings opportunity there, would you say?
Marc Naughton: Greater than $1.
Zane Burke: That was Marc. I'll just be clear.
Marc Naughton: No, clearly, Jamie, when we're talking about global, we think there are areas that have focus on healthcare and have the funds available to go and begin some very important projects. And certainly, Far East has elements of that, that we think could be very interesting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Atif Rahim with JPMorgan.
Atif Rahim - JP Morgan Chase & Co: A question on the market uptake. So the Stage 2 recommendations that have been made, how do they compare relative to your expectations? And what's the feedback you've gotten from clients so far on that?
Zane Burke: They were pretty much in line. There were a couple of things that were kind of hidden in that new recommendation which are very positive for Cerner, particularly around meds administration and around the physician documentation. So there was a tightening of that around Stage 2, which is beneficial for us, because our percentage of clients that have purchased those solutions is still -- we still have opportunity, a fair amount of white space in that area, and that does create some good opportunity for us. And just anecdotally, what it did do was kind of reward people that were able to meet Stage 1 today and give them a longer period for Stage 2. So our clients, in general terms, are better positioned actually to achieve their Meaningful Use dollars given the high level of CPOE adoption. So for the most part, we are very pleased with how this plays out, as well as giving us more opportunity in the marketplace to do a -- on the replacement market.
Atif Rahim - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it, okay. And then a question for Marc on the bookings mix, the long dated contracts were a little higher than we've seen in the past. Does the timeline remain the same? I think it's been, call it 5 to 7 years in the past, or is that changing with the ITWorks contract?
Marc Naughton: That's still a consistent timeframe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Close with Avondale Partners.
Richard Close - Avondale Partners, LLC: A couple of questions here. One is on Lighthouse. What kinds of growth are you experiencing in Lighthouse this year as compared to last year?
Jeffrey Townsend: This is Jeff. I think Zane kind of hit on probably our largest growth area. And as everyone is implementing heads-down to hit these targets, the quality measures and moving those quality measures into the right range has become the majority of the short-term focus. And we've seen in that core measure area within a relatively short time period, over 50% of our clients now have signed up or adopted that particular measurement package. I think as the movement goes from reporting how you're doing to "you have to perform at a quality level in the upper quartile," we expect to see that grow more significantly.
Zane Burke: And just to layer onto Jeff's comments would be that even though 50% of our clients have selected us for the core measures, those measures continue to -- the bar continues to get higher, which is good for us, both from a competitive standpoint, as well as from an additional opportunity perspective. So that raised bar -- the bar continues to grow higher and will create additional opportunity in that space as well
Richard Close - Avondale Partners, LLC: I guess what I'm looking for a little bit is, I believe at your Analyst Day you talked about in 2010 it generated around $100 million -- not sure if that's bookings or revenue. Would you expect to exceed those levels for 2011?
Marc Naughton: Yes, this is Marc. I think we would -- it's kind of early. We'd probably expect to see Lighthouse be a little stronger this year than it was last year, and can see the -- continue to see improvement in that. Starting off a fairly -- there's a -- trying to recollect the exact number, but given what I think is a little bit lower bar than that, growth would be -- in this marketplace is likely. But it should be kept more incremental until we get a little further down the road when these quality and core measures are going to be very important.
Richard Close - Avondale Partners, LLC: And then just real quick, is there anything we should know about the margin profile of the Skybox offering? And how does that compare to other services you provide?
Michael Nill: This is Mike. We expect the Skybox offering -- and in fact, the ones we sold already to be in line with the very good margins we received from the rest of our business. So it is not a low margin business. It is very attractive and will improve the overall position for Cerner.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Donald Hooker with Morgan Stanley.
Donald Hooker - Morgan Stanley: I guess we have the number of comments about the replacement market that you guys made, and people are asking about that. I guess a reciprocal of that, if you look across, say, the U.S. hospital space, what percent of hospitals at this point, half-way through 2011, do think you'd scratch off the list of customer prospects? And what percent of hospitals have a vendor in place and are pretty much happy with what they have, do you think?
Zane Burke: It's interesting. I think there is more than half of the hospitals in America, I would say, today are at least pausing to make sure they are riding the right horse, and are they making the right selection, because the train is moving very quickly. And the things that are coming at our clients over the next 7 years, there's something each and every year that's a higher hurdle. And so what we're looking at is between -- and we see certain suppliers who are not capable of meeting that long-term hurdle, current course and speed. And I think -- and our clients see that as well, and the prospects as well. It's well more than half, in my mind, of the marketplace will go through a full reselection process. And I would anticipate that would happen over that 5- to 7-year period.
Marc Naughton: And then, this is Marc. I would be a little more aggressive and indicate that there are people who probably might be very happy with their suppliers today who, when all of these requirements come to light -- interoperability, sharing of data, reporting, are going to find out that maybe the one they selected isn't the best answer. So I think there are people who might be happy today that are going to be in the same place as half the market is today, looking to see if they do have the right person. So I think Zane's comment for the near term is accurate, but I think going longer term, people are going to be taking a very close look. And the requirements only get harder.
Donald Hooker - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and I think you are also -- sort of seem to be communicating that this revenue opportunity, even within an existing hospital, is more than just a year or 18 months. So when you think about Stage 1, 2 and 3, it's just now that again, you have a little bit more perspective on Stage 2, and certainly on Stage 1. How much of the revenue is really Stage 1 versus Stage 2 and 3? And does the margin kind of go down over time through the stages, in your mind, as you get towards the end of the process?
Marc Naughton: The elements, as Zane talked about, in Stage 2 in the med administration, physician documentation are both very substantial solutions to purchase. So I don't know that -- certainly going to Stage 2, there's still a significant amount of opportunity and revenue we would see from clients who are purchasing the solutions to make Stage 2. So it is not a significant dropoff from Stage 1 to Stage 2, depending on the client and what their current status is.
Donald Hooker - Morgan Stanley: Okay, got you. One last one, and I can't help it. The -- you mentioned some progress with that patient counting -- patient accounting system. Are those all basically sales to existing EHR hospital customers, or are those new customers?
Zane Burke: This is Zane. It's a blend of new clients. So many clients in their selection of their Meaningful Use and other -- and as they think beyond Meaningful Use, they think about what they need from a revenue cycle solution. And so they're selecting us on the new business aside, as well as our existing clients as they prepare for the future world, they're beginning to look at their revenue cycle solution as well, and make selections back into the base. But very much so on the new business side in particular.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Wieland with Piper Jaffray
Sean Wieland - Piper Jaffray Companies: A question on your consulting business, which you said was strong. Would like to know what your respective is on the industry's overall capacity to do the implementations that are out there and what your customers' ability is to find the necessary talent. And then a follow-up there is, has there been any movement on your bill rates in consulting?
Zane Burke: Sure, this is Zane. And Mike wants to comment on the backside. From a marketplace point of view, obviously, there is a heavy competition for talent out there and there is a huge demand. We have the largest consulting workforce in the industry and we've -- our hiring and training practices, and frankly, the strong network that we have of having a deep installed solution set has been very beneficial as we've grown our workforce and actually more than kept up with demand. So we're feeling good about our staffing. The flip side of that is our clients' abilities to staff those same roles. And they're struggling with that capability to do that, which is why you're beginning to see the ITWorks play out more and more, as well as other outsourcing types of arrangements where we can play the client-side roles. So again, it creates more opportunity for us as an organization, in our scale and our ability to actually hire, train and assimilate. And the network that we have is second to none in the industry. And so that's been very beneficial.
Michael Nill: Yes, this is Mike. Another point I'd like to add. This is a case where our size, we really use to our advantage. We do a considerable amount of the consulting work through our centers-based organizations, so we get greater leverage off the talent pool. So I believe we can get more productive use out of a smaller number of people and it's really only possible because of our size and scale. And in terms of the billing rates, we really see no -- Zane, you want to comment?
Zane Burke: Yes, just so -- well, probably just a slight incremental tick up here in the second quarter so -- which is good for our margin expansion as well.
Marc Naughton: Yes, and this is Marc. The billing rates have stayed relatively constant -- slight uptick. The utilization is going up because of, as Mike says, the utilization of the centers and other techniques and therefore driving more margin per associate than we have in the past.
Sean Wieland - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay, that's very helpful. And one other question, can you tell us what percentage of bookings is coming from reselling third-party products like Pyxis, Celeron [ph] that kind of thing?
Marc Naughton: It's a very small piece of the bookings, because from the device resale amount, it's probably less than -- right around 5% maybe, some place in that vicinity. So it's very immaterial to us today. Obviously, our goal is to make it more material over time.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of David Larsen with Leerink Swann.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC: I may have missed this, but how much of the bookings was tied to ITWorks and also RevWorks this quarter?
Marc Naughton: We indicated that part of the overattainment -- so over $100 million of overattainment during the quarter, about $50 million of that came from some overattainment on one ITWorks deal that we had. And then obviously the other large deal in the quarter would've been from HealthSouth. So relative to contributing to bookings, neither of those -- they're both well under $100 million, so they're not giant deals, but those were the 2 good-sized deals. But only -- from a RevWorks, ITWorks, you only have the one component that contributed to bookings this quarter.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC: And then when you say $50 million from ITWorks, does that include like -- let's say you're hired for an ITWorks engagement and you decide that you need to install a lot of Cerner modules and Cerner systems at that hospital client. Are those system sales included in that $50 million number?
Marc Naughton: The ITWorks contract is for services, for us to take over. They are non-Cerner infrastructure. Any sale of additional solutions, any support on those additional software solutions, any other activities that are beyond the scope of just running those non-Cerner applications would be additional revenue. So a booking for an ITWorks deal will be the amount of revenue over that longer period of time, as we discussed, that will come in just related to the services. That's part of the strategy, is that in itself might not be a high margin business, but the ability to sell additional software back and convert them to Cerner applications of course not only gets you incremental Cerner Solutions software dollars, but also starts the support stream running from Cerner. So those are the kind of add-on sales, in addition to being able to effectively help them manage their implementation and coexist it with Cerner Solutions. So a lot of strategic reasons for doing that, but those contracts, when we talk about them are just for the services.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC: That's great. So for a 700-bed hospital, 3-hospital system, this could lead to more sales down the line for systems sales. Great.
Marc Naughton: Okay. At this point, I would like to thank everyone for being on the call. I know you're very busy. We thank you for your attention. We're very pleased with the quarter we had, and we'll talk to you a little bit later. Thank you very much,
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your participation. This does conclude our presentation today, and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey Townsend - Chief of Staff and Executive Vice President Marc Naughton - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Michael Nill - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Zane Burke - Executive Vice President - Client Organization Neal Patterson - Co-Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Michael Cherny - Deutsche Bank AG George Hill - Citigroup Inc Atif Rahim - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jeremy Lopez - William Blair & Company Steven Halper - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. K. Newton Juhng - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Donald Hooker - Morgan Stanley Jamie Stockton - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Stephen Shankman - UBS Investment Bank Sean Wieland - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Cerner Corporation's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Today's date is April 28, 2011, and this call is being recorded. The company has asked me to remind you that various remarks made here today by Cerner's management about future expectations, plans, perspectives and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Security and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements may be found under the heading Risk Factors under Item 1A in Cerner's Form 10-K together with other reports that are on file with the SEC. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Marc Naughton, Chief Financial Officer of Cerner Corporation. Please proceed.
Marc Naughton: Thank you, Melanie. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the call. I will lead off today with a review of the numbers. Zane Burke, Executive Vice President of our client organization will follow me with sales highlights and marketplace trends. Mike Nill, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer will discuss operations. Mike will be followed by Jeff Townsend, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff who will discuss strategic initiatives. Neal Patterson, our Chairman, CEO and President will join us for the Q&A portion of the call to provide closing comments. As we announced last week, Mike Valentine will be leaving sooner effective May 13. We would like to thank Mike for his many contributions to Cerner and wish him well in the future. We are pleased to have Zane Burke and Mike Nill with us on the call today. Zane and Mike are both seasoned leaders who have contributed significantly to Cerner's success, and we look forward to having them share their insights on the call. Now I will turn to our results. All key measures in Q1 were at or above our expected levels. Bookings were very strong and exceeded the high end of our guidance range by nearly $60 million. Our income statement performance was very good with revenue and adjusted EPS above our guidance and consensus and continued strong margin expansion and earnings growth. We again had excellent cash flow performance, with record levels of free cash flow both reflective of strong earnings quality. Moving to the details. Our total bookings revenue in Q1 was $525 million, which is the best result for first quarter in the company history. Bookings significantly exceeded the top end of our guidance range and were up 30% from Q1 of '10. Bookings margin in Q1 was $443 million or 84% of total bookings. The total backlog increased 19% year-over-year to $5.3 billion. Contract revenue backlog of $4.46 billion is 21% higher than a year ago. Support revenue backlog totals $666 million, up 6% year-over-year. Revenue in the quarter was $491.7 million, which is up 14% over Q1 of '10. The revenue composition for Q1 was $140 million in system sales, $132 million in support and maintenance, $209 million in services and $10 million in reimbursed travel. System sales revenue reflects 20% growth from Q1 of 2010 with double-digit growth in all areas including software, hardware, device resale, sublicensed software and subscriptions. Our device resale business continues to gain significant traction, and had its best quarter in terms of revenue since we launched that business. Services revenues was up 16% compared to Q1 of '10, with strong growth in both managed services and professional services. Support maintenance revenue increased 4% over Q1 of '10. We expect growth in support to increase as we move through the year. Looking at revenue by geographic segment, domestic revenue increased 18% year-over-year to $420 million. Global revenue to $71 million was down 7% against a tough Q1 comparable. It was up 4% sequentially, and we expect stronger growth for the remainder of the year based on strong Q1 global bookings and a strong pipeline. Moving to gross margin. Our gross margin for Q1 was 81.6%, which is down 260 basis points year-over-year and up 60 basis point sequentially. Gross margin continues to be impacted by strength in device resale and increased in third-party services. As we indicated last quarter, we expect gross margin to remain in the low 80s, but we expect to continue expanding operating margins, which we did again this quarter despite lower gross margins. Looking at operating spending. Our first quarter operating expenses were $299.9 million for share-based compensation expense of $7.4 million. Total operating expense was up 6% compared to Q1 of '10.  Sales and client service expenses increased 7% compared to Q1 of '10, driven primarily by growth in managed services and professional services. Our investment in software development increased 6% compared to the year ago quarter, and G&A expense increased 3% year-over-year. Moving to operating margins. Our operating margin in Q1 was 20.6% before share-based compensation expense. This is up 180 basis points compared to Q1 of '10, which is at the high end of our 100 to 200 basis point target.  Moving to earnings and EPS, our GAAP net earnings in Q1 were 600 -- or $64.6 million or $0.75 per diluted share. GAAP net earnings includes share-based compensation expense, which had a net impact on earnings of $4.6 million or $0.05 per share. Adjusted net earnings were $69.1 million and adjusted EPS was $0.80, which is up 27% compared to Q1 of '10. Our tax rate in Q1 was 32.9%, which benefited from lower foreign taxes in the quarter. For the full year, we expect our tax rate to be 34.5%. Note that applying this annual tax rate to normalized Q1 tax expense would have reduced earnings per share by $0.02. Now I'll move to our balance sheet. We ended Q1 with $949 million of total cash and investments, which is up from $835 million in Q4. Total cash and investments includes $611 million of cash and short-term investments and $338 million of highly rated corporate and government bonds with maturities over one year. Our total debt is $101 million.  Total accounts receivable ended the quarter at $469 million, which is down $8 million from Q4 due to strong cash collections. Contracts receivable, or the unbilled portion of receivables, were $133 million and represent 28% of total receivables compared to 29% in Q4. Cash collections were $531 million, which is an all-time record. Third-party financings were $16 million, representing 3% of total cash collected. Our DSO in Q1 was 87 days, which is flat compared to Q4 and down from 89 days in Q1 of '10. Operating cash flow for the quarter was an all-time high of $126.5 million. Q1 capital expenditures were $21.4 million, and capitalized software was $20.5 million. Free cash flow, defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and capitalized software, was an all-time record of $84.7 million. We do expect capital expenditures to increase as we move through the year, but we still expect to continue generating strong operating and free cash flow. Moving to capitalized software. The $20.5 million of capitalized software in Q1 represents 28% of the $72.6 million of total spending on development activities. Software amortization for the quarter was $19.1 million, resulting in net capitalization of $1.4 million or 1% of our total R&D investment. For the rest of the year, we expect capitalized software to be between $20 million and $22 million per quarter and amortization of $19 million to $20 million. Now let me go to the guidance. For Q2 revenue, we expect revenue between $505 million and $520 million, with the midpoint reflecting growth of 12% over Q2 of '10. For the full year, we expect revenue between $2.07 billion and $2.12 billion, up from our previous range of $2.05 billion and $2.1 billion.  We expect Q2 adjusted EPS before share-based compensation expense to be $0.83 to $0.87 per share, with the midpoint reflecting 23% growth. For the full year, we expect adjusted EPS between $3.55 and $3.62, with the midpoint reflecting 21% growth. This is up from our previous range of $3.50 to $3.60. Q2 guidance is based on total spending before share-based compensation expense of approximately $303 million to $308 million. Our estimate for the impact of share-based compensation expense is $0.05 to $0.06 for Q2 and $0.21 to $0.23 for the full year. Moving to bookings guidance. We expect bookings revenue in Q2 of $540 million to $570 million, with the midpoint of this range reflecting 19% growth.  In closing, we are pleased with our results in Q2, with all key metrics at or above our expected ranges. Specifically, we are pleased with our strong levels of bookings and revenue, continued margin expansion and earnings growth and record levels of operating and free cash flow generation. With that, I'll turn the call over to Zane.
Zane Burke: Thanks, Marc. Good afternoon, everyone. As a brief introduction for those of you I haven't had the opportunity to meet. I have been at Cerner since 1996, starting out as an executive in our finance organization where I worked for Marc as our corporate controller and business development leader. Since 2002, I have held several roles in our client organization, most recently being focused on driving new footprints as leader of our Client Development Organization and owning Cerner's relationship with investor-owned hospitals. Additionally, I have had responsibility for employer network service offerings.  With that, I'll move to the discussion of our sales results and marketplace trends. I'll start first with the results. We had a very strong quarter, included excellent progress at expanding our relationships with existing clients, while also demonstrating our competitiveness by gaining several new clients. Our bookings revenue in Q1 of $525 million reflects 30% growth over last year as all-time high for our first quarter. Bookings this quarter included 16 contracts over $5 million, 11 of which were over $10 million. This is also a record for first quarter.  Our competitiveness was strong, with 26% of bookings turning from outside of our core Millennium installed base. Overall, the market is very active and I believe Cerner is extremely well positioned with our broad and deep solution portfolio, our readiness to meet Meaningful Use and proven service capabilities. This is in contrast with many of our competitors that still have solution gaps, constrained service capabilities and other types of uncertainty surrounding them. As a result, I expect Cerner to have a record year of gaining new footprints in 2011. The breadth of our solutions and services are also reflected in our bookings this quarter. We had good contributions from all business models, with particular strength in license software and professional services. Additionally, our agile business units continue to drive contribution across the wide range of solutions and services, with noteworthy strength in our Lighthouse clinical optimization, laboratory, oncology, physician practice, Healthe Network and Hub, revenue cycle, medical devices and community hospitals. In the physician practice space, we had very strong results in Q1. The improvements we have made to the physician-user interface and workflow have begun to be and recognized by the industry. And I believe our Q1 results reflect building momentum for physician solutions. Our competitiveness has dramatically improved. And we now have wins in each quarter against all competitors in the physician office market. While much of our success in the physician practice solution is driven by selling through our large installed base, it is important to note that many of our new hospitals footprints included the selection of ambulatory solution in their core solutions. This is evidence of our ability to offer a fully integrated EMR [electronic medical record] that is very competitive across inpatient and outpatient venues is a highly valued capability. In addition to our strong integrated inpatient-outpatient offering, we differentiate from others in the industry with our ability and willingness to inter-operate with other systems. By providing an option that doesn't require changing out all systems when the client doesn't want to lose the value of the investments they have made, we are an attractive option compared to other suppliers that force the reinvestment because of their inability or unwillingness to connect to other systems.  Moving to other highlights for the quarter: Our DeviceWorks organization had another strong quarter including 2 new RxStation agreements; good contributions from our CareFusion relationship, putting us on a path to have over $40 million of revenue contribution this year; strong device resale with contributions from the resale of pumps, beds, monitors and communication devices; as well as good iBus device connectivity, including 7 new footprints. The progress we have made in the device space with our clients and partners is being well recognized by the industry. Today's announcement that WellSpan, Cerner and Hospira were honored with the 2011 Way-Paver Award for Excellence in Barcode-Enabled Patient Safety is a good example. A final highlight for the quarter is that we signed our third RevWorks client and have a strong pipeline for the balance of the year. With ICD-10 looming and the likely new payment structures associated with Accountable Care Organizations, we expect a wave of revenue cycle activity in the coming years, and believe we are well positioned. Let's move to the geographic mix of our results. As Marc mentioned, our global revenue was down year-over-year, but we did have a strong global bookings quarter, particularly in Canada where we signed a large managed services contract and in England where we added 2 NHS Trusts. We expect a strong start of the year from a bookings standpoint, along with strong a global pipeline to translate to stronger contributions in our income statement by our global businesses as the year progresses. At the macro level, the fundamental problem of healthcare costs growing faster than overall economy exists in almost all countries. And IT continues to be viewed as the way to break this trend. We believe Cerner is the best positioned global HIT [healthcare information technology] company, and we remain bullish about the potential of the global HIT market.  Turning back to the U.S., I want to provide some marketplace observations. Overall, we are seeing an unprecedented level of activity both inside our client base and in new footprint opportunities. In our client base, we continue to see strong demand as our clients move forward with their Meaningful Use roadmaps. We have already had 12 hospitals in our client base receive Medicaid incentive dollars for Stage 1 Meaningful Use and several others in the process of filing for Medicare incentives. As this activity ramps up, we expect to lead the industry in clients achieving Meaningful Use. Importantly, we are seeing strong demand for solutions and services beyond Meaningful Use, as our clients prepare for other regulatory requirements and industry shifts. This includes clients looking for the revenue cycle capabilities to prepare for ICD-10 requirements, reviewing their clinical processes, quality levels and reporting capabilities to be ready for value-based purchasing and evaluating various ACO [Accountable Care Organization] strategies, which will require additional IT investments to support capabilities such as evidence-based practices, predictive modeling, remote monitoring across all transitions of care. All of these factors are also a major focus for our prospective clients. As a result, our readiness for Meaningful Use is just a way why I believe we will continue to do very well in new footprint opportunities. Our ability to demonstrate capabilities that enable prospective clients to navigate through Meaningful Use while preparing them to address the changing world beyond Meaningful Use makes us a very attractive choice compared to many competitors who are focused only on achieving the Meaningful Use hurdle. A final comment I would like to make on the marketplace is that I believe all the factors I have discussed will drive a multi-year period of strong demand that aligns very well to our core solutions and services. This is not just a 12 to 18 month wave that some people expect. Because of the multiple steps related to Meaningful Use and the different levels of existing adoption across the industry, all of the purchasing related to stimulus will not occur at once.  Further, all the other industry dynamics, such as health reform, value-based purchasing, ICD-10 and HIPAA 5010 will extend the wave of demand. I believe our capabilities are further even differentiated when you look beyond Stage 1 Meaningful Use and at the IT needs that will be driven by reform and value-based purchasing. As a result, I expect our ability to gain share to extend through this multi-year period.  In summary, I'm very pleased with our strong results in Q1, and I think we're well positioned for an outstanding year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Nill: Thanks, Zane. Good afternoon, everyone. For those of you I haven't met at one of our analysts' days or meetings at our headquarters, I've been with Cerner since 1996. For the last several years have had responsibility for IP development CernerWorks, ITWorks and support organizations. In my new role as COO, I have added responsibilities for elements of the client organization activities, including sales and professional services. Today, I'm going to focus my comments on professional services, CernerWorks and ITWorks. I'll start with our professional services business, which had a great start to the year with a record level of bookings for our first quarter. The organization continues to contribute nicely to our income statement, representing a visible element of both revenue and earnings growth. Our execution on projects has been strong, and we remain ahead of schedule on most projects.  We also remain on track with our hiring, which has allowed us to ensure our projects are fully staffed on the planned start dates. We now have over 2,500 associates in our professional services organization, which is the largest IT consulting organization in healthcare IT organization in the world. We are also the most experienced with an average of more than 5 years of experience across our organization even when you include the recent increase in new hires, which often come directly from college campuses. Our size, scale, experience and ability to deliver predictable outcomes at a predictable cost are major differentiators in the marketplace. Another element of our differentiating services capabilities is CernerWorks managed services, which provides unmatched scale and service levels. As an example, we support approximately 130,000 peak users to our data centers in Q1 and had an uptime approaching four nines or 99.9% system availability. In addition to our unrivaled scale and service levels, we continue to bring down the cost of ownership, which makes the offering even more attractive to our clients. As a result, almost all new clients select our managed services offering and our existing U.S. client base is steadily migrating. More recently, the demand for these capabilities is picking up outside the U.S. as well. A good example is the large Canadian client that engaged us to provide our managed service offering in Q1. There are several additional global managed services opportunities in our pipeline, so we expect global to become a meaningful contributor to this business in future quarters. We also continue to leverage our infrastructure and skills sets to add to our portfolio of managed services via the cloud delivery model. A recent example of this is Skybox storage, which is a secure enterprise cloud storage service that allows clients to expand storage capacity in a way that is seamlessly integrated with their existing data solutions. It allows for consolidation of storage for PACS [Picture Archiving and Communications System], radiology, lab and other clinical systems. Our ability to offer this on-demand service in a secure and easily accessible manner is generating a lot of interest among our existing clients and is something that can also be offered outside of our existing client base. We also have other Skybox cloud services for areas such as security, backup and desktop, which we offer high-quality service with low upfront and ongoing cost compared to traditional models.  Moving on to Cerner ITWorks, while we did not sign an ITWorks client in Q1, we did have a scope expansion at an existing client, and we have a very strong pipeline of new clients. The demand is largely being driven by increased awareness of the success that we've had at our first 6 clients. Many other clients are attracted to ITWorks because they realize they don't have enough internal capabilities to navigate beyond Stage 1 of Meaningful Use or address upcoming challenges related to health reform, value-based purchasing and ICD-10.  With our existing ITWorks clients, we have quickly proven that this is not just another IT outsourcing service. ITWorks offers a strategic alignment with our clients that goes beyond traditional outsourcing. While part of the service does lead to the expected benefits of leveraging our scale to improve their basic IT operations, we have seen the most significant progress at accelerating clinical adoption and innovation at the edges of healthcare. A great example of this is our first ITWorks client, University of Missouri, who went from Stage 2 on HIMSS EMR Adoption Model to Stage 6 in just one year. University of Missouri has also been a major contributor to our medical home, condition management and population health initiatives.  Other ITWorks clients have proven to be cutting edge by being early adopters of new offerings such as Smart Rooms, Chart Search, Physician iPad apps and RevWorks. Another noteworthy observation is that similar to CernerWorks, we are starting to see demand outside the U.S. for ITWorks offering. This new demand for services clearly enhances our growth opportunity in the coming years and aligns Cerner with the larger portion of the healthcare spending, not just in the U.S. but around the world. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Townsend: Thanks, Mike. Similar to past calls, I'm going to talk about some of our new initiatives in Cerner's evolution from a focus on helping clients automate the care process to focus on both health and care, as well as the role of our Healthe Intent platform in accelerating the impact of a digitized care delivery system.  As Zane and Mike have discussed, Cerner is very well positioned for strong growth in coming years. Most of this growth will be tied to digitizing the core of healthcare. We believe this digitization sets the stage for another significant wave of growth. Much of this will come from our focus on the health part of healthcare, because when the core is digitized, a new level of consumer health awareness is possible. While the majority of the dialogue today is around cost, we see the entire landscape as more of an iceberg, witas the cost of care being above the surface. The much larger population and future costs associated with the health and well being of that population lurking below the surface. As we demonstrated during our investor day, the majority of the highlighted solutions were running in the cloud as part of our Healthe Intent platform. This allows us both to advance innovations more quickly based on the nature of that platform, but also introduces a new layer of capabilities above the individual enterprise, addressing the range of offerings from coordination of care, quality monitoring and consumer engagement. As many of you know, Cerner spent the last 5 years trying to crack the code on making good health pay. We've made changes to our health plan, hired a third-party administrator, launched the new age on-site clinic and pharmacy, incorporated biometric measurements for our population, realigned the economic incentive for associates in our health plan and rolled out a data-driven wellness management program.  We have also revamped our on-campus cafeterias to include healthier meals and encouraged fresh thinking about work environments, incorporating options such as standing workstations. As this past fall, our executive cabinet engaged our associates in the weight-loss competition that has today, resulted in about 10 tons of weight loss across our associate base. These changes allowed us to do what all employers want to do: bend the healthcare cost curves significantly. But more importantly, improve the health status of our associates and their families. In addition, these health initiatives have shaped our employer services offerings and provided insights to create solutions for our provider clients, who will soon be incented to drive healthier outcomes through new reimbursement models, such as Accountable Care Organizations.  I wanted to share some foundational statistics on a set of our early initiatives around this platform as we introduce both search and sepsis last fall and have also discussed our progress on the Cerner Network from time-to-time. A core concept to fuel our cloud initiatives is data liquidity from the enterprised sources within healthcare. Recently, the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology announced that Project Direct had reached a major milestone. This was a collaborative nationwide effort, with over 200 participants across more than 50 organizations to define and create a simple interop solution for healthcare, and making that available as open source. As part of that effort, Cerner became the primary source code contributor to Direct Project's Java Reference Implementation. It shows both our commitment to interoperability across the industry and our fundamental understanding of the potential ahead for our health economy, if data liquidity becomes a reality more quickly. The ability to contextually share information is a growing reality, driven by the meaningful use criteria, healthcare reform, increasing quality metrics and new coordination in care delivery models. Through our Cerner Network offerings, we have now achieved interoperability with over 46 different EMR platforms across 40 health systems, 166 hospitals, more than 65,000 physicians. Just last month, we surpassed the $70 million transaction mark for the month. These are transactions that are specifically targeted to share information across providers, payers and patients. This represents more than a 50% growth in the last 6 months. And more importantly, we've seen a 5x growth in clinical volumes over the last 12 months. We expect the clinical volumes will exceed financial by the end of this year and is driven by both the increase of EMR deployments and the early realization of what's possible when both ends of the communication are digitized. Most important, these are providing real efficiency and workflow savings within the care delivery process and will continue to yield new business model opportunities. After completing our pilot validation, with the Healthe Intent Chart Search, late last year, we are now approaching 15% of our clients actively engaged in deployment and/or use of this solution. While Meaningful Use has the day-to-day attention of our clients, because this is a cloud service, we have been able to activate this offering without disruption to the Meaningful Use journeys. And on average is taking about 4 to 6 weeks to implement and backload history. It only represents a fraction of the eventual volumes, but today, we have more than 40 terabytes of data, growing at a rate of 230 gigabytes a day, processing and indexing between 250 and 350 million records daily. The learning and advancement of the algorithms continue to grow as our volume and diversity of information grows with them. As a byproduct to these efforts, we have also seen an increase in complementary solution demand, which also leverages the data liquidity wave. Both Health Sentry, a public health submission solution, and Health Facts, a multi-year blended research and benchmarking repository, have seen progress from these efforts. Today, Health Facts contains more than 29 million unique individuals and as a sampling of clinical breadth, more than 1.7 billion lab results. We are on course to double the contribution volume to this platform by the end of the year. As we have previously mentioned, the St. John Sepsis agent, which targets the 750,000 Americans who are affected by sepsis each year is refined and improved using this very large contextually structured clinical repository, creating a closed loop for not only discovery, but continuous and contextual improvement in clinical decision support.  Last, I want to mention a recent announcement from earlier in the week. Cerner was selected by the Missouri Health Connection to enter in negotiations to be the technical service provider for the State of Missouri's Health Information Exchange. This too is a part of our Healthe Intent cloud-based services platform. The potential reach of this joint effort will cover over 750 provider organizations, 20,000 physicians and nearly 6 million Missourians, positioning Missouri to become one of the first clipboard-free states in the union.  As we demonstrated to during analyst day in March, there is a greater potential for the new middle to change the current state of healthcare and create a more significant opportunity around health than care. I wanted to take the time to step back and help frame some of the emerging building blocks that are fueling the information and content that will make this possible. With that I'll turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Daniels with William Blair & Company
Jeremy Lopez - William Blair & Company: This is Jeremy for Ryan. I just wanted to key in on the commentary around the wins you've had with both that have included both inpatient and outpatient. And I'm curious, what is the average increase in deal size when you are selected for both relative to the same client if they just went with an inpatient system?
Marc Naughton: This is Marc. It's hard to generalize exactly what the difference is when you do both inpatient and outpatient. Clearly, it grows the size of the deal. But for the most part, it's the extension of the inpatient EMR licenses to the outpatient clinic. So while the overall dollars are not significant, we're adding the ambulatory. There is -- they certainly increase the number of user, which is the metric by which we get paid. So it's not going to be 50-50 but it could add 25% to a deal depending on how the deal is structured. And certainly, strategically, winning the ambulatory side is key for us.
Jeremy Lopez - William Blair & Company: And how many would you say have either -- have you implemented, and I'm just looking for order of magnitude, not maybe real precise number, but in terms of those that you have already that are either reference-able or in the process of implementing or have ordered at this point?
Marc Naughton: Relative to the ambulatory?
Jeremy Lopez - William Blair & Company: Yes, that are both -- the inpatient and outpatient. What is the footprint look like at this point that either are using that already or are intending to use both together?
Zane Burke: This is Zane, Ryan. I would say we're in excess of 50 clients that are in that realm of having both inpatient and outpatient in our large systems.
Jeremy Lopez - William Blair & Company: Okay. Great. And then the last question is a little bit more strategic in nature, but you quickly are amassing quite the war chest of cash. And I'm curious what your strategy is for capital deployment as that cash balance continues to grow. Thank you.
Marc Naughton: Yes, this is Marc. As we continue to approach $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet, our strategy right now is to look for opportunities in the marketplace, where we could expand our footprint through some type of an acquisition. And we'll continue looking at that strategy. That strategy has a time limit on it because we think it will only be effective, probably at sometime around the next 12, maybe 24 months. At that point, if nothing has come to fruition, we will look to return the cash to our shareholders in the most effective way possible
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Newton Juhng with FBR.
K. Newton Juhng - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I had a question about the small hospital market. I was just curious how much of an advantage do you have when a nearby large hospital system is running something with Cerner. Do you find that the smaller 75-bed or less type hospitals tend to be more receptive to the solutions you have as a result of just being kind of geographically placed in an area where there may be a particular system that's kind of the big fish in the sea?
Zane Burke: This is Zane, Newton. What I would tell you is in many cases it's very helpful to have that local, larger organization that has some sort of affinity that's related to that other organization. And often times those clients are advocates of ours. And we've proven our value, and we're able to use that as a broad reference site. So yes, it does have an advantage for us.
K. Newton Juhng - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then in terms of your, I guess, the broader addressable market there. Is there any way to kind of quantify what has that versus what doesn't, in terms of demarcating the market for the ones that have that opportunity?
Marc Naughton: Is your question, Newton, how many communities do we have major footprint in that we can have leverage relative to new opportunities?
K. Newton Juhng - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes, where you feel like you have that decided advantage, I guess?
Marc Naughton: That would be most of the U.S. and many of the countries we are in because we are obviously a large market shareholder and we're broad. So it is very easy for us and having rolled out the Millennium for a period of time. We have a lot of effective satisfied users that we can look very similar to the person looking to make a buying decision. So we are not lacking at all for reference-able sites that are geographically near to potential new clients.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Donald Hooker with Morgan Stanley
Donald Hooker - Morgan Stanley: So the free cash flow looked pretty strong in the quarter and what are you thinking for the year? Any kind of guidance around that?
Marc Naughton: Well, I think it does mark. Clearly, Q1 was very strong we have probably a little less CapEx than we would have normally planned. As you know, we've talked about CapEx for the year being in the $130 million to $50 million range starting off at the low end relative to that range, we would expect to probably end up somewhere in the low end. We think CapEx will probably go up a little bit in the last half of the year relative to our planned investments in our hosting business and our managed services businesses. But overall, for the year, we will be probably at or below the $130 million that we previously used as our base. So I think if you just used the growth in net income with $130 million CapEx, I think you'd be pretty close to where we should end up for free cash flow for the year.
Donald Hooker - Morgan Stanley: Got you. And in the international, the global segment you reported, I guess, revenues down year-over-year. When you look over the next like 4 to 8 quarters, I mean, can you give us any kind of suggestion what markets would you suggest we focus on as potentially turnaround, Middle East, Southeast Asia, Europe or where do you kind of sense that there might be a bounce back?
Marc Naughton: Well, I think -- this is Marc, that broadly for the globe, we're seeing activity. Certainly, Europe is still coming from behind. But in the U.K., we saw some very good footprint signings, 2 footprints. This quarter we see more in the pipeline there. So that's expanding and we think the Middle East and the Far East both have potential to bounce back as well this year. I think this year, the revenue being down year-over-year is a little bit the reflection of the strong year ago quarter globally relative to this quarter. And I think as we indicated, we would expect our global revenues to grow as compared to the prior year's as we go through this year. We think there's a very good chance to have a strong global year in a variety of areas, which are really at this point too broad to go into all of them.
Donald Hooker - Morgan Stanley: And if I can sneak one last quick one in. I think in the last quarter you talked about a 30% year-over-year growth in your PowerWorks ambulatory offering, is that kind of a continuing trend into the first quarter of '11?
Zane Burke: This is Zane. I would say it's very similar. If not, a little bit increased to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hill with Citigroup.
George Hill - Citigroup Inc: Marc, quick question with respect to bookings. Two questions actually. Number one is bookings duration, are we starting to see -- are we continuing to see the bookings duration kind of go from the 4- to 5-year range to maybe a period of slightly longer than 5 years?
Marc Naughton: No. I can provide a little color there, George. If you really look at our bookings and kind of look at the managed services which are the longer term 5- to 7-year type of bookings that we have seen, we've really had those in our bookings at this point so long that it's really no longer a differentiation when you go look at the comparable prior periods. So for this quarter, we had approximately 25% to 30% range was coming from the 7-year type bookings. And that's probably actually a little bit lower than we've seen in the last, probably, 4 to 8 quarters. So I think bookings still is a very good measure of our future short term, and as well as longer-term opportunities, but this quarter there was no -- the over attainment on our bookings guidance was really broad. It was across the spectrum in every area, from services to software and managed services was right in its normal percent range of a bigger number. So it also contributed somewhat but it wasn't any unique longer-term type of duration.
George Hill - Citigroup Inc: That's great color. Thanks, and maybe just one quick follow up there. If a smaller company in the space actually indicated that they have started to see deals slip from the current period probably to the back end of the year or maybe even next year as hospitals thought about driving forward to hit Meaningful Use either with best-of-breed solutions or earlier or just pushing off until 2012 to give them a longer lead time to hit Stage 2 with respect to Meaningful Use. Even though the bookings performance was great do you feel like you guys might have seen any slippage?
Zane Burke: This is Zane, George, and I would tell you what we continue to see a lot of opportunity here, and did not see that slippage.
George Hill - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then Zane I actually had one last one for you. The new UI that you guys are talking about putting out into the field that customers are satisfied with. Is that the iView product that I keep reading about people rolling out?
Zane Burke: No. In this particular case, this will be more of our MPage view, which you may have heard us talk about.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with Deutsche Bank
Michael Cherny - Deutsche Bank AG: I just wanted to dig into the bookings number a little bit. Obviously, it has been the focus of the quarter. You guys put up stellar bookings, well above your expectations. Can you give us a little more breakdown, especially given the amount of clients -- it looks like you signed about 375 new contracts if I'm reading this file correctly. Kind of where the upside bookings strength came from, maybe some of the clients you necessarily didn't expect to win during the quarter that you did. Is there any more color just around the outsized performance of bookings would be great.
Marc Naughton: I think, this is Marc, it's really reflective of a very active market in an active and deep pipeline that we've been building. People, and I think, Zane made the point pretty effectively that people, especially as they're looking are at putting solutions and are already getting past, what do I need for Stage 1, because I think a lot of people have kind of their path to Stage 1 figured whether it's their existing supplier or they're doing something new. But I think that Stage 2 and beyond and all the other initiatives are really driving people to get decisions made. So from our standpoint, there wasn't any, as I indicated, it was broad across all of our businesses relative to the bookings success. There wasn't any one area that drove that success. All of it was, everything was above planned and doing well and as we've looked at our pipeline and finish our forecasting work for the upcoming quarter, we see that strength certainly continuing.
Michael Cherny - Deutsche Bank AG: Great and then just quickly on the U.K. commentary on the new 2 NHS Trusts, were these trusts you have previously been affiliated with anyway or were these competitive wins? Kind of going forward, I know you talked about improved international markets, but how you think about the U.K. in particular, given it has obviously been a little bit of a noisy situation?
Marc Naughton: We've had relationships with a lot of U.K. trusts. These were 2 of them that we've dealt with to some extent in the past as the buying becomes more focused at the trust level and they start going out making their decisions, we expect all the work we've down over the last 2 and 3 years by our U.K. team, which has done a great job of bringing people into our London office, envisioning them as to what can be accomplished. Now that they start having the ability of go make their own choices that is we expect that to actually kind of be the beginning of a period of time when we start seeing individual trusts come into our bookings with some frequency. So the 2 we signed this quarter, yes, we had a relationship with them. But we actually kind -- already, because of the program have a lot of relationships in geographies with almost every major trust in them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Atif Rahim with JPMorgan
Atif Rahim - JP Morgan Chase & Co: If Marc, if I could just ask that previous question in a different way, were those 2 trusts in the South and Southeast slash London region or were they in one of the other regions in the U.K.?
Marc Naughton: They were in London.
Atif Rahim - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Got it. And plans to expand outside of that, when do you think you could start signing up trust outside of those 2 regions?
Marc Naughton: At this point, we're working our pipeline, and we'll kind of be able to announce things as they happen, but we really can't talk about that to a great extent on the call today.
Atif Rahim - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it. Okay. And then on the DeviceWorks business, the gross margin effect is having, can you just talk about how the gross margin are specifically just on that business and how the DeviceWorks business flow through bookings in terms of the magnitude and how fast you recognized the revenue?
Marc Naughton: Yes. DeviceWorks basically is very similar to our tech resale business. The selling the actual or reselling the actual equipment, or in this case, for example, meds dispensing cabinet resulted in us recognizing revenue and recognizing cost of goods sold. The net margins on those we talked to prior -- are in the single-digit range. So that is going to impact our gross margins. The key for us though is usually those sales will come with it, bringing with it an iBus transaction which is basically 100% or is software, so it brings with it a significant component of that, relative to a bookings, it will depend some -- each item is a little bit different relative to the resale. But for the most part, on the resale of cabinets, that is going to be recognized in revenue when the install happens. So there will be a booking that comes into our bookings and then within a 12-month period the install or revenue recognition or cost recognition will occur down the road. The norm for tech resale, as you know, is it ships in the quarter, revenues in the quarter and usually happens in very short term. You'll see some of these devices that are based on install showing up in our backlog and then rolling out on our backlog, but it will be in the 6 to 9 months timeframe.
Atif Rahim - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it and what's the size of the iBus software deal in this case?
Marc Naughton: I don't have that detail in front of me, but normally, you'd probably see it to be 10% of the total revenue of the deal.
Atif Rahim - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it. And then one last question and I'll jump off on the RevWorks side any update, any new contracts signed this quarter?
Zane Burke: Atif, this is Zane. We did in the call, in my comments, mentioned that there was one new RevWorks client this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Stockton with Morgan Keegan
Jamie Stockton - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Thanks guys for taking my questions. I guess real quick on that RevWorks deal, and Mike or Zane, whoever wants to take this, was that a hospital that we using your patient accounting system?
Zane Burke: Yes, it was
Jamie Stockton - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Do you feel like roughly that's a prerequisite for a hospital to look at RevWorks as a platform?
Marc Naughton: I don't think it's a prerequisite for our business model. In fact, it's actually -- I would view RevWorks an opportunity for us to utilize some of our software solutions in that space and use bring in our patient accounting in that space as well. So it's not exclusive.
Michael Nill: Yes. We wouldn't expect to just sell only to existing patient accounting clients. We will sell it as part of the revenue of the RevWorks service offering, but that could get us into new places that don't really have our patient accounting.
Jamie Stockton - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. Zane, you mentioned the number of facilities that have received their Medicaid EHR check. I know that those aren't the majority of the stimulus dollars of hospitals are getting, but do you think that for hospitals that maybe don't have their act together, at this point, as far as the stimulus is concerned that, that has gotten their attention? Have you seen any change in sentiment for some of the hospitals are a little further behind as a result of this Medicaid checks?
Zane Burke: Great question, Jamie. I think we're beginning to see that. So there are about 11 states that have confirmed plans for the Medicaid space. And we're helping to educate the marketplace in that space. I would say there's not as much understanding of what's going on, but it's actually helping to drive some decisions as well.
Jamie Stockton - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: And last question, Marc, on the bookings guidance. Is there anything lumpy in there that we should the expecting when you guys report next quarter?
Marc Naughton: No. I think that guidance reflects our view of the forecast and contribution across the board. If there was something lumpy, I'd expect that to be upside.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sean Wieland with Piper Jaffray.
Sean Wieland - Piper Jaffray Companies: Can you tell us what percentage of your customers have purchased everything that they need to hit Stage 1 of Meaningful Use?
Zane Burke: I've got it, but we can't tell you that.
Marc Naughton: Sean, that's actually pretty hard because a lot of -- there are many of them that are going to hit Stage 1 that may not have bought everything from us they plan to buy. And if they're going to, if they're going to get there once with none Cerner apps in certain places. Zane, do you have some...
Zane Burke: What I would say we're doing analysis with each one of our clients on Meaningful Use and helping them determine what they need to hit Stage 1 and Stage 2 as we believe it to exist today. And so I can't give you the exact percentage, I can tell you we're in the midst of that. We're in the middle of that process. The Medicaid element of this has accelerated some of that need to do that now. So we probably will be able to look at that on a going forward mode to give some additional insight. But we're going through that process right now with each one of our clients.
Sean Wieland - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. So if you can't ballpark it for us today, maybe we can get that from you the next quarter? A ballpark?
Marc Naughton: Yes, I think the majority of our clients are looking at Q4 '11 as being their target for doing Stage 1, getting into the next fiscal year with the federal government. And that the vast majority of our clients are comfortable they're going to get to that Stage 1 level if they've been a client for any period of time. And the new ones, we're working to get them there as well.
Sean Wieland - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. And second question are you guys following what's going on the Supreme Court reviewing the Vermont prescription data case? And in your view of that decision, I know that there's no decision that's been made, but are there any far-reaching implications for your strategy in how you -- in your business?
Marc Naughton: Sean, this is Marc. I would admit that I have not been keeping up with that case, since there has been no decision, we wouldn't really have any comments until that time. But so I can't really comment on it right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Shankman with UBS
Stephen Shankman - UBS Investment Bank: I guess in Q1 about 20% -- 26% of new bookings were from outside the core volume, and I think it was a similar number for this quarter. Wondering if you're seeing any changes there in terms of the mix over the past few quarters from larger hospitals versus smaller ones, and specifically as it relates to the new footprint?
Marc Naughton: Yes, I think relative to the mix of size of clients that are coming to market these days, it's pretty broad I think.
Zane Burke: This is Zane. We actually just came through our review of the business and there is demand across all elements of the business. But in the small markets we've talked about in the community market and actually we are seeing the return of some larger IDNs into the marketplace who have made some decisions previously and are now getting uncomfortable with the technology that provider that they put in place. And that's a trend that we anticipate to continue, as actually some of the larger organizations coming back into the marketplace and looking for somebody they believe can take them to Stage 2, Stage 3 and well beyond.
Stephen Shankman - UBS Investment Bank: So they're coming back into the marketplace in calendar 2011 or would that be maybe next year?
Zane Burke: I think that's actually part of my commentary. I think this is a much broader marketplace than some had expected that it would be a rush for Meaningful Use, and I think this will play out over the next several years.
Marc Naughton: We're starting to see them show up in our pipeline, and when they show up in our pipeline that usually means a 12 months or so timeframe for them to make a decision, to sign a contract. So I think we will probably look to see more of those beginning in '12 but as Zane indicates, we think that actually can fuel activity after '12 through '13 and '14.
Stephen Shankman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then switching gears. Just in terms of I guess SG&A and also R&D lines, should we expect a similar kind of step down as we go through the year like we saw in 2010?
Marc Naughton: Step down being...
Stephen Shankman - UBS Investment Bank: As a percent of revenue?
Marc Naughton: We're continuing to look for efficiencies. Certainly, R&D is a very key element to our success and continuing to invest in new things. But as we continue with our revenue, especially at the levels we're growing at now, it's logical that the R&D, as a percent, declines a little bit over time because we just want to make sure we're investing fully in all the opportunities we have.
Michael Nill: But we think we can do that still getting efficiencies on G&A and R&D lines.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Halper with Stifel, Nicolaus
Steven Halper - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Earlier in the call, you talked about 50 clients, presumably IDN clients, that are using inpatient and outpatient are those customers using PowerChart Office or are you including PowerWorks in that number as well?
Zane Burke: Steve, this is Zane. They would be doing a combination of the 2, depending on their strategy for their physicians.
Steven Halper - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. So there'll be some element of PowerChart Office and PowerWorks depending on the size of the physician group?
Zane Burke: Look, remember Steve starting with -- that's the same solution set regardless whether it's PowerWorks or PowerChart Office that's the same code. But yes, you could have both -- they could run both. They could run one or the other, depending on their strategies with their physicians.
Steven Halper - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And what about ambulatory on a stand-alone basis? What's going on in that market? Where does Cerner sort of slot in? Are you going for transactions outside of your inpatient base?
Zane Burke: Yes, very much so. In fact, the solution is competitiveness is very strong and on a stand-alone basis we're going after both larger practices as well as single practices.
Steven Halper - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: What have been some of the changes in terms of code development that have led to some of the success there because PowerChart Office has been around for a while but it was not really that successful at first?
Michael Nill: This is Mike, Neal. We have continued to make investments in our ambulatory physician application. In fact, over the last year, there was significant investment made to improve the usability and workflow. And as a result, our competitiveness has dramatically improved in that space. I think many of the companies that survey our clients are showing statistically that it's improving as well. So we think we're making good progress there.
Marc Naughton: This is Marc. I think given the time we're going to cut off the questions. I've asked Neal to see if he has any closing comments for us.
Neal Patterson: Great. Thanks, Marc. This is Neal. So my job is pretty easy when you guys all just grill Naughton here on our business models and see if you can find a hole. I'm going to give Marc a passing grade here. He did a great job. So in summary, I mean, I think my view is probably going to be similar to yours. We're in a good strong marketplace. We are getting good activity and we actually see the activities that will extend from our installed base, from our current clients. We're highly competitive in the new clients that are entering the marketplace for acquisitions. Part of that new buying as just got discussed here a second ago, some of our dear competitors installed base because there is a window here where it's going to force a lot of decisions. And there's probably not too many install bases that are in great shape. We are in great shape. We are not the only one, but there's a lot of people that put together not real strong companies over the last 20 years. And there's kind of strength test being applied here. And then you all got it, frankly globally, most -- because we've always focused on the clinical side, there is a strong marketplace outside the U.S. and you kind of throw a dart at it and when we tell you the story what's happening in those countries. And for the most part, we're -- it's a good story. So we've built this company through innovation. We've been working for -- I've been -- I'm the oldest one in the room here. So, spent most of my adult life working on digitizing the core of healthcare. We are clearly articulating to you all of this activity in the first half of this decade is creating -- is basically digitizing the content of healthcare. And we think there will be big fundamental changes outside of that, we have several ways of narrating that those kinds of changes, but the concept of a new middle is one of those. And then I think we are demonstrating to you today here, too, that there's a great team and this company has got a lot of talent. And the talent is broad and deep. So we have a combination of experience. We also have a passion and a passion to innovate. So those are my closing observations and comments. And with that, I'll wish you good evening. So thank you for your time, too.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for your participation in today's conference. That does conclude the presentation. You may disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-06-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond – VP, IR Jeff Epstein – EVP & CFO Safra Catz – President Larry Ellison – CEO Charles Phillips – President
Analysts: Heather Bellini – ISI Group Adam Holt – Morgan Stanley John DiFucci – JPMorgan Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs Joel Fishbein – Lazard Capital Markets Phil Winslow – Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Oracle Corporation fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 conference call. As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, Oracle. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. I am Ken Bond, Vice President, Investor Relations. And with us on the call today are Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison; President Safra Catz; President Charles Phillips; and Chief Financial Officer Jeff Epstein. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment of what the future holds, these statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statement being made today. Throughout today’s discussion we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect those forward-looking statements. We encourage you to review our most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our opinion only as of today. As a reminder, we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplementary financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. We’ll begin the call with a few prepared remarks before taking questions from the audience. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Epstein for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Epstein: Thank you, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I will review our non-GAAP financial results focusing on U.S. dollar growth rates unless otherwise stated. This quarter, foreign exchange rates were not much of a factor in our overall results compared to our guidance of a 3% benefit to new license revenue and a 4% benefit to total revenue. Even with the currency tailwind being less than anticipated we were at the high end of our guidance range for total revenue and we beat our guidance ranges for new license revenue and EPS with record earnings per share this quarter. On a constant dollar basis, we beat our guidance ranges for new license revenue, total revenue and earnings per share. In short, Q4 was an excellent quarter for Oracle. In the fourth quarter, new software license revenues were $3.1 billion, up 14%. The Americas grew 28%, EMEA was down 3% in U.S. dollars, and up 4% in constant dollars. And Asia was up 15%. Our results continue to underscore the strength, balance and diversity of our business and the quarter was not dependent on usually large deals. Technology new license revenues were $2.3 billion, up 18% as the Americas grew 34%, EMEA was down 1% in U.S. dollars and up 6% in constant dollars and Asia was up 19%. Applications new license revenues were $855 million, up 6% from last year. The Americas grew 16%, EMEA was down 7%, and Asia was up 2%. Our software license updates and product support revenues were $3.5 billion, up 13% from last year. Customer support attachment and renewal rates continue at near record levels. Revenues from our hardware systems products were $1.2 billion, while revenues from hardware system support were $688 million. Our services revenues were $1.1 billion, up 4% as we continue to manage this business to profitable margins. Our total revenues were $9.6 billion, up 40% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.4 billion, up 26%. The non-GAAP operating margin was 46% for the quarter. Our tax rate for the fourth quarter was 27.3% as we saw some one-time benefits to our tax rate. Our Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.60, $0.04 above the high end of our EPS guidance range of $0.52 to $0.56. Earnings per share were up 30% from last year. In Q4, we repurchased 10 million shares at an average price of $24.94 per share for a total of $250 million. For the full year, we repurchased 43.3 million shares at an average price of $22.94 per share for a total of $993 million. As we have previously discussed the rate of our stock buyback will fluctuate each quarter, taking into account alternative uses for our cash and our stock price. Now, turning briefly to fiscal 2010 full year results, new software license revenues were $7.5 billion, up 6% for the year. The Americas were up 15%, EMEA down 5%, and Asia grew 4%. Technology new license revenues were $5.4 billion, up 6% while applications new license revenues were $2.1 billion, also up 6%. Software license updates and product support revenues totaled $13.2 billion, up 10%. Our total revenues were $27.0 billion, up 15%. Non-GAAP operating income was $12.5 billion, up 15% and non-GAAP operating margin was 46%. Our fiscal 2010 non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.67, up 16% from last year. Turning to the balance sheet, we have $18.5 billion in cash and investments. Our day’s sales outstanding improved again to 53 days compared to 58 days last year and is a testament to the quality of our receivables, the quality of our customers, and the effectiveness of our collection efforts. Finally, we generated $8.5 billion in free cash flow during the last four quarters, up 9% from last year. Now, I will turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Jeff. I will briefly comment on our non-GAAP results for Q4. I will then review guidance for Q1 and turn the call over to Larry. Obviously, we are very pleased with our Q4 results and with our outstanding performance throughout the year. Our business is extremely healthy with substantial strength in database, middlewares, apps, and hardware. Our tech business, highlighted by database was spectacular this quarter, with growth of 18%, including 34% growth in the Americas. Our applications business was also strong with 5% growth over the last 12 months on a constant dollar basis versus a negative 24% for SAP for our most recent quarter. Sun hardware systems revenue came in well, taking into account the fact that we’ve already ended Sun's reselling of other companies’ products, which had historically accounted for hundreds of millions of dollars a year in sales. This quarter, we saw sales growth for Sun hardware products. In addition, our estimate for the Sun business contribution to operating income comes in at over $400 million for our first full quarter after the merger. This compares to the loss in Sun’s quarter ending June of last year when Sun was an independent company. Now, to get to that number, we’ve done some allocations for the quarter and because a lot of our back office and software R&D and software sales operations have already been integrated with Oracle’s pre-merger team, now in the coming quarter some of the expense estimates may really be too difficult to make, but we will break out the revenues and the segregated expenses whenever possible for the remainder of this year. Clearly, we continue to expect Sun’s contribution to meet or exceed $1.5 billion for non-GAAP operating income in fiscal 2011 and $2 billion in fiscal ’12. We’ve also made excellent progress with our supply chain efficiency efforts as the non-GAAP gross margins for systems was 46%, much, much higher than the 33% we reported last quarter. And as a remainder, Sun’s product gross margin, which included software margin was 38% last year. In addition to our strong top line performance, we delivered very strong operating margins. With Sun included for the full quarter, our operating margin was 46%, substantially higher than our peers including IBM and SAP. Our 46% operating margin remains much higher than SAP’s even though we are also selling hardware. Fiscal 2010 again demonstrates the strength of our diversified portfolio of enterprise products, the breadth and loyalty of our huge customer base and the strength of our operating model. The fact is we have a lot of company-specific momentum. We really executed well throughout the year and exceeded our own expectations quarter after quarter. Now before I turn to guidance for the upcoming year, let me just remind everyone that our plans for Sun is based on a more profit aware model. As we said a number of times, we are no longer selling products at a loss as Sun did. We are now compensating our sales teams on margin, not just revenue, and this has the effect of changing the sales mix from systems where Sun lost money to value-added systems where Sun’s differentiation is clear to our customer. These changes are allowing us to form a base line for our hardware revenues and profitability at a level from which they can grow. So, let’s get to the guidance. And we do believe that the guidance I am giving today is conservative. I want to emphasize that our pipelines are very strong in both software and hardware. For the coming quarter, assuming the exchange rates remain at current levels, which right now is a negative 2% currency effect on license growth rate and a negative 3% effect on total revenue growth rate. With that, our guidance for Q1 is as follows: New software license revenue growth is expected to range from 4% to 14% in constant currency and 2% to 12% at current exchange rates. Hardware product revenues are expected to be around $1 billion in constant currency. That doesn’t include the hardware support revenues. Total revenue growth on a non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 44% to 48% in constant currency and 41% to 45% in current exchange rates. On a GAAP basis, we expect total revenue from 42% to 46% in constant currency and 39% to 43% at current exchange rate. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.36 to $0.38 in constant currency, up from $0.30 last year, and from $0.35 to $0.37 assuming current exchange rates. GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be $0.18 to $0.19 assuming constant currency and $0.17 to $0.18 using current exchange rates. This guidance assumes a GAAP tax rate of 33.5% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 28.5%. Of course, it may end up being different. And lastly, the Board again declared a dividend of $0.05 per share. With that I will turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. When we introduced the Exadata database machine, it really was focused on datawarehousing and our primary competitors were companies like Teradata and Netezza. When we introduced Version 2 of our Exadata database machine in partnership with Sun and then we bought Sun, we really focused not simply on datawarehousing performance, but also on online transaction processing. And our current version of the Sun Exadata database machine substantially outperforms IBM’s fastest computer in both datawarehousing and transaction processing. As a result, in our previous quarter in Q4 some of IBM’s largest customers began buying Exadata machines rather than big IBM servers. And the 2011 Exadata pipeline continues to grow and is now approaching $1 billion, making Exadata the fastest growing new product in Oracle’s history. Now, back to Q4. Again, I said the competition has really shifted from companies like Teradata and Netezza to big IBM machines and the Q4 results bore that out. We beat IBM 30 times in Q4. We beat Teradata nine times in Q4, and we beat Netezza seven times in Q4. And we sold the Exadata machine into some of IBM’s largest and bluest accounts, including Bank of America, Carrefour the second largest retailer in the world behind Wal-Mart and Thomson Reuters. I will turn it over to Charles who will give you a broader picture of how our other products did in Q4. Charles? Charles?
Charles Phillips: Thanks, Larry. We really had good team work across all the account execs by product family. It was really a good quarter and as you can see North and Latin America were strong results. They’ve exceeded plan as they have all year long. EMEA in particular did a great job of delivering results against some tough comparisons especially in the context of the change in the UK government, financial instability in Greece and Spain, while integrating acquisitions. So with all those headwinds, they delivered good results. And Japan saw a rebound from a rough start to the beginning of the year. What I am seeing in the field right now, we have many more touch points with our accounts. So our visibility and understanding of customer requirements has significantly improved. And right now almost any decision they make in the data center could potentially involve Oracle now. So, we have deployed a cadre of technical advisors that we call client architects that essentially act as dedicated CTOs for our larger customers who want to stay tightly aligned with Oracle’s strategy. These client architects are more in demand as we become more important to our customers. They advise the CIOs on how to invest and shape their architectures in concert with Oracle’s investments. We are improving the attach rate on deals to drag along multiple products up and down the stack and which continues to get better as the products get more integrated. We also saw our partners, in particular the systems integrators and even some of the hardware companies make a concerted effort to reinvigorate their partnerships post the Sun acquisition, which may be counter-intuitive, but I think they’d see the momentum in the market and want to align themselves accordingly. It’s also reflected in the amount of companies signing up as sponsors for Oracle OpenWorld, by the way. So, final comments, Fusion Middleware 11g, upgrades to 11g from 10g are off to a faster pace. Keep in mind that we already had most of the customer base on 10g. 88% were on 10g and now they are moving faster than the 10g customers moved. We have several new options around 11g, which means about 70% of the installed base is a candidate for add-on product modules once they upgrade. WebCenter within the Fusion Middleware suite did well in the quarter. Just want to point that out because with enterprise portal content management product we replaced SharePoint at Airbus and McAfee. Also I wanted to note that one of the recent acquisitions, GoldenGate, which is the leader in data replication across heterogeneous databases, got off to an extremely fast start with wins at Cern [ph] and other large companies. But more importantly it’s getting us into accounts who are using non-Oracle databases, since they are replicating across databases. During the quarter, we released Enterprise Linux Version 5.5. We now have over 5,000 Linux customers on our Enterprise Linux, over 400 added in the quarter. We are making investments around Oracle VM, our virtualization product and working on ways to leverage virtualization across our entire product line. Just one small example, we are working on an Oracle VM machine. This is Sun server with an integrated network switch and storage array, Oracle VM, VM Manager, and VM Templates preconfigured in a ready to deploy rack. And we can package this technology in ways that most people can't. It adds a lot of value and our competitors are trying to mimic it right now. We also released Enterprise Manager 11g in the quarter. That’s our systems management product. That’s a milestone release, because first I mean it’s applications down to storage, which is kind of what we have been talking about for quite a while. But this is a single management platform to monitor that entire stack. In the applications area, we had a very strategic and large win at Merck across multiple pillars. It also included some health sciences products from the vertical – in that GBU. And in CRM I have talked about ADP in the past, they expanded their CRM footprint both on-premise and on demand CRM; we are the [ph]standard there now. As of PLM, we had a large win at Foxconn, a large contract manufacturer that makes the iPhone. Although they are using an SAP bank-end, they are using Agile now for product lifecycle management. So, our Agile applications continue to do extremely well in SAP accounts. And then in financial services, we had a good win with Mantas and Reveleus, our risk management and anti money laundering solutions at PMC Financial Services Group. And we won two large banks in China with our FLEXCUBE core banking platform and they are working with us to build out the localizations, which is important for future wins. And lastly, just to give you – let me give you a sense of the types of hardware purchases on the Sun SPARC tech where we are seeing momentum there as you see saw in the numbers. Types of companies that are committing to the M series or the T series, International Paper, Thomson Reuters, Amtrak, Cummins, P&G, Procter & Gamble, Qualcomm, eBay, PayPal, all in this quarter, and this is a small sampling. And with that, I will turn it back over.
Ken Bond: Operator, I think we’ll be ready to begin the questions now.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we’ll take our first question from Heather Bellini with ISI Group.
Heather Bellini – ISI Group: Good afternoon, everybody. Safra, I was wondering if you could share with us your views on Europe and what you are seeing with sales cycles in that region now versus say a few months ago and I guess in particular your view on whether or not you are starting to see this impact deal signings? Thanks.
Safra Catz: Well, that’s really a question for Charles. I mean we actually were very, very strong in Europe. By the way, they had a pretty tough compare actually because they had a reasonably good Q4 last year and so far we are actually off to a very good start, but there is no question that the U.K. government and a number of our big customers have been impacted by different things in Europe. But we have so many products and we have such diversity in our European base and – that things have been going very well for us so far. Charles, you want to comment on that?
Charles Phillips: No, that just sums it up.
Heather Bellini – ISI Group: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question.
Operator: We’ll go next to Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt – Morgan Stanley: The operating margins were obviously terrific in the quarter. You beat consensus by over $400 million. Safra, I believe you talked about the gross margins in the hardware business. Where else did you see the key contributors to the margin upside in the quarter and as we look at the next year, do you feel like we’ve reset at a higher level, heading into fiscal ’11?
Safra Catz: Well, of course, you know, you all have become accustomed to the fact that we sell a lot more software, but we don’t increase our cost structure very, very much. Sun and our own business generated a lot of new software sales. I mean so that on its face ignoring the hardware would lead to higher – to improved operating margin. And then we have the hardware business, which is clearly – we are making it at the gross margin line, we are making it at the operating expense line, we are making it all around. But this is a scale business. And the more we grow in scale, our software business frankly does, more we grow in scale as a hardware business our operating margins will improve. You just need to look at our history for the past few years and it shows up sort of all around, hardware and software business.
Adam Holt – Morgan Stanley: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John DiFucci – JPMorgan: Safra, you’ve been very clear about focusing on profits as it pertains to Sun and actually as it pertains to any business, but looking forward into this business, as – on the hardware top line, can you give us a little more general guidance on how we should be thinking about it going forward. I mean coming into this quarter, obviously end of your fiscal year and it was close to what Sun’s fiscal year would have been and perhaps may be the hardware business looked pretty good and perhaps there could have been some pent up demand too to show that. But I am just wondering if we – should we, given the guidance for next quarter and looking forward, if we should be just may be not too aggressive on the top line for the hardware business going forward?
Safra Catz: Well, there is no question we need to get some sort of a base line for the hardware business, but you need to understand that we are also selling differentiated products with a lot of new differentiated products, both out and coming out. And Exadata is one of those types of products. So, obviously, I am not going to recommend you get ahead of my guidance, that is the reason I am giving you guidance. It’s what we actually think we are going to do. But we will need a year to understand the amount of seasonality that there is in the hardware business. We don’t have full visibility and as I did mention, we are not – we are no longer reselling other – some products that were other people’s products, which Sun sold for hundreds of millions of dollars a year. And so that has to be – we need a year without that for you to get a base line. But in general, we feel that – we already see it. Customers are buying a lot of hardware now. They are very, very loyal to the technology that they love. And now that they know that it has a future and that we are investing an enormous amount in continuing these lines, and in enhancing them, they are much more comfortable making those investments again. So, you can see sequentially we are not projecting a very large decline, which in our software business we usually are between Q4 and Q1 because we have some hardware specific momentum we are very upbeat about. But we will need a year to understand pipelines and conversion rates, et cetera, and see how we come out as well as to be able to measure some of these new products and how they are taking off.
John DiFucci – JPMorgan: Thanks. If I might, just a quick follow-up for Larry to that in the hardware business. The Exadata product both OLAP and OLTP solutions and people are used to buying analytics in an appliance fashion or in appliance form function. I am just curious, how much are you starting to see customers get as far as their comfort level of buying transaction processing solutions and in buying Exadata?
Larry Ellison: Well, I think as long as we can demonstrate – the Exadata version 2 is a relatively new product, as long as we can demonstrate in benchmarks that were a lot faster than IBM’s fastest computer, the appliance is particularly attractive in OLTP because since OLTP is mission critical and all these pieces fit together, our architecture is not only faster than IBM’s, it’s much more reliable. Exadata has a fault-tolerant architecture. There is no single point of failure, which is much more important in OLTP than it is in datawarehousing. So we are faster and more reliable. Now we have to – people are skeptical about any new product. They buy a couple of machines and they test them and then they put them into production and if we are successful then they start making standardization decisions that I think the combination of much better performance and the fact that it’s appliance where all the pieces fit together, engineered to fit together and tested together and the fact that it’s a fault tolerant architecture gives us a huge advantage over IBM in the OLTP space. So, again each customer will take their time in trying it and then make a decision, but we are making really good progress. I also want to add on to what Safra said, she forecast hardware at $1 billion for Q1. The guidance is the guidance. However, you should know our plan is to dramatically grow the Sun sales organization, and strongly grow the Sun business. Your earlier question, are we just focused on profitability, we are focused on growing the Sun business and growing it rapidly. We are being very conservative in our guidance, as we should be. But we are adding a lot of sales people. May be Charles can – comment on just how quickly – it takes them a while to get productive but may be Charles can comment on just how quickly we are adding distribution capacity to the Sun’s sales organization so we can grow that business.
Charles Phillips: Yes, as you probably know, we made a big public announcement that we are hiring and so that generated a lot of momentum. What I have been impressed with is the quality of people who are coming because they are excited about the differentiated message they see, what Sun is doing, they see Exadata, they see the investment that we are making, so the quality of senior people who want to come here from our competitors has surprised me and we are starting [ph] them up as we speak and now that the quarter is over with, we have a little more time to focus on it. We are ramping up, but the pipeline is there and people to hire.
Larry Ellison: Yes, we are going to more than double the Sun sales force.
John DiFucci – JPMorgan: Okay, thanks.
Larry Ellison: Okay.
John DiFucci – JPMorgan: Thanks, that’s very helpful. Nice job.
Larry Ellison: Thank you.
Ken Bond: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll go next to Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs: Terrific. Thanks for taking my questions. Just first on Sun maintenance, or it feels as if you still have a lot of low-hanging fruit, now that you've got a quarter under your belt, what are you seeing in terms of trends in pricing and maintenance and then attach rates? And then I have a very quick followup after this, if I may.
Safra Catz: Sara, you have kind of a funny line, so we couldn't quite hear you, but you are asking about Sun’s support – support on – ?
Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs: Yes, exactly, Sun maintenance, so what you are seeing in terms of pricing ability and then attach rates, which I think we are quite weak, before you took on Sun.
Safra Catz: Yes, we – well, we announced new pricing, which was very, very well received. Gartner wrote an excellent report on it and customers have sort of adopted it very much. It’s considered extremely competitive. A lot of customers that had not been on support from Sun have come to Sun, have come back to Sun. And the attach rates are increasing. So, there is definitely value to Sun’s support for hardware and software and customers are recognizing that and attach rates are increasing. And we are starting to increase even further.
Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs: Great. And then if I could, a followup, just very big picture. You are clearly one of the big tech bellwethers. Your views on the environment hold a lot of weight. Are you seeing any change on the margin, not even just Europe specific but just on the margin in terms of customers’ willingness to spend today versus a month ago, versus may be two months ago, because clearly the market is saying that they are very concerned right now.
Safra Catz: You know, for us as I said before, it’s very hard for us to parse the line, to make a line between Oracle’s company-specific momentum and the overall market. Our customers are very, very sort of happy right now and they are showing that by investing in more and more of our products. This is sort of a consistent message. We got the exact same question a quarter ago and a quarter ago. And there is no question that the quarter started off very well for us already. And I think that we are not economists here, we just sell software and hardware. So far, our customers are making very significant investments and there are a lot of customers looking at our products right now, very, very seriously and making buying decisions literally as we speak. So, I don’t know if anybody else wants to take a stab at the economy question, but things are going well here guys, which I think is clearly obvious.
Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Well, the perspective is great. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Joel Fishbein with Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Fishbein – Lazard Capital Markets: Hi, can you please give us some more color around the change or the elimination of the Sun channel and how that has impacted or the impact it’s having on the operating margin line?
Jeff Epstein: Well, yes, let me correct that. We didn’t eliminate the Sun channel at all, that’s not exactly what we are doing. What we said was over time there would be a gradual shift to a more direct mix of business that Oracle normally sees. So pre-Sun anywhere from 40% to 43% normally in a given quarter of our business goes through indirect channel. So we’ve had a strong channel for many, many years. It’s important to our business. Sun was much, much higher than that. For large customers, we want to service them directly. So there will be a shift toward our number over time, but nothing dramatic in one quarter. Nothing to disrupt the flow of business. So that shift has started, but again it will take some time.
Safra Catz: And regarding the margins, obviously this will lead to actually higher revenues for the company and because of our really massive scale it will actually also lead – revenues will increase a lot, expenses will not increase as much, which means that overall operating margins will improve consistent with really the leverage and the mass scale we have here.
Joel Fishbein – Lazard Capital Markets: So, the takeaway is that it really wasn’t an impact in this quarter because it’s too early to impact, is that the way to look at it – ?
Safra Catz: That’s fair.
Jeff Epstein: Correct. Those partners are adding value and we want – the ones that are adding value, we want to continue to work with for many years.
Joel Fishbein – Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our last question from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow – Credit Suisse: Yes, great quarter. I have just a question on the database and middleware line.
Ken Bond: Phil, we can't hear you.
Phil Winslow – Credit Suisse: Can you guys hear me now?
Safra Catz: Not really.
Ken Bond: Phil?
Phil Winslow – Credit Suisse: Can you guys hear me now?
Ken Bond: Sorry, Phil.
Safra Catz: Thanks.
Ken Bond: Phil, we are not getting a connection. We’ll try back next time. Operator, we can close out the call please.
Operator: And that will conclude the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn it back over to Ken Bond for any additional or closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. The telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. The replay number is 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, and the passcode is 8533249. Also the webcast, the replay will be available through the close of market on July 1st and can be found on the Investor Relations website. Please call the Investor Relations department for any questions from this call and we look forward to speaking to you. Thank you all for joining us on today’s conference call. And with that I will turn the call back to the operator for closing.
Operator: And again, that will conclude today’s call. We do appreciate everyone’s participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-03-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Investor Relations Jeffrey E. Epstein - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Safra A. Catz - President, Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Director Charles E. Phillips Jr. - President, Director
Analysts: Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley John Difucci - J.P. Morgan Sara Friar - Goldman Sachs Bill Winslow – Credit Suisse  Heather Bellini - ISI Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch Brent Thill – UBS  
Operator: Welcome to today's Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond:  Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. I am Ken Bond, Vice President Investor Relations and with us on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President, Safra Catz; President, Charles Phillips and Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Epstein.   As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, these statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today.   Throughout today's discussion we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. We would encourage you to review our most recent reports on forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. As a result we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinion only as of today and as a reminder, we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future results.   A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our website at www.oracle.com/investor.  We will begin the call with a few prepared remarks before taking questions from the audience. With that I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Epstein for his opening remarks. Jeff?  
Jeffrey Epstein:  Thank you, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. I will review our non-GAAP financial results focusing on U.S. dollar growth rates unless otherwise stated.  First, a comment about foreign exchange rate movements. Excluding Sun the actual currency benefit we saw this quarter was less than our guidance by approximately 2% for both new license revenue and total revenue. However, even with currency tailwinds being less than anticipated we were able to drive solid results this quarter as we beat our new license revenue guidance, beat our total revenue guidance and were at the high end of the EPS range with record Q3 earnings per share. Q3 was a solid quarter.  Before reviewing our income statement I would like to remind everyone that our guidance from last quarter excluded Sun. In discussing revenue I will provide revenue results as reported and for some key growth rates I will exclude Sun revenue to align the results to our guidance from last quarter.  In the third quarter our new software license revenues were $1.7 billion including $46 million from Sun. New software license revenues were up 13% and up 10% excluding Sun. This 10% growth beat the high end of our guidance range, calling for 9% growth. The Americas grew 22%. EMEA was up 3% and Asia was up 12%.  Our results continue to underscore the strength, balance and diversity of our business and the quarter was not dependent on any unusually large deals. Technology new license revenues were $1.2 billion up 11% as the Americas grew 20%, EMEA was up 2% and Asia was up 9%. Applications new license revenues were $477 million, up 21% from last year. The Americas grew 26%. EMEA was up 7% and Asia was up 29%.  Our software license update and product support revenues were $3.3 billion including $25 million from Sun and up 12% from last year. Customer support attachment and renewal rates continue at near record levels. Revenues from our hardware systems products were $273 million while revenues from hardware systems support were $224 million. Our services revenues were $931 million, down 9% as we continue to manage this business to profitable margins.  Our total revenues were $6.5 billion including $596 million from Sun. Total revenues for the quarter were up 18% and up 7% excluding Sun. Total revenues excluding Sun were at the high end of our guidance range even without the full benefit of currency tailwinds included in our guidance.  With Sun results now being included in our financial statements, non-GAAP operating income was $2.9 billion, up 13%. The non-GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 45%. Our tax rate for the third quarter was 25.9% as we saw some one-time benefits to our tax rate. Our Q3 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.38, at the high end of our Oracle only EPS guidance range of $0.36 to $0.38. Earnings per share were up 9% from last year and include a $0.01 loss related to the devaluation of the Venezuelan currency.  In Q3 we repurchased 10.3 million shares at an average price of $24.28 per share for a total of $250 million. As we have previously discussed the rate of our stock buybacks will fluctuate each quarter taking into account alternative uses for our cash and our stock price.  Turning to the balance sheet we have $17.5 billion in cash and investments. The day sales outstanding excluding Sun improved again to 47 days as compared to 49 days last year. Finally, we generated $8.0 billion in free cash flow during the last four quarters.  Now I will turn the call over to Safra. 
Safra Catz :  Thanks Jeff. As you can all see we had another fantastic quarter. I would like to first address our performance excluding Sun as this relates directly to the guidance we provided last quarter and then I will highlight a few points related to Sun.  For starters, as Jeff mentioned we exceeded the high point of our new license guidance with 10% growth in software licenses excluding Sun. This clearly shows substantial strength in the database, Middleware and applications business. We also beat the high end of our total revenue guidance with consistent strength in our update and support renewals. Results for our application business were nothing short of stunning. We grew 21% while SAP continued to shrink at a double digit pace. Our applications business is doing very well in all regions and in all verticals and it is truly no wonder SAP is so unhappy.  In addition to our strong top line performance we delivered very strong operating margins. With Sun included our operating margin was 45%, substantially higher than our peers including IBM. Our operating margin remains much higher than SAP’s targets and we are now selling hardware. Regarding Sun, as you all know the transaction closed at the end of January so our Q3 results for Sun reflect a one-month period of February which would have been in the middle of their Q3.  Sun’s revenues for February were $596 million which was far better than we expected and clearly demonstrates to us that customers are responding well to the acquisition. We believe the Oracle/Sun integration is off to a very strong start. We are moving forward quickly to implement the operational changes we described for you on January 27th and we continue to expect Sun to contribute $1.5 billion in non-GAAP operating income in fiscal year 2011 and $2 billion in fiscal year 2012.  Now before I turn to guidance let me just remind everyone our plans for the Sun business are based on a more profit aware model. We will no longer be selling products at a loss as Sun did. As we promised in January we have already ended or modified arrangements where Sun resold other company’s products at a loss. Just this change will immediately mean more profit on lower revenue.  Second, we are now compensating our sales teams on margin not just revenue. That has an effect of changing the sales mix from commodity systems where Sun lost money to value added systems where Sun’s differentiation is clear to our customers. These two changes will baseline our hardware revenues and profitability at a level from which it will start to grow significantly next year.  Now let me turn to guidance which will include Sun. We believe the guidance I am giving today is conservative. I want to emphasize our pipelines are strong in both software and hardware and the close rates I am using for software are more conservative than typical Q4 close rates for software.  For the coming quarter assuming the exchange rates remain at current levels we expect there to be almost 3% positive currency effect on license growth rates and almost 4% effect on total revenue growth rate.  With that our guidance for Q4 is as follows: New software license revenue growth is expected to range from 3-13% at current exchange rates and flat to up 10% in constant currency. Hardware product revenues are expected to range from $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion at current exchange rates and actually at constant currency. These numbers exclude hardware support revenues. These are just the hardware product revenues.  Total revenue growth on a non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 36% to 41% at current exchange rates and 32% to 37% in constant currency. On a GAAP basis we expected total revenue growth from 35-40% at current exchange rates and 31% to 36% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.52 to $0.56 assuming current exchange rates, up from $0.46 last year and from $0.50 to $0.54 in constant currency. GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter is expected to be $0.37 to $0.41 using current exchange rates and $0.35 to $0.39 assuming constant currency.  This guidance assumes a GAAP to non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for Q4 but may end up lower. Lastly, the board again declared a dividend of $0.05 per share. With that I will turn it over to Larry for his comments. 
Lawrence Ellison :  Thank you Safra. I thought I would review our strategy in two markets where we are not currently the market leader. The first market is high end servers where IBM is our primary competitor and the other is business applications where SAP is our primary competitor.  Let me start with servers. Since we acquired Sun we have embarked on putting together clusters of some hardware running with our database and Middleware software. That is, we have a collection of some machines interconnected by a modern antenna band network talking to storage also connected to the servers using a modern antenna band network. Exadata is the best example of this clustered architecture where we have collections of machines, storage and networks all built together with the software [in tune] for the software.  What we have been able to do with Exadata and there will be other clusters like Exadata coming out for Middleware applications pretty much all the software that we sell. It is not uncommon for an Exadata benchmark to be going up against a big IBM P-series machine to beat them by a factor of ten because they just don’t have a clustered architecture. They have stuck with kind of an old fashioned SMP architecture for transaction processing. We are taking advantage of new technologies. Not just [inaudible] by the way but Flash, very large scale integrated memories and you will see all of that has allowed us to deliver stunning performance using if you will commodity parts.  Not only do we run much faster than the IBM P-series but also our architecture gives clusters around multiple servers, multiple pieces of storage [inaudible] there is no single point of sale here so it is much more reliable while delivering this fantastic performance. Finally it is much lower in cost because the components themselves if you will are from a lot of these components; disk drives, memory and processors which we assemble with our software. So we again think we can challenge IBM on the high end of the server market with better performance, lower cost and much more reliability.  In applications SAP is the leader. But their technology that they use for their applications is a proprietary technology, a German programming language called ABAP where later this year, and that is a 25 year old technology that is still the center of their architecture and strategy for applications going forward is ABAP. The center of our strategy going forward is Java and a modern service oriented architecture.  During this calendar year we will deliver our Fusion applications. We have been working on them for awhile and we have written in Java all of our accounting software, all of our supply chain software, all of our HR software, our sales automation, service automation software has all been rewritten in Java with a modern service related architecture. We are going to go compete with SAP’s 25 year old technology. The interesting thing is we are competing quite well against SAP now. We think once we deliver Fusion we are going to be well positioned to challenge for the number one slot.  One of the important things about our Fusion applications is they are designed not simply to run on premise which of course they do but they are also on-demand or if you prefer cloud ready. So we will be delivering those applications both by selling the software directly, the old way of doing it which is still the most popular way by the way, we will be selling the Fusion applications integrated with our hardware, our servers and our storage and our networks and we will be selling it on the cloud. All modern service oriented 21st century stuff competing against SAP. We think SAP is vulnerable and we can take them on in a variety of industries.  The other thing we are doing that SAP is not doing is we are emphasizing industry functionality. It is not just technology where we are competing with SAP. We are also competing with them in functionality. We think we have much more functionality to a telco, a phone company, a large scale retail operation, insurance, banking and industry specific applications for a variety of industries. Healthcare. I could go on. Our strategy is to have much better industry focus than SAP in terms of functionality and a much more modern technology underlying all of that functionality.  Again, it is a company we think is vulnerable and we think we have an excellent chance of becoming number one in applications. With that I will turn it over to Charles. 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  Thanks Larry. [The Sun] organization has done a great job integrating the Sun reps quickly. They executed very well as you can see. Within days and at most weeks we had the accounts, territories and cost plans all assigned. Reps quickly got back in front of customers and that was a key factor in the quarter and they stayed focused and built pipelines and did a great job all the way around the world.  All the customer data has been converted over to Oracle Systems and pipeline and forecasting processes have been standardized. On the customer side I would say customers, I think the best word is they are “intrigued” with our strategy. A good example is we had a CIO summit yesterday in Atlanta. We were expecting about 125 CIO’s we invited. We got over 175. 85% of them traveled to get there from surrounding states and 91% of them were first time attendees to this type of event.  So we are getting our competitor’s customers to come and hear what we have to say. They just want to know what is happening. I think they sense there is some sort of transformation in the industry that is possible based on what we are doing. They want to know exactly what we are planning. We are going to do a lot more of that. We are just getting started. We have four more CIO summits and CFO summits in the next three months so we are getting our frequent flyer miles in but we need to take advantage of this while it is there because we can get an audience with almost anyone right now.  That is wind at our back in that respect. By product area I am going to start off with database. Exadata as we have been talking about in recent quarters the pipeline continues to grow significantly and what is changing now is we are getting multiple orders and multiple machines on a single order and about 40% of our customers purchased multiple systems in the past quarter. I think Exadata is also generally partially responsible for generating a lot of the interest in our strategy because it is a good example of what can happen when you synchronize innovation across hardware and software which is hard to do in this industry.  Key database wins include [Live Technologies] that was a ULA for database Middleware apps kind of wall in wall Oracle. I told him I would mention him because he negotiated the deal at a Suns basketball deal on a Friday night and still got it done. Turk Cell, which was a telecom in the Middle East. I mention them because this is another ULA for database Middleware including Exadata ERP and CRM. They have been also a good customer on the com side of this. So they are as close to a telco in a box strategy that we are embarking on as you can get. They pretty much do everything on Oracle now.  Then Buenos Aires City Government. I mention them because they migrated to the Oracle database for the first time. They were [inaudible] customers. So I would just kind of like to remind people there are still legacy databases out there like [Informants and Side Base] and DB2 that we get customers from every quarter. Buenos Aires City Government said they are getting an 80% improvement in performance. They are running that on Oracle unbreakable Linux. We had some good Linux wins in the quarter including Victoria University, Telecom SA, [Reuters] and GE Security.  Switching to Middleware I would like to kind of remind people the scale we have achieved in Middleware with 90,000 customers now. That is not including the 20,000 apps customers that run Middleware with our apps. So that is going very well. The upgrade cycle from 11G…I talked about the 11G launch for the last couple of quarters. On average it is taking customers about 4-8 months so that upgrade cycle is continuing as we expected. Actually a little better than the last cycle. There are many customers who already are live on the product.  There are some components that are yet to ship as part of 11G. Over the next 12 months they will be coming out. The ones that are scheduled are business process management, Tuxedo, Enterprise Content Management, Imaging and Process Management and Oracle BI Enterprise Edition. That will generate more upgrades and more uptake of related components.  Also, in past calls I have talked about how important it was to get ISV’s to support our Middleware stack. That is driving adoption as well. So in this past Q3 we had 18 key IT partners [some] of their components on Middleware to standardize that included the North America Landmark Graphics, SunGard, Intuit, Cerner and EMEA IFS and LHS. So we have a partner technical services organization that is part of development and they have trained over 11,000 consultants globally and developers on 11G in the last 9 months. So that is a key part of getting that adoption and we are starting to see the benefit of that now.  Key customer wins are Cox Communications, U.S. Department of Transportation selected us over Web Center to build a portal for their hazardous materials information system. Kaiser Permanente chose us for BI over Cognos and in the EPM area we had wins with Carlisle Group and Herbal Life in [inaudible] management standardized in the University of Texas.  In the applications area Larry mentioned our competition with SAP. I am certainly seeing a shift there where we were seeing two years ago SAP was considered the safe choice even if the technology was a little bit old and complex to implement and all that. That seems to be changing as customers appear to be more nervous about their technology and strategic directions and they are more open to discussing things with Oracle. Even SAP customers and their largest customers so that is a change we are seeing.  Secondly, they don’t have anything new to talk about. It is the same product, the same technology and basically they are focused on general ledger. The industry is moving broader than that including industry applications and entire systems. So here are some key wins over SAP in the quarter. [IBCO] a large privately health food and beverage company in the United Arab Emirates. D&H Distribution, one of the nations meeting technology distributors.  A real important one at NBN Co., and this is a new company and we don’t get these often. The government of Australia had a national initiative to build a national broadband network from scratch. This is a mandate by the government. It will be the single largest nation building infrastructure project in Australian history. The Chief Operating Officer selected Oracle who said [inaudible] headquarters two weeks ago and he wants to go wall to wall Oracle and he selected us over SAP.  We beat them at [Genuine Parks] and their holdings. A good quarter with PeopleSoft. PeopleSoft beat them at Carlisle Group, Alberta Health Services, UBS, Bank of America, Department of Energy and there are many more here. Too many to list.  CRM on demand we had key wins against Sales Force at General Motors, FAIC, Broadcom, Merck, Avis and Starbucks. Important wins for CRM on premise at U.S. Immigration and Northwestern Mutual. The vertical applications grew well. They actually grew faster than the overall apps number and we saw a rebound in the retail GDU and a big win in communications GDU. Had wins three each against Amdocs, Converse and [Vergence] rebuilding in the quarter. Financial services had wins at Central Bank of UAE, Union Bank of Jordan and National Australia Bank.  An important win at Enterprise Taxation products. We had the state of Nevada select us for unemployment insurance. The way these deals work they take one tax at a time and if we do this one well which we plan to do there will be other taxes that they will migrate to the platform and we will charge for them as well.  On the hardware side of it we are going to start to talk about that as well on these calls. We had a good win with Sun Ray. This is their thin client with one of the branches of the Armed Services which I cannot name but they contracted to deploy high secure, multi-level security solutions with the thin client device. This is just beginning. This is going to be scattered across a distributed Federal network. They have a planned growth across other Command in the architecture over time.  We had a win at One on One Internet, the world’s number one web hosting company based in Germany. That was six M9000’s spark enterprise servers. Mtm Group in Nigeria has 21 countries and 90 million subscribers. A big telco with Sun spark servers and enterprise T-5000’s. Then we had a top ten U.S. bank that has replaced Tandem and HP. That was a replacement there. We had a major financial services company that liked our solid state disk and hyper [to raised]. We replaced EMC there. We actually moved EMV from the supplier list when they saw the performance.  We had a lot of good wins on the service side, and more on the way with the pipeline seems to be there. Lastly I will mention a large U.S. federal agency which you can probably guess that has an M8000 and that will support five million pages of handwritten census data that is currently being collected and is probably in your mailbox right now and converted into digital format using OCR from Sun Servers.  With that we are pretty excited about the pipeline and what is happening as you can see. There are lots more out there. I will turn it back over.  
Ken Bond : Thank you Charles. Operator, we will take our first question please. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley. 
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: You mentioned you are ahead of schedule in terms of the execution on Sun. I was hoping maybe you could drill down a bit on where you think you are actually ahead of plan. Now that you are a little bit deeper into the integration where do you see some of the upside opportunities? In particular, what do you think you can do with maintenance revenue in the Sun base? 
Safra Catz :  I think really we are ahead on sort of all fronts operationally. Both our business practices are being adopted really as of day one and just operationally the way we work with our customers has already changed. As you know we have moved to a build to order model versus a build to stock model. We are not encouraging stocking in general even with our resellers such that customers can order exactly the box they want and that way we can optimize for the time it takes them exactly that box. That obviously also reduces any kind of obsolescence or inventory issues for us. That is really in place now for awhile and really moving along very, very quickly.  The regular contractual terms, etc. and the way we are working with our partners many of them recognize that the old model really didn’t work for either them or for customers and surely not for Sun and are very, very open to readjusting those and many of those have already been completely adjusted; faster than I originally expected.  As far as maintenance or product support, it turns out that many of our customers are really in need of a higher quality of support that really only Sun can give them in the Sun/Oracle combination and they are really looking to support, that is both hardware and software integrated more and more. So we are really moving ahead both technically and operationally to be able to deliver a more integrated support model for them. We do expect that customers will be, are very happy to purchase their support directly from Sun and not from others simply because the level of support and engineering support they need really can best, if not only be done by us at Oracle. We expect that to be very significant financially ultimately and that should start in the quarter. 
Lawrence Ellison :  Let me add one thing to that. As Safra said our buckets and processes are now in place. I think one of the more important ones that is in place is we look at margin on every transaction and if the margin is not attractive or worse yet negative which is often the case, by the way, in some of the bids we had in flight for high performance computing centers that we chose not to bid those. We said early on we would not engage in transactions where we lost money. We got out of businesses where we lose money. Again we look at it transaction by transaction. We do look at the long-term and how important is the customer. We might lose a little bit of money on the first sale but some of these huge high performance computing transactions add to our revenue but detract from our profits and we have a process now that identifies those and we walk away from them. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Difucci - J.P. Morgan.
John Difucci - J.P. Morgan: I want to make sure my math is right here. You said that the Oracle only software license grew about 10% constant currency and it sounds like you had about 5% foreign exchange benefit so you get about 5% constant currency growth from the Oracle only software license. That was versus the minus 8 to plus 2. I just want to make sure I got that right. Is that correct? 
Safra Catz :  It is 10% as reported so you need to take away I think it was five points of currency and license so it would be five points of constant currency. 
John Difucci - J.P. Morgan: On the guidance you said that in [extremes] the lower close rates than you typically see in the fourth quarter. I am curious were the close rates you experienced in the third quarter lower than you typically see? We were hearing sort of mixed messages out there about the macro economy. It still doesn’t seem like it is very easy out there but curious what kind of close rates did you see in the third quarter? 
Safra Catz :  Actually in Q3 we were really flat to last year’s close rates. We actually are seeing some pretty optimistic customers. Our pipeline is very big and the close rates I am using really are conservative and they are particularly conservative because as you know Q4 at Oracle is always a very big quarter and because the reps are all motivated to close as much as they can for their comp plan. So I just thought we might as well go with a reasonably conservative close rate but a potentially realistic one. We are actually quite optimistic about our customer’s appetites for our products. I am not going to comment on the whole economy. I don’t know the whole economy but we do find a lot of enthusiasm with our customers and deals do look like they are very good size in general. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Sara Friar - Goldman Sachs. 
Sara Friar - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for splitting out the revenue impact. I know you didn’t give the exact cost breakout but could you give us some sense of whether to cost of Sun ended up ahead of revenue just to give us a view of how to think about the full quarter that is coming up when we will see Sun from both a revenue and a cost perspective? 
Safra Catz :  Actually the reason we didn’t give you a breakout is we really merged these companies fast. We just closed those and any kind of breakout would be really an allocation of a lot of different things. I will tell you the best way for you to judge what is going to happen is both to use our guidance and also to really look at what Q4 was. This Q3 if you think about it, it was February. By the time everybody knew where the water fountain was it was half way through February. So there is no way to extrapolate from this Q3 anywhere. Breaking it out is really not possible. You know us. We start integrating right away. Everybody is an Oracle employee as much as possible.  Obviously selling hardware has lower gross margins than selling software regardless. There is no way to compare it. Our expenses are not a big number in comparison to our revenues so operating margins at least for awhile will be lower and you can figure that out from the guidance. Expenses grow quickly. But our revenues are growing quickly also and we will be able to really better extrapolate after you see Q4 frankly. 
Sara Friar - Goldman Sachs: If I could ask a more product related question around Exadata, the goal there is it to replace kind of current data warehousing implementation or how do you go beyond the big data warehousing implementation into kind of a more broad deployment in someone’s IT environment? 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  Stage I or version one of Exadata was really aimed at teradata and [inaudible] and really the specialist data companies that focused on building custom hardware designed to tackle large scale data warehouse. That was Exadata version one. Exadata version two handles not only data warehouses but also handles transaction processing. We added a lot of Flash memory into it and we are going to have new Exadata models. I don’t want to preannounce anything. We are going to get better and better at very large scale transaction processing.  Our intent is that the Exadata line challenge the biggest IBM P-series machines and beat them badly in performance, reliability and cost. We think we can do that in transaction processing we are twice as fast and in data warehousing we are ten times as fast. So twice as fast as IBM’s biggest, best box and again at a dramatically lower price. The answer is all database applications ultimately are best served when they run on an Exadata machine. Everything. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Bill Winslow – Credit Suisse. 
Bill Winslow – Credit Suisse : You all reported pretty impressive return to growth in the application license revenue line. I am wondering if you could give us more of a sense of what you believe is driving that? Is it the core ERP, CRM, HCN applications? What are we seeing at apps? Is there anything across geographies you see different in the app space? 
Lawrence Ellison :  I am going to answer and then let Charles add to that. One is I think our vertical strategy is working extremely well. We are winning large deals in retail, large deals in banking and large deals in telecommunications. That is driving a lot of ERP and CRM applications with them. We are doing well in pharma. There are bunch of industries. Healthcare in general. There are a bunch of industries where we are very, very strong and we have applications that SAP simply does not have.  One of our strategies was to beat SAP in CRM which we do and then beat SAP in industry specific vertical applications. For example, a telecommunications company has applications where you call up AT&T and you turn on your iPhone and you want to turn on interactive TV. Well that is provisioning software. When you provision an application in a lot of telco’s, when you provision an applications that is the Oracle software that is compartmentally turning on those services for you. SAP has nothing like that.  When you receive your bill that is an Oracle application that is sending you the bill. SAP has nothing like that. When you deposit money in your savings account that is an Oracle banking application that keeps track. SAP doesn’t have that. I can go on and on in a variety of industries where we have industry functionality that they don’t have. That gives us opportunities that are simply not available to them. We also sell these applications a piece at a time rather than a big rip and replace strategy. So when people aren’t doing big ERP buys or by the way ERP is a rather mature market. We think we are competing very well in ERP. It is a mature market and SAP is to some degree saturated. SAP is not a diversified company in terms of their application suite. They don’t have a lot of what you are calling edge applications. They don’t have a lot of industry specific applications. Their technology is fraying around the edges.  Some of it is our good execution I think and some of it is problems at SAP. We were up 26% in ERP. I suspect that is a lot better than what SAP is seeing. So we are taking advantage and our strategy I think is working. We are taking advantage of their weakness. And we think we are going to get stronger while they get weaker. I am sorry to go on for so long but their strategy right now is to try to sell ERP to customers with less than 100 employees. That is their new strategy. Business by design which has been I guess three years late. By the way, if it is successful you can’t make a lot of money selling ERP to companies with less than 100 people.  We think that is a strategy that goes nowhere. It is a different technology than they currently sell. It is a different sales force. It is a different customer than they currently sell to. We think it is a massive distraction for them. Our strategy is not to find all new customers. But to sell more to existing customers. Sell industry specific apps to existing customers. Sell technology upgrades to existing customers. We think they have made a fundamental strategic mistake. We think they have lost their way and if they don’t want to be number one we sure do. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini – ISI. 
Heather Bellini - ISI: I just have a question in terms of you shrinking the Sun footprint which you have spent some time discussing in the prepared remarks. I am trying to get a sense for have we seen the biggest rationalization of the product line at this point or are you going to see further partnerships like the Hitachi deal that still hasn’t kind of worked their way out of the rest yet? I guess I am trying to get a sense for the pace of the business going forward. 
Safra Catz :  First of all I want to make sure you understand that the Sun product line continues in its current form. There is no cutting back on the Sun product line beyond where we are at. Those products are actually expanding. We have some incredible products coming up. The focus of Oracle and the Oracle/Sun combination is on reselling our intellectual property. So if you understand that then you realize in most places, there are certain areas in which obviously we have components from third parties in our equipment and all that but the real value is in our intellectual property and the way we bring it all together, etc.  That is the focus of the company. We do resell some other folks’ products. We are still winding down the resale of the Hitachi storage servers. Obviously we are very focused on our customers and for those there will be a very steady wind down period. We are managing those together with Hitachi who has been a very long partner of Oracle and Sun and things are going very well there. The big focus of selling other people’s storage servers, that focus is really going to be going onto some of our own products that we talked about already.  That is already in place. There are a few other reselling of other people’s software and things like that and as you know that is not what we focus on here at Oracle. So most of it is already disappearing outside of our sales. Again, don’t extrapolate anything from the month of February. Really, we will start to look at this more carefully and really spend some time to get a sense of what our business looks like after Q4. 
Lawrence Ellison :  Let me add just a little bit to that. We didn’t add much value selling Hitachi systems and we added no value making them money. So Hitachi is a fine product and Hitachi should sell it. Anyone who wants to sell it should sell it. Not us. We don’t make any money selling that. What do we make money selling? Our own storage. We have the NFS supplies ultimately the Sun 7000. We have our own storage server. Sun used to resell Veritas backup. Terrific product. We make them money reselling that product but we add no value so we are out of that business. The Sun businesses however we are expanding. We are expanding on the 7000. We are expanding on high performance, high end servers. Sun we are expanding and investing in Solaris and Java. The Sun IP and the Sun products we are expanding in. Where Sun was specifically a distributor of someone else’s intellectual property and lost money doing it we are out of that business. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: On the Sun channel transition from indirect to direct, how are you managing through the transition? Secondly, how is Fusion turning back in terms of code readiness, data customer feedback and what is going to be the actual breadth of the product? Is it going to be all the products under the current umbrella or is it going to be a subset? 
Lawrence Ellison :  I will let Charles answer the direct and indirect question or Safra. Let me first answer how does Fusion look. One thing we did not do, we did not make the mistake of trying to get this thing out early. Were we late with Fusion? Yes, we were late. I would much rather be late than deliver a product that isn’t extremely high quality.  Customers have been looking at Fusion. We have a number of large customers lined up to take the product this calendar year. We are again, we have put years and years of effort we have put into writing all of this in Java. Modern architecture. Modern orchestration. I could go on and on. This is 21st century technology. It is really the only application suite. Even SalesForce.com was a late 20th century technology. We think we are going to have huge competitive advantage. Customers like it very much because of the fact it can [inaudible] so they can start to use things to link the different web services together. It isn’t a rip and replace strategy. They can take parts of it at a time and gradually adopt Fusion.  It has a modern web 2.0 user interface. It is low cost to deploy because everything is written…it is one technology stack. Java technology stack on our Fusion Middleware. The customers that have seen it see huge value in the built in business intelligence to VI is not an add on to Fusion. VI is built into Fusion. The application you install at your site is the same as the application you run on a cloud; our cloud or someone else’s.  So it has generated a huge amount of enthusiasm. Customers are preparing their own adoption strategies, plans and schedules. It is all going to happen the second half of this year. Charles on the direct versus indirect? 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  In the Oracle business pre-Sun we ran about 40% and that fluctuates very little quarter to quarter. It has been pretty consistent for a long time. Sun was definitely higher than that. They ran about 65%. We will be shifting that to more direct strategy especially among the largest customers. We think they want and deserve direct relationship with Oracle. That is the best way we can provide the level of service we are anticipating. So incrementally starting this quarter we will be more direct. We want the partners to find new business and not show up in the same accounts all the time. So they get sales calls as we call them and shift away from fulfillment and expand the market. So we are going to direct them into the market and into areas where we don’t have good coverage.  We are hiring pretty aggressively right now on the high end to make sure we have top 1,000 accounts serviced directly by Oracle reps and by Oracle support and we are also shifting the comp model to pay on a net, in other words Sun paid on gross. So the reps were indifferent whether a partner sold it or we sold it. We have always paid on net, in other words what we get after we pay the partner. That tends to shift things pretty quickly. The partners know that. The reps know that. We have discussed this with them. They know the strategy and so that will start to happen this quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Brent Thill – UBS. 
Brent Thill – UBS : The Americas business did a great job outpacing Europe. Can you give us a sense in terms of what you are looking at for a recovery in Europe in the second half? Do you expect this to be slower or snap back at a similar pace we saw in the Americas? 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  Europe tends to be more slow both in the downturn and the recovery. So they held up a little longer. You will recall that business there even with the U.S. was turning down we kept clicking along in Europe for 2-3 more quarters. So it does tend to take more time and more decentralized and a little slower but the pipelines are growing there so we expect gradual improvement in EMEA as well. 
Brent Thill – UBS : You mentioned ULA a number of times. I am curious if you see the environment stabilizing or are you seeing more customers coming back to ULA? If you could tie that into the apps business. Are you starting to see some of these broader deployments rather than just kind of piece mail decisions that are being made in division? Is that perhaps driving the better than expected growth in apps? 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  That is helping. We are also seeing ULA’s across multiple product categories. That includes Middleware and apps on the same deal. We have learned how to structure those. The other area is in Europe where uptake on ULA’s wasn’t as quick again because it is so decentralized. We are starting to see them get their act together and see the benefits of doing it all on one contract. So the ULA’s are picking up internationally as well. 
Operator:  With that we will conclude the question and answer session. I will turn things back over to management. 
Ken Bond :  Thank you operator. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. The replay number is 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and the pass code is 7845753. Also a webcast replay will be available through the close of market on April 1. It can be found on our website at www.oracle.com/investor. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you all for joining us on today’s conference call. With that I will turn the call back to the operator for closing. 
Operator:  Thank you very much. Once again ladies and gentlemen that will conclude today’s call. Thank you very much for joining us. Have a good day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-12-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Investor Relations Jeffrey E. Epstein - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Safra A. Catz - President, Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Director Charles E. Phillips Jr. - President, Director
Analysts: Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Sara Friar - Goldman Sachs John Difucci - J.P. Morgan Heather Bellini - ISI Israel Hernandez – Barclays Capital  Brent Thill – UBS  Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Welcome to today's Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations for Oracle. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond:  Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Oracle's second quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. I am Ken Bond, Vice President Investor Relations and with us on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President, Safra Catz; President, Charles Phillips and Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Epstein.   As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, these statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today.   Throughout today's discussion we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially effect these forward-looking statements. We would encourage you to review our most recent reports on forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or our market price of our stock. As a result we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinion only as of today and as a reminder, we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.   A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our website at www.oracle.com/investor.  We will begin with a few prepared remarks before taking questions from the audience. In today’s conference call we will only be discussing Oracle’s Q2 of fiscal year 2010 results. With that I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Epstein for his opening remarks. Jeff?  
Jeffrey Epstein:  Thank you, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. I will review our non-GAAP financial results focusing on constant currency growth rates unless otherwise stated.  First, a note about foreign exchange rate movements. In September we told you that using then current exchange rates would increase our Q2 revenue growth by four points compared to constant currency. During the second quarter the US dollar weakened compared to last Q2, increasing our international revenues, expenses and profits when measured in US dollars. As a result, currency movements increased new license revenues by 7%; total revenues by 5%; net income by 7% and earnings per share by 7% or $0.02 per share compared to Q2 of last year.  Now let’s review the income statement. In the second quarter our new software license revenues were $1.7 billion, down 5% in constant currency and up 2% in US dollars. The Americas grew 1%. EMEA was down 11% and Asia declined 8%. Technology new license revenues were $1.2 billion, down 5% in constant currency and up 1% in US dollars. The Americas grew 2%. EMEA was down 10% and Asia declined 10%.  Applications new license revenues were $478 million, down 3% from last year on a constant currency basis and up 2% in US dollars. The Americas grew 1%. EMEA was down 14% and Asia was up 2%. Our software license updates and product support revenues were $3.3 billion, up 7% in constant currency and up 11% in US dollars. These revenues are annual fees that customers pay to receive updated versions of enhancements to their existing products.  Our services revenues were $958 million, down 19% in constant currency and down 15% in US dollars. Our total revenues were $5.9 billion, down 2% in constant currency and up 3% in US dollars.  Operating income was $2.9 billion, up 3% in constant currency and up 9% in US dollars. Our non-GAAP operating margin grew by 280 basis points to 49% in US dollars. This is the highest Q2 operating margin in Oracle’s history as a public company and further demonstrates the success of our operating model. Our tax rate for Q2 was 27.4%. Our Q2 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.39, $0.03 above the high end of our EPS guidance range of $0.35 to $0.36. This was up 8% in constant currency and up 15% in US dollars. Our non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.02 lower had foreign exchange rates remained the same as they were in Q2 of last year.  In Q2 we repurchased 11.6 million shares at an average price of $21.65 per share for a total of $253 million. As we have previously discussed, the rate of our stock buyback will fluctuate each quarter taking into account alternative uses for our cash and our stock price.  Turning to the balance sheet we have $20.8 billion in cash and investments including funds put aside to complete the Sun transaction once all necessary approvals have been obtained. Our day sales outstanding improved again this quarter from 52 days last year to 47 days this year, a testament to the quality of our receivables, the quality of our customers and the effectiveness of our collection efforts.  We generated $8.4 billion in free cash flow during the last four quarters, growing 11% over the same period last year. This is the highest Q2 free cash flow results in Oracle’s history. Now I will turn the call over to Safra. 
Safra Catz :  Thanks Jeff. As you can see we had another excellent quarter and we delivered these results against a big Q2 last year. We exceeded the high point of our new license guidance, beat the high end of our total revenue guidance, beat the high end of our EPS guidance by a full $0.03 and of course we delivered the highest Q2 operating margin in our history, substantially higher than all our peers.  The strength in the quarter was very broad based, across all product lines and as usual the quarter was not dependent upon any unusually large deals. Once again we grew faster than SAP in every region around the world, clearly taking market share as they have essentially come apart at the seams. Our applications business is growing while theirs continues to shrink at a double digit pace.  Let me turn for a moment to our acquisition of Sun Microsystems. I know most of today’s call is about Oracle stand-alone I will make just a couple of comments about Sun. As you heard earlier this week we expect a full and unconditional clearance from the European Commission in January. I want to thank all of our customers for the overwhelming support they have given us during this process.  I want to especially thank the hundreds of customers who shared their views with the European Commission and the many customers and user groups who volunteered to attend the oral hearing last week and especially those who ultimately came to testify including the U.K. Atomic Weapons Establishment, Ericsson, Vodafone, BBVA, Sabre Holdings, [Polao], Carnegie Melon University, the U.K.’s Department of National Health Services and the Independent and U.K. user groups.  In addition, I want to thank the over 60 United States Senators who recognize the importance of this matter and the United States Department of Justice who shared their views with the European Commission. Last but not least I want to thank Oracle and Sun employees and especially the transaction teams including our tireless advisors on the ground for getting this to a just result.  My guidance today does not include any exceptions from our pending acquisition of Sun Microsystems. We do still expect that Sun will contribute $1.5 billion in non-GAAP operating income in our first full fiscal year of owning Sun. After we close the transaction we will share our detailed guidance with you as soon as we can.  Now let me turn to the guidance without Sun for now. We believe the guidance I am giving today is realistic. I want to emphasize our pipelines continue to be very strong and the close rates I am assuming are more conservative than typical Q3 close rates. For the coming quarter, assuming that exchange rates remain at current levels, we expect there to be an almost 8% positive currency effect on license growth rates and an almost 7% effect on total revenue growth rates but of course that is likely to change.  With that, our guidance for Q3 is as follows: New software license revenue growth is expected to range from negative 1% to positive 9% at current exchange rates and negative 8% to positive 2% in constant currency. Total revenue growth on a non-GAAP basis is expected to range from positive 3% to positive 6% at current exchange rates and negative 3% to flat in constant currency.  On a GAAP basis we expect total revenue from positive 4 to positive 7 at current exchange rates and negative 2 to positive 1 in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.36 to $0.38 assuming current exchange rates, up from $0.35 last year and from $0.33 to $0.35 in constant currency. GAAP EPS for the third quarter is expected to be $0.26 to $0.28 using current exchange rates and $0.23 to $0.25 assuming constant currency. This guidance assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for Q3 versus 26.6% in Q3 last year. The GAAP tax rate is expected to be 29.3%.  The board again declared a dividend of $0.05 per share. We generated $8.7 billion in operating cash flow over the last 12 months and we are running the business at record margins. We look forward to the completion of the Sun acquisition in January.  With that I will turn it over to Charles for his comments. 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  Thanks Safra. Just a few comments on customers. I first also wanted to recognize the organization for doing a great job. All the regions and GDUs and the supporting organizations. Customers are holding onto their dollars a little tighter these days. These deals are very complex and they don’t happen without people really fighting for them so these guys walk through walls and got a good result.  By product area, database Exadata is on fire, nearly tripled sequentially. The pipelines are growing week to week. We are now having some of the initial customers come back and ask for multiple systems which is always a good sign. The main constraint we have right now is just production capacity the field is fighting for them in each region. It is a red hot product and we expect that to continue to have momentum going forward.  Some key regular database wins in the quarter: [GMAC standard] Oracle database, US Airways, ULA for database rack and portioning. We also had an important release in the quarter I should mention; a new release of Oracle Database Vault. Options generally did well in the quarter. I think this is an important option because this is the product that separates administrative rights from security rights in the database and now it has been certified for SAP so SAP support is now available and that is a big market and we expect that to do well.  In the area of middle ware, we had some wins over Microsoft SharePoint using our product WebCenter and we won and beat them at Bank of the [World] in India and McGill University. On our storage platform National [inaudible] bank standardized on our storage suite as that was a win over Tibco. We had a little bit of an edge there since they are already rolling out FlexCube our core banking product for integration after a 12 week run with the concept they selected this as well.  Business intelligence, CIBC Bank selected us over Cognos. Gilead Sciences used our Dashboard with TD Edwards that they already had installed so we are seeing the uptake of the DI Dashboards there that are customized for our applications start to take off as well. In the area of EPM, good wins at Constellation Brands and Kimberley-Clark. At management we had an interesting win at California Employment and Development Department. They are going to use our Identity Management platform to identify constituencies that both take state unemployment and disability insurance and bring those two agencies together using our IDM.  Applications, we had another release of AIA, our integration architecture platform that was release 2.5 with ten new cross-industry process integration packs, or pips, and six new industry specific pips and now we have about 1,000 enterprise services and 100 enterprise objects. That integration between all of our applications was instrumental in winning at Agilysis and New York State Insurance Fund.  In ERP a good win at Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education across 14 individual universities with the SAP there using People Soft Student demonstrations. In CRM we had good wins at Woolworth’s, Capital One Services and Cummings, Semanta Value Chain planning. We had good winds at Land O Lakes, Ingersoll-Rand, Garden Restaurants. Retail merchandising was installed at [Ritelands] and then General Electric Oil and Gas selected Primavera project management platform as the standard.  We are also moving to a new market. We recently bought a company called Sophoi, which has digital rights management so communications business unit has that product and was able to announce the deal and track for intellectual properties and content online so we had a win at Lexis-Nexis based on that platform. Kind of an incremental market they have to track digital rights and then [bill] for it. They also won at [Air Sale].  Lastly, a couple of wins to mention, Marsh selected us for a new policy administration system and ParAccel for Oracle Argus-Safety to manage their safety and pharmacoviligance process. Those are my comments. 
Lawrence Ellison :  Thank you Charles. Since we are getting closer to closing the Sun deal I want to talk a little bit about our strategy with Sun going forward. What we are not going to do and what we are going to do.  One thing we recognized that Sun just really does not now and is never likely to have the volume to compete in the high volume, low margin business of just selling an Intel server with Windows on it or Linux on it one at a time. We think that high volume, low margin business is a good business as long as you have high volumes. That is something that Dell and HP are very good at and we are going to avoid that business.  Instead, we are pursuing the high value, high performance market. Very large SMP machines like the SPARC Solaris M9000 which we will continue to enhance. We are putting the Solaris as new /cache feature that allows the M9000 to run the Oracle database very, very fast. We will not only be focused on SMP machines which have been around for a long time, though we think those SMP machines are best in class.  We are also going to be building clusters of industry standard machines and SPARC machines. Those clusters are now called private clouds. That is the more fashionable term for clusters. We are using our software, our operating systems, both Solaris and Oracle Enterprise Linux, our virtualization, the ability to dynamically allocate and de-allocate resources which is essential for cloud computing as well as the integrated networking and integrated storage to deliberately complete private cloud to our customers. Our customers will be able to buy high end SMP machines, high performance and high value for high-end private clouds with all of the pieces including processing, storage and networking integrated together with Oracle/Sun software.  We think that will heavily differentiate our offering with the offerings of IBM, HP and Dell. We think we can compete very effectively there and that will deliver high margins and allow us to deliver that $1.5 billion of additional profit in our first full year of having Sun.  With that I guess we are ready to open it up for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley. 
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: My question is about the database business, a relatively material sequential improvement in the growth rates. Could you talk a little bit about the drivers of that improvement in the quarter and in particular touch on ELA renewals and also some of the recent product cycles specifically the middle ware release and the impact on that release on reaccelerating the growth in the database business? 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  I think on the database business people had been putting off some of those ELA decisions and kind of behind on picking up on some of those contracts that happened during the downturn and now some of that is starting to come back. I also think some of the initial work we did on [11G] to get the ISB’s on board takes a little while. That is kicking in as well. So we feel pretty good about the database business and obviously Exadata is helping drive some of that as well. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Sara Friar - Goldman Sachs. 
Sara Friar - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk about linearity in the quarter? Specifically did you see recovery throughout the quarter and hence do you feel like you are entering this February quarter with an ongoing acceleration in spending? Just very briefly on Europe could you talk a little bit about what the lag is to the US that you are seeing? 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  I would say this quarter looked more typical as recent quarters I guess and wasn’t any more back end loaded. I think the other thing to note is as the current quarter has started off in pretty good shape, we always have some deals that spill over but it was a little more pronounced this quarter. So just based on the last month or so it certainly feels better but it doesn’t matter until we close it at the end. What was your second question? 
Sara Friar - Goldman Sachs: On Europe, it seems like it is lagging the US by a quarter or two. Is there any reason why it would lag by more or less than that based on what you are seeing over there right now? 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  That actually has always been the pattern. They tend to turn down six months later and then it takes another six months when the recovery happens as well. Things happen more slowly there. Customers don’t react quite as well. They are not as centralized in their decision making and so that doesn’t surprise me at all. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Difucci - J.P. Morgan
John Difucci - J.P. Morgan: My question has to do with the macro environment. You put up numbers here this quarter that were obviously better than we anticipated and you too. Also you gave guidance here that actually looks pretty good, better than I think we anticipated out here. Just curious, is there truly a recovery happening in a meaningful way or is Oracle…I am trying to get a gauge as to whether or not what is happening out there has more to do with Oracle’s execution which is at least over the last several years head and shoulders above many of your competitors or is this a rising tide that may be listing all ships at least in this quarter and into the near future? 
Safra Catz :  From where we sit it is very hard to tell. Obviously we are definitely seeing customers back buying with extremely wide spread. No giant deals of any sort but lots of very nice sized transactions for every size of company. So we are really seeing a recovery. Now it is true that our execution, our teams are doing very, very well. The products are very, very, very strong and so I think what is happening is we are clearly winning at the expense of others but we do also see the environment significantly improving. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini – ISI. 
Heather Bellini - ISI: I was wondering, you have been talking about how your pipeline has been getting bigger and bigger and after last quarter I would imagine you said the same thing. I guess what I am wondering is in terms of close rates are we starting to see close rates improve and the predictive CIO’s willing to spend their budget improve or is the upside this quarter the fact that after last quarter your pipeline was maybe a little bit bigger than you thought it was going to be and therefore you just hit your close rate target? 
Safra Catz :  It is a little of both. We did better than the close rates I expected. I still wanted to lean to a more conservative close rate for where we are at. The economy is uneven maybe and we just can’t tell what is going to happen going forward. I continued to use a very low close rate and I expect us to be at least there but our pipelines are really growing and there is an enormous amount of heat around the Exadata product which are also those database and storage software. So there is really a lot of good news on the whole product line which is one of the reasons the pipelines are as they are. Charles do you want to add anything to that? 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  The close rates normally in Q3 are a little bit less than Q2 so we plan accordingly. So we haven’t assumed anything heroic and if we do better we do better. The pipelines are growing in each region and certainly the tone of the forecast calls is a little bit better than it was three months ago. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Israel Hernandez – Barclays Capital. 
Israel Hernandez – Barclays Capital : I have a quick question on the vertical market performance. Were there any particular stand outs during the quarter? Did that vary at all by region? Are there any verticals that are seemingly lagging relative to the others? 
Charles Phillips, Jr. :  I would say communications had a good quarter to what they normally do and it is certainly producing a nice pipeline. I would say there is a good pipeline for financial services. The banks held back for awhile but based on the pipeline of what is already closing for the first few weeks of the quarter even the banks seem to be coming back. So it is uneven because I would say retail probably had a tough time six months ago but their pipeline has come back as well and they have closed a deal already in the first few weeks of this quarter; a fairly sizeable one. If that is any indication on how the first few weeks are going, they look better.   
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Brent Thill – UBS. 
Brent Thill – UBS : The maintenance business snapped back pretty nicely. You saw accelerating growth rates in the second quarter. Can you walk us through what you are thinking about for the second half of the maintenance business? If I can just ask Larry and Charles a question on Exadata, I think you mentioned you are somewhat capacity constrained. Can you give us a sense of how big you think this business can be? I know you are not going to give us exact numbers but any way you can shape this business or more metrics you think you will give us going forward that would be great. 
Lawrence Ellison :  Well, we think the Exadata business is going to be huge. By huge, billions of dollars a year in new systems sales not including the maintenance on those systems. How long it takes us to get there remains to be seen. Our overall view of the computer industry is we have been selling components to large customers and the components have been hiring system integrators to glue those components together into complete systems.  Our overall strategy going forward as I mentioned earlier, as a preamble to your question, is not to sell these individual industry-standard components on their own but rather group them together into machines like Exadata where we have processors, networking, storage, storage software, database software, our Oracle Enterprise Linux operating system, all a complete database machine for both transaction processing and data warehousing.  We think that makes it much easier for the customer. They don’t have do all the system integration. They don’t have to buy a bunch of parts and glue them together but instead they buy the box. It is a high margin product for us and a high value purchase for them because they don’t have to spend a lot of money on system integration. We think that is the way customers are going to go forward as they build their data centers; not buying components but buying systems like Exadata.  One of the big reasons we bought Sun is that we wanted to apply that same strategy to middle ware, applications and to the operating systems themselves where we are not going to sell operating systems just for an individual computer but we are going to sell the next generation of Solaris is going to be a cloud addition to Solaris where it manages a group, a cloud, a cluster of these computers that we sell together as a unit. That is highly differentiated, high margin for us and no systems integration required for the customer. How big is that business? We think that is what the computer business is going to look like for large customers going forward. We think that is billions and billions of dollars. That is our business in the future. 
Safra Catz :  Regarding your maintenance question, our software updates and support obviously that is really our subscribers. Those are our users and they are paying for both support and the right to receive without buying the new licenses or new products. That is a number that is always going to go up because customers feel they are getting fantastic value for it. The second half of the year frankly there is no point in going into too much detail on any of the numbers because within the month frankly we will be giving you new guidance that will include the software parts and of course the hardware parts from Sun Microsystems. So all of you are going to have to redo all of your models at that point. You should expect maintenance for us is really who our customers are and they are renewing at record rates because they are very satisfied with our products and we are advancing just so quickly right now. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch.  
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: My question is on fusion applications, later for some time in 2010 for sale, the management team talked and demo’d the apps in the conference and it looked really good. I was wondering if you have given any thought to how the applications market landscape in the next several years might be disrupted or maybe it is not all that disrupted? How do you look at the applications industry over the next years and what kind of opportunity does fusion applications open up for you? 
Lawrence Ellison :  I think the big thing for us is we design fusion applications as components. It is a service oriented architecture and it is componentized. Things like order orchestration could be delivered to a customer. My favorite example, Hewlett Packard, which has a lot of orders and takes orders a lot of places in their company. We can coordinate those orders and then deliver them to the different fulfillment centers inside of Hewlett Packard. So all of our fusion apps are componentized and so it is not a rip and replace sales strategy we have with fusion. We can go in and sell you a lot of point solutions. We can sell you a specific application like order orchestration that integrates with your existing SAP systems and your existing Oracle systems and your existing JD Edwards systems and your existing People Soft systems.  So we can do a complete replacement over time and that is our plan but that is going to be a long period of time for a lot of companies. We want them to start with some of the fusion components like order orchestration, like some of our interesting HR incentive management systems. We have a long list of things. They will buy them a piece at a time but they are designed to be easily integrated with what they already have. We think that is going to allow us to sell fusion aggressively out of the box and increase our share as compared with SAP over time. 
Operator:  This does conclude the question and answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ken Bond for any additional or closing remarks. 
Ken Bond :  Thank you. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. The replay number is 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and the pass code is 7845753. Also a webcast replay will be available through the close of market on December 28th and can be found on our website at www.oracle.com/investors. Please call the investor relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thank you all for joining us today on today’s conference call. With that I will turn the call back to the operator for closing. 
Operator:  This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-09-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Investor Relations Jeffrey E. Epstein - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Safra A. Catz - President, Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Director Charles E. Phillips Jr. - President, Director
Analysts:  John Difucci - J.P. Morgan Sara Friar - Goldman Sachs Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Heather Bellini - ISI Joel Fishbein - Lazard Capital Markets Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch 
Operator:  Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation first quarter fiscal year 2010 conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations for Oracle. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Kristen and good afternoon everyone and welcome to Oracle's first quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. I’m Ken Bond, Vice President Investor Relations and with us on the call today are Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison; President Safra Catz; President Charles Phillips; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Epstein.  As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, these statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today.  Throughout today's discussion we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially effect these forward-looking statements. As a result we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinion only as of today.  And as a reminder, we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  We would encourage you to review our most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may cause our future results or the market price of our stock.   A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our website at www.oracle.com/investor. We’ll begin with a few prepared remarks but before we do take questions from the audience, we want to remind everybody that we will only be discussing Oracle’s Q1 of fiscal year 2010 results.  With that I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Epstein for his opening remarks. Jeff.
Jeffrey E. Epstein: Thank you, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. I will review our non-GAAP financial results, focusing on constant currency growth rates, unless otherwise stated.  First a note about foreign exchange rate movements -- in June, we told you that using then current exchange rates would reduce our Q1 revenue growth by 5 points compared to constant currency. During the first quarter, the U.S. strengthened again compared to last Q1, further reducing our international revenues, expenses, and profits when measured in U.S. dollars. As a result, currency movements reduced new license revenues by 3%, total revenues by 5%, net income by 4%, and earnings per share by 5% or $0.02 per share compared to Q1 of last year.  Now let’s review the income statement. In the first quarter, our new software license revenues were $1.0 billion, down 14% in constant currency and down 17% in U.S. dollars. The Americas declined 5%, EMEA was down 20%, and Asia declined 22%.  Technology new license revenues were $711 million, down 19% in constant currency and down 22% in U.S. dollars. The Americas declined 11%, EMEA was down 26% and Asia declined 22%.  Applications new license revenues were $317 million, unchanged from last year on a constant currency basis, and down 4% in U.S. dollars. The Americas grew by 6%, EMEA was up 3%, and Asia declined 23%.  Our software license updates and product support revenues were $3.1 billion, up 8% in constant currency and up 3% in U.S. dollars. These revenues are annual fees customers pay to receive updated versions of and enhancements to their existing products. Our services revenues were $909 million, down 18% in constant currency and down 22% in U.S. dollars. Our total revenues were $5.1 billion, down 2% in constant currency and down 7% in U.S. dollars. Operating income was $2.3 billion, up 11% in constant currency and up 7% in U.S. dollars. Our non-GAAP operating margin grew by 570 basis points to 46% in U.S. dollars. This is the highest Q1 operating margin in Oracle's history as a public company and further demonstrates the success of our operating model.  Our tax rate was 28.0%, which is below our guidance of 29% due largely to lower than expected interest income, which is generally taxed in jurisdictions with higher rates.  Our Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.30, at the mid-point of our EPS guidance range of $0.29 to $0.31. This was up 8% in constant currency and up 3% in U.S. dollars. Our non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.02 higher had foreign exchange rates remained the same as they were in Q1 of last year. In Q1, we repurchased 11.4 million shares at an average price of $21.24 per share for a total of $243 million. As we have previously discussed, the rate of our stock buy-back will fluctuate each quarter, taking into account alternative uses for our cash and our stock price.  Turning to the balance sheet, we have $20.6 billion in cash and investments. The increase resulted largely from the $4.5 billion debt offering completed early in the quarter and $3.7 billion of operating cash flow generated this quarter. Our days sales outstanding improved again this quarter from 54 days last year to 46 days this year, a testament to the quality of our receivables, the quality of our customers, and the effectiveness of our collection efforts, as well as from product mix and timing benefits. We generated $8.5 billion in free cash flow during the last four quarters, growing 14% over the same period last year. This is the highest free cash flow result in Oracle history.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Safra.
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Jeff. We are pleased with our Q1 results. By substantially improving operating margins, we were able to increase Q1 earning per share even though revenues decreased slightly. We had slower than usual growth in database middleware license revenue in Europe and APAC. This is a result of two factors -- a very tough year-over-year comparison and the impact of some of our software company resellers, most notably SAP, who is selling less database because its applications business is down 40%.  Oracle continues to grow faster than our competitors. In the quarter, we also increased GAAP and non-GAAP operating income by $209 million and $144 million respectively over last year’s first quarter and we delivered the highest Q1 non-GAAP operating margin in our history, 46%, substantially higher operating margins than our peers. I want you to understand that though keeping expenses in check is part of our margin story, the real contributor is that as license updates and product support are a larger percentage of the quarter as they were in this quarter, the operating margin percentage goes up. This is clear as our software license update and product support revenues, which were over $3.1 billion this quarter, continued to grow off their very large base. Our customer renewal rates and satisfaction levels continue at record highs.  The currency headwind was reduced significantly over Q4, though still reduced new software licenses and software license updates and product support growth rates by 3 and 5 percentage points respectively.  Now let me turn to guidance -- for the coming quarter, using current exchange rates, here will be 5% positive currency effect on the license growth rate and a 4% positive effect on total revenue growth rates, a positive 5% effect on net income growth rate, and a positive $0.02 per share effect on earnings. Now, we believe that the guidance I am giving today is realistic given our tough year-ago comparison as our license revenues continue to grow while the world economy struggles. Specifically, I want to remind you that last year in Q2, while the market environment was very poor, many of our competitors shrank significantly while we continued to grow.  Last year, our new licenses grew 5% in constant currency and software updates and product support grew 20% in constant currency. As a result, unlike our peers, we have a difficult comparison in Q2 this year while they have their easy ones.  I want to emphasize that our pipelines continue to grow and the close rates I am assuming are significantly more conservative than typical Q2 close rates. Now, my guidance today does not include any assumptions from our pending acquisition of Sun Microsystems. I have no additional information regarding the timing of the deal, as the closing of the transaction is conditioned on getting the necessary regulatory approval. We are still quite confident that we will increase operating income earnings by $1.5 billion in the first full year after the close of the merger. We will give much more detail after the merger closes.  In addition, Q2 we have extra interest expense amounting to a bit less than $0.01 per share for the quarter since we did a bond offering to pay for the transaction and it has not closed yet.  With that, our guidance for Q2 is as follows -- at current exchange rates, non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $0.35 and $0.36, up from $0.34 last year and GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be $0.26 to $0.27, up from $0.25 last year.  Total non-GAAP revenue is expected to range from positive 2% to negative 1% year over year at current exchange rates and negative 2 to negative 5 in constant currency.  Total GAAP revenue is expected to range from positive 3% to flat year over year at current exchange rates and negative 1 to negative 4% in constant currency.  New software license revenues and other are expected to range from negative 10 to flat at current exchange rates and negative 15 to negative 5 in constant currency.  This guidance assumes a tax rate of 28.5 for Q2 versus 28 in Q1 and this could turn out differently based on many factors. As you know, currencies are likely to fluctuate and as a result, the currency impact in Q2 could be different than our guidance assumes.  With that, I will turn it over to Larry.   
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Everyone knows that last year, Oracle introduced its first hardware product, the Exadata database machine. Version 1 on Exadata was designed for data warehousing and our customer experience, and we have a lot of Exadata customers, our customer experience is that Exadata runs an Oracle data warehouse someplace between 10 and 50 times faster than the Oracle database running on a conventional computer from IBM, Hewlett-Packard, or somebody else, so that’s a huge difference. I mean, our very first hardware product delivered a minimum of 10 times speed-up in data warehousing applications all the way to a 50 times speed-up. And when we announced that product, and up until yesterday, Exadata version 1 was the world’s fastest machine for data warehousing. Yesterday Oracle and Sun introduced Exadata version 2, hardware by Sun; software by Oracle. Exadata version 2 is at least twice as fast as Exadata version 1 for data warehousing. Even more importantly, Exadata version 2 also runs OLTP or online transaction processing applications. There are only two classes of application for databases, OLTP and data warehousing. And Exadata does them both. No other database machine runs online transaction processing except Exadata.  The Oracle Sun announcement included faster CPUs by 80%, doubling the speed of our [inaudible] internal network; fast discs with double the capacity; plus most importantly, a memory hierarchy made up of 400 gigabytes of VRAM and 5 terabytes of flash storage, Sun flash fire technology, in a single Exadata cabinet.  Now, our OLTP performance when you compare it with the fastest OLTP machine out there, IBM’s fastest computer, two Exadata cabinets are as fast as IBM’s fastest computer at one less -- less than one quarter the price. So -- and eight Exadata cabinets are four times faster than IBM’s fastest OLTP machine. So take your pick -- either for the same dollars you can get four times the performance using Oracle Exadata versus IBM or for the -- or if you want to save the money for less than a quarter of the price, you can get the same performance as IBM’s fastest machine for OLTP.  In data warehousing, the advantage is even larger. In data warehousing, I mentioned earlier that Oracle Exadata version 2 is at least twice as fast as Exadata version 1, the previous world record holder for data warehousing performance. Oracle Exadata -- I should say Sun Oracle Exadata version 2 is five times faster than Teradata, five times faster than [N-Pisa], and 20 times faster than IBM’s fastest computer for data warehousing.  So we have spectacular data warehousing performance, world record level OLTP performance, all in the same computer. And unlike the earlier versions of Exadata, version 1 of Exadata, we have models starting as low as $100,000 and going all the way up into multi-million dollar systems. We are price competitive in terms of performance, we are price competitive in terms of disc capacity. Exadata version 2 simply stated is by far the fastest and most cost-effective machine in the world for both data warehousing and online transaction processing. We are very excited about the Sun Oracle partnership.  With that, I will turn it over to Charles. 
Charles E. Phillips Jr.: Thanks, Larry. Larry mentioned some of the new technologies around Exadata. I think what we saw in the quarter were some of the growth in databases in terms of size that are driving the demand for that. Let me give you a few examples of customers we worked with in the quarter.  AC Neilsen, for instance, we deployed a 45-terabyte data [mart], they called it; Adidas, 13 terabytes; Australian Bureau of Statistics, 250 terabytes; and of course, some of our high-end ones that you have probably heard of in the past, AT&T, 250 terabytes; Yahoo!, 700 terabytes -- just gives you an idea of the size of the databases that are out there and how they are growing, and that’s driving the need for greater throughput.  We had some important new wins in the quarter as well, some end-to-end standardization decisions at [Metsui] Securities, Rent-a-Center, University of Kansas, and EMC.  In terms of new products in the database area, the key announcement a couple of weeks ago was Oracle Database 11G release 2. The reason that’s important, it introduces the concepts of server pools, which can dynamically assign resources to workloads, and more importantly an intelligent installer for [RATT], so it’s 40% fewer steps to install our clustering product. That’s a key add-on product, key option for us. It’s always been difficult to install and get up and running and now we’ve resolved that issue, that makes it applicable for a lot more customers.  In the middleware area, we announced in July the 11G version of our middleware suite. Why that’s important is that is the first full complete integration of the BEA products and so we had a big launch over 40 cities worldwide, 44 new ISPs have signed up 95 applications have been adopted. We trained over 2700 consultants on it, so we are continuing to roll that out as we speak. That’s important because it gives us a cross-selling opportunity into the BEA installed base. We landed those deals at Vanderbilt University, China Mobile Telecom, Scottish Government, [Aquatel], and Carnegie Mellon on that basis.  Moving on to some other key areas of middleware wins, Hyperion Enterprise performance management, we had a big win at Liz Claiborne. Business intelligence, Whetherford, and Pattison -- the reason I mention those is we are starting to get wins around our BI apps. What that means is not only do we have the BI platform but we have developed a series of applications that are dashboards around certain business processes and applications like supply chain analytics and those are driving wins on top of our applications and we get the BI platform as well.  In the application area, we actually did pretty well in the scheme of the entire market. Our main competitor was down 40% last quarter and if you look at how we did, our industry applications actually grew in double-digit and that’s not including the drag of supporting technology and middleware products.  Key wins in the quarter around ERP, [Cross] Fertilizers, replacement of an old ERP system; China Unicom; and CRM on-premise, good wins at Amway, [Green Mountain] Energy, Savings Bank of Russia.  Good quarter in CRM on-demand. We got selected for Hitachi data systems, McGraw-Hill [inaudible], and [inaudible] [Banking] Corporation.  Two quarters ago, Larry mentioned Siemens, which was a big win of 20,000 users and did an update call with them last week just to see how the rollout was going. That rollout was supposed to be over three-and-a-half years. As of last week, we already had 9,000 [inaudible] running ahead of schedule.  Key wins -- [Demantra], [JB Irving], Toshiba, that’s advanced [inaudible] and planning. At our retail GVU, we had a good win at Metro Cash and Carry, a very important win. Metro is the fourth-largest retailer in the world and they are based in Germany. It was head-to-head against SAP. They will be using our retail suite against an SAP back-end, so a very good proof point on how well we are doing in retail.  Additional wins at [Sun Rider] and Magazine Louisa, and Prima Veria project management, end-to-end decision at BG Group, financial services GVU, a good win at overseas Chinese Banking Corp -- they are one of the top three banks in Singapore and they are standardizing on our products for anti-money laundering.  In the communications area, we had a good win at Vodacom. That’s a Vodafone affiliate. We have signed a large ULA with Vodafone end-to-end over all of our applications, including a [inaudible] application last quarter and this is an affiliate taking advantage of that ULA.  [In our tax and utilities JVU], we won the largest utility in Russia and more important, we had a go live on the tax side for the first time in Kentucky for the [coal tax]. This is a new market, it’s important for other states and jurisdictions to see that. We are expecting a go live at the Dutch Tax Authority by the end of the year and that should break open that market, hopefully.  With that, I will turn it back over to Ken for questions. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Charles. Operator, we’d like to open the call for questions, please. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from John Difucci with J.P. Morgan. 
John Difucci - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. It looks like things are a little bit lighter than you expected on the license line this quarter. Can you talk a little bit about the linearity in the quarter? Was it typical linearity? And then if you could, I know it’s early, only a couple of weeks into this quarter, but what the sort of momentum was from the last quarter into the first couple of weeks here?
Safra A. Catz: Sure. Basically the linearity was actually very typical. The biggest part of the lightness, as I said, was that our software ISVs, you know, we suffered as they sold less of their applications, they dragged less database with them. As far as Q2, I think we are pretty well-calibrated. I think we feel actually very good. I think it will be obviously a significantly better quarter than last quarter and you can see that in the guidance so I think we actually have some very good momentum starting the quarter, which is actually in many ways typical because it’s not the summer. So we are very -- we remain very upbeat. 
John Difucci - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Sara Friar with Goldman Sachs. 
Sara Friar - Goldman Sachs: Safra, can I ask you on the sustainability of the margin improvement, clearly in an improving environment we should start to see license revenue as a percentage of total begin to increase again. Do you still think you can put up those types of year-over-year improvements as the environment improves and clearly the maintenance of the portion starts to go down?
Safra A. Catz: Well, there’s two things -- one is the maintenance as a portion in different quarters isn’t as dramatic. The maintenance base, which is existing customers who want the newest version of the software without having to re-buy the whole license again, you know, that base continues to grow period. So that’s obviously one piece.  The other thing is just the general leverage of our business and that is our regular -- you know, revenues do increase and faster than our expenses increase because it’s a business in which scale is a huge advantage. I mean, last year of course we increased 300 plus basis points over the year and though this quarter we increased 500 plus basis points, I wouldn’t expect that every quarter but we do expect margins to continue to improve year over year. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley. 
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. You all have two significant releases on the middleware and the database side that have just hit the marketplace. Can you talk about what you think the potential revenue impact is? And then secondly, with the Sun deal getting pushed out a little bit, I don’t know how much you can say about this but what can you do over the next couple of quarters to continue to move the integration process down the field? Thanks. 
Safra A. Catz: I don’t know who wants to cover that. I can cover the Sun piece. Obviously we continue to do integration planning. That’s what we are allowed to do and Sun historically was a very big partner of Oracle generally and so after the Exadata version 2 announcement yesterday is the perfect example of things we can do together at arm’s length which I think benefit our customers and both companies very well. So we get a better sense of the Sun business and we continue to be able to do what we can at arm’s length. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: I’ll grab the one on the products. We had a new version of our middleware, which actually is the -- we bought a number of middleware companies, obviously, over the years and this new version of our middleware is the result of those teams that we acquired rewriting their applications, their middleware components, rather, so that all the components now work as completely integrated suites. And so all the technology we’ve acquired is now thoroughly integrated into a unified suite of middleware. And we think this gives us a huge advantage over our primary middleware competitor, which is IBM. And we’ve moved over the years from kind of an also-ran in middleware, where we were five, six, or seven, to the leader in middleware right now and we expect to grow our middleware share against IBM very, very rapidly due to the fact that we have a much better product than they do.  And the new release of our middleware really puts some distance between us and IBM on the technology front in middleware. We’ve always -- for a very long time we’ve had the best enterprise database in the world and 11R2 again increases our technology advantage over our primary competitor, which is IBM. And I expect we will continue to take share from IBM, especially as applications continue to move off of mainframe computers and on to open systems, large scale UNIX systems and Linux clusters. So we think we are well-positioned to compete effectively against IBM in the software infrastructure market. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Heather Bellini with ISI. 
Heather Bellini - ISI : Safra, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you saw in Europe last quarter. I know August is always a tough quarter there but I was just wondering if you saw trends worsen as the quarter went on or are you starting to see as you exited the trends starting to improve a little bit? Thank you. 
Safra A. Catz: Well, there’s a couple of things -- as you know, August, the summer in Europe is always not great, though last year we actually had a very, very good summer and so it made the comparison tough. We do actually start to see some of the economies in Europe improve a little bit in just our overall outlook and expectations, so -- but we still have some very tough comparisons but nothing is like the summer is in Europe, so -- and especially after last year where we had a very unusually robust summer, so we -- this will be an improvement. And we do actually see the economies little by little starting to lighten up, which is a good thing. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Joel Fishbein with Lazard Capital. 
Joel Fishbein - Lazard Capital Markets: A quick question on the apps side of the business -- you had a great quarter there, particularly looks like strength in the Americas. Could you just give us a little color on what’s going on there? 
Charles E. Phillips: I think we are definitely taking share from SAP in the Americas and even in Europe, to some extent. They don’t have a vertical strategy that was up in strong double-digits, that drags along some of the other applications and infrastructure as well, and so I just think a lot of the things we’ve been telling you over the last year or so are now coming to fruition, a lot of the integrations we mentioned are shipping now, so they are not things we are just talking about. People can actually buy off-the-shelf integrations. CRM had a very good quarter, both on-premise and on-demand and so our expertise there continues to pay off. 
Operator: We’ll take our final question from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. It looks like your commentary on guidance going into November quarter is quite positive. We are you starting to see some indicators turn here and there, so that’s a good thing. And also just as a note, SAP’s Q4 license revenue, they are usually up a lot, so I wish that you were able to get a slice of the database business in your November quarter but coming to the question part of my rant here, really want to drill into EMEA and Asia-Pac on the technology side. Maybe Safra or Charles or whoever, if you could comment on how tightly the pipeline has been scrubbed to come up with your forecast and to what degree do you think you are [inaudible] the forecast in those two segments, particularly as it relates to tech? And if you can just give us some comfort and color around that area, that would be great. That’s it for me, thanks. 
Charles E. Phillips: Trust me, no one is sticking their neck out on the forecasts in any region right now, so I think the pipelines have been scrubbed and -- I mean, they are real deals and we will just have to see what the close rates turn out to be. 
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, the pipelines are actually growing. I think the guys are a little bit timid in their expectation setting here with us, but the forecasts continue to grow, so -- which is great. So to the extent that they close even a reasonable percentage, we’ll be significantly better off. 
Operator: And this will conclude today’s question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bond for any additional remarks. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Kristen. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. The replay number is 888-203-1112, or 719-457-0820, and the passcode is 6663145. Also a webcast replay will be available through the close of market on September 23rd and can be found on our website at www.oracle.com/investor. Please call the investor relations department with any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking with you. Thank you all for joining us on today’s conference call and with that, I will turn the call back to the operator for closing. 
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today’s conference and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-06-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ken Bond – VP IR Jeff Epstein – CFO Safra Catz – Co-President Larry Ellison – CEO Charles Phillips – Co-President 
Analysts:  Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley  Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs John DiFucci - JPMorgan Brent Thill - Citigroup Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations for Oracle; please go ahead sir.
Ken Bond: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Oracle's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 earnings conference call. I’m Ken Bond, Vice President Investor Relations and with us on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; President, Safra Catz; President, Charles Phillips; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Epstein.  As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future may hold, these statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today.  Throughout today's discussion we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business which may potentially effect these forward-looking statements, as a result we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinion only as of today.  And as a reminder we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publically release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. We would encourage you to review our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, and other supplemental information can be viewed and downloaded from our website at www.oracle.com/investor. We’ll begin with a few prepared remarks before taking questions from the audience. In today’s conference call we will only be discussing Oracle’s Q4 and fiscal 2009 results.  With that I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Epstein for his opening comments.
Jeff Epstein: Thank you Ken and welcome to Oracle. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. I will review our non-GAAP financial results for the fourth quarter, focusing on constant currency growth rates unless otherwise stated.  First a note about foreign exchange rate movements, in March we told you that using then current exchange rates would reduce our Q4 revenue growth by 12 points compared to constant currency. Even though the US dollar weakened from March, the US dollar strengthened compared to Q4 of last year reducing our international revenues, expenses, and profits when measured in US dollars.  As a result currency movements reduced new license revenues by 9%, total revenues by 8%, net income by 11%, and earnings per share by 10% or $0.05 per share compared to Q4 of last year. Now let’s review the income statement, in the fourth quarter our new software license revenues were $2.7 billion, down 4% in constant currency and down 13% in US dollars.  EMEA grew 2%, Asia grew 3%, and the Americas were down 12%. Technology new license revenues were $1.9 billion, down 1% in constant currency and down 10% in US dollars. EMEA grew 1%, Asia grew 5%, and the Americas were down 6%.  Our BEA products, which have now been technically integrated with Oracle’s Fusion Middleware, packaged into unified suites and are sold off the same price list, accounted for $201 million of our Q4 new license revenues based on our internal allocations which are consistent with previous quarters.  Applications new license revenues were $805 million, down 11% in constant currency and down 19% in US dollars. EMEA grew 5%, Asia fell 4%, and the Americas were down 22%. Our software license updates and product support revenues were $3.1 billion, up 17% in constant currency and up 7% in US dollars.  These revenues are annual fees that customers pay to receive updated versions of and enhancements to their existing products. Our services revenues were $1.1 billion, down 7% in constant currency and down 16% in US dollars.  Our total revenues were $6.9 billion, up 3% in constant currency which is above the high end of our constant currency guidance range of plus 2% to minus 3% and down 5% in US dollars.  Operating income was $3.5 billion, up 9% in constant currency and down 1% in US dollars. Our non-GAAP operating margin grew by 240 basis points to 51% in US dollars. This is the highest operating margin in Oracle’s history as a public company and further demonstrates the success of our operating model.  Our tax rate was 31.3% which is higher then our guidance of 28% due largely to a one-time expense from a recent federal tax ruling involving Xilinx and the allocation of stock option expense deductions. Our Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.46, at the high end of our EPS guidance range of $0.42 to $0.46.  This was up 9% in constant currency and down 1% in US dollars. Our non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.05 higher had foreign exchange rates remained the same as they were in Q4 of last year.  In Q4 we repurchased 14.0 million shares at an average price of $17.85 per share for a total of $250 million. And for the full year we repurchased 226 million shares at an average price of $17.53 per share for a total of nearly $4 billion.  As we have previously stated the rate of our stock buyback will fluctuate each quarter taking into account alternative uses for our cash and our stock price. Now turning to our full year results for fiscal 2009, new software license revenues were $7.1 billion, up 1% in constant currency and down 5% in US dollars.  EMEA grew 6%, Asia grew 7%, and the Americas were down 4%. Technology new license revenues were $5.1 billion, up 7% in constant currency and flat in US dollars. Applications new license revenues were $2.0 billion, down 10% in constant currency and down 16% in US dollars.  Software license updates and product support revenues totaled $12.0 billion, up 19% in constant currency and up 14% in US dollars. Our total revenues were $23.5 billion, up 10% in constant currency and up 4% in US dollars.  Operating income was $10.9 billion, up 19% in constant currency and up 12% in US dollars. Our non-GAAP operating margin grew by 350 basis points to 46% in US dollars. Our fiscal 2009 non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.44, up 19% in constant currency and up 11% in US dollars.  Our non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.11 higher had foreign exchange rates remained the same as they were last year.  Turning to the balance sheet we have $12.6 billion in cash and investments. Our days sales outstanding improved again this quarter from 63 days last year to 58 days this year, a testament to the quality of our receivables, the quality of our customers, and the effectiveness of our collection efforts, as well as from foreign exchange and product mix benefits.  We generated $7.7 billion in free cash flow during fiscal 2009 growing 8% in US dollars over the same period last year. Now I’ll turn the call over to Safra. 
Safra Catz : Thanks Jeff, well we’re obviously pleased with our Q4 results and with our exceptional performance throughout the year. In constant dollars we beat the top end of our new license guidance, we beat the high end of our total revenue guidance, and we delivered the highest Q4 operating margin in our history crossing the 50% mark for the first time.  Once again we grew margins and revenues substantially faster then our peers. We grew faster then SAP in every region around the world including its home base of Europe where our applications business grew 5% in constant currency versus negative 27% for SAP’s most recent quarter.  Our software license updates and product support revenues grew 17% in constant currency, up an enormous [inaudible] as our customer renewal rates and satisfaction levels continue at record highs. Even though the dollar strengthened a bit towards the end of the quarter it still resulted in a nine point currency headwind for new license compared to a seven point tailwind last year which is a 16 point shift year over year as the result of currency and [inaudible] the story for us.  This fiscal year clearly demonstrates the strength of our diversified portfolio of enterprise software products, the breadth, and loyalty of our huge customer base, and the strength of our operating results. The fact is we have a lot of company specific momentum.  We really executed well throughout the year and exceeded our own expectations quarter after quarter and of course we surpassed 50% margins and we announced our first dividend so its been a great year.  Now let me turn to guidance, now my guidance today does not include any assumptions from our pending acquisition of Sun Microsystems and though we do expect to close Sun during the quarter, the timing is subject to getting all the necessary approvals.  For the coming quarter [inaudible] exchange rates remain at current rates, there will be a 4% negative currency effect on license growth rates, a 5% negative effect on total revenue growth rates, a negative 6% effect on [inaudible] growth rates, and a negative $0.02 per share effect on earnings per share.  We believe that the guidance I’m giving today is realistic given the continuing impact of currency and the very soft Q1 comparison from last year, but I do want to note that our pipelines continue to grow and the close rates we are using are conservative.  With that our guidance for Q1 is as follows: new software license revenues are expected to range from negative 10% to zero percent in constant currency and negative 14% to negative 4% at current exchange rates. Total revenue on a GAAP basis is expected to range from 1% to 4% year over year in constant currency, negative 4% to negative 1% in current exchange rates.  Total revenue on a non-GAAP basis is expected to range from zero to 2% in constant currency and negative 5% to negative 3% at current exchange rates. The non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $0.31 to $0.33 in constant currency and from $.029 to $0.31 in the current exchange rates. GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be between $0.23 to $0.24 in constant currency and $0.21 to $0.22 at the current exchange rates. Now this guidance assumes a tax rate of 29% for Q1 versus 26% in Q1 last year.  With that I’ll turn it over to Larry for his comments. 
Larry Ellison : Thank you Safra, I’m going to talk about Exadata, again I said last quarter that Exadata is shaping up to be our most exciting and successful new product introduction in Oracle’s 30 year history and last quarter Exadata continues to grow and win competitive deals in the marketplace against our three primarily competitors. Its turning out that Teradata is our number one competitor in terms of facing them in the marketplace, Natisa and IBM are kind of tied for second. And its typically IBM DB Tool on mainframes that we’re fighting with.  We’re very successful in a couple of different SmartPhone manufacturers, a well-known California SmartPhone and computer manufacturer actually bought two of our systems and their comments are to our database machines and that was against Natisa and their comment was, it ran about 100 times faster in some cases then their standard Oracle environment.  That’s very exciting. Another SmartPhone manufacturer in Canada, in this case Research in Motion, tested our database machine and bought it. In the marketplace again discovering after trying it, benchmarking it, that it was dramatically faster then their existing environment and faster then any of the other database machines that they experiment with.  Amtrak bought two full systems, they are a large East Coast Insurance Company, one of Teradata’s largest customers bought the Exadata machine. Thomson Reuters, a large and committed DB2 mainframe customer is, they’re moving some of their applications off the IBM mainframe and DB2 onto Exadata.  The largest Teradata customer in Japan, a relatively new telephone company in Japan and they’re the biggest Teradata customer in Japan and they benchmarked Exadata and found it to be dramatically faster then Teradata and they are moving their applications from Teradata onto Exadata.  We have been successful in Korea throughout Asia Pacific, Barclays Capital in the UK, another very large Teradata customer is buying Exadata. A number of banks in Western Europe, in Germany, again they are also buying Exadata machines. It was just a great quarter for Exadata, a product that is relatively new to the marketplace that is persuading people to move from their existing environments because Exadata is faster and the hardware costs less.  With that I’ll turn it over to Charles.
Charles Phillips : Thanks Larry, the Oracle field did a great job of staying focused during the quarter and not getting too distracted with all the noise on the economy and I’m proud of the great teamwork. We’ve pulled together multi product fields across multiple business units to leverage our unique product breadth through diversity by product, by industry and by geography is clearly helping us.  Its clear that cost pressures and increasing complexity are all catalysts right now causing customers to adopt pre integrated products and move away from [B-spoke] environments. So given that direction, we’re in a very good position and our pipelines are growing faster then our reported revenue. We have been working hard to stay close to customers and we’re becoming a lot more important to those customers as our product line grows. So the Sun acquisition is a continuation of that strategy and we’ve had very positive response from lots of customers because they know we’ll make it all work together at the factory and we’ll lower their cost and if Exadata is any indication of what can happen when you optimize hardware and software together, they’re pretty excited.  So let me make a few comments by product line, in the database area we had some key wins as usual with 7-Eleven, who purchased database vault, University of Illinois, Baker Hughes, [underneath] SAP, the state University of New York, Sunni, China Telecom, State Street standardized [inaudible] for all their mission critical applications, and Lockheed Martin.  We continue to report record benchmarks as well, I won’t go through them all, but currently we hold the top five-benchmark positions in the TPCC price performance category so we haven’t forgotten about that at all.  Moving on to Middleware, Middleware has been the star all year long and we hope that to continue. We are rolling out a major new release next week called Fusion Middleware 11G. We’ll launch that in Washington, DC and eight other cities around the world and then we’ll follow-on with a tour in 107 cities.  It’s a long list of features I won’t go through right now. We’re also getting lots of support from partners in our Middleware. So if you look at systems integrators, we have about 35,000 consultants that are trained in 50 countries, another 5,000 just in Q4 alone. The same thing with ISVs, we have about 5,000 who have certified on our Middleware, we added 43 in the quarter, and 100 new applications.  So some examples of good wins in the quarter, Wells Fargo, they had started down a path with open source on the application server. They switched to web logic and several other products, we ended up signing a ULA with them during the quarter. They liked the integration and the performance we could deliver.  Other customers include adidas, TD Ameritrade, Credit Suisse, and Intuit. We had some BEA customers who previously were BEA customers who expanded into other parts of the Fusion Middleware suite, that includes Costco, Comcast, and Erickson. We had some key IBM accounts that used to be web sphere customers who we’ve now penetrated including Visa and State of South Dakota.  On the BI side we had some good wins against Cognos and SAP, American Express, Southwest Airlines, [CVC], Capital One, and Norfolk Southern. And then in EPM which is the Hyperion product line, we had good wins at Wal-Mart, [inaudible] and Kroger.  Switching to the applications business, if you look at our applications integration architecture, we shipped three new process integration packs in the quarter, that’s totaling 20 pips as we call them. Customers see the value of the standard space integration and the more we ship the more integrated the product line becomes.  We’re also seeing good upgrade trends so if you look at e-business suite version 12, we now have about 26% of our customers who have already upgraded. So some key wins in the quarter, Votophone, they chose Oracle to consolidate and standardize its IT infrastructure across Europe. So they’ve adopted an Oracle first strategy for all their new applications replacing competitive products over time.  This is a very good model for other European companies who tend to be more decentralized and we’re encouraged by this important win. EBay, [Lazy Boy], Gap, other additional European wins in the quarter.  On supply chain we had wins at Johnson & Johnson, Virgin Media, APL Logistics, all against SAP. In retail we won Perry Ellis, that was an important win where we had point of sale applications in 55 stores. We got the [inaudible]. They’ll be adding more stores over time and are hosting customers as they did this past quarter at their original store in New York City. They had some 20 international customers. They had to show them what they’re doing.  Financial services TBU had a strong quarter despite the environment, strong double-digit growth. They’re finding healthy banks around the world outside of the US and diversifying geographically. For instance National Bank of Egypt which is responsible for about 24% of the Egyptian banking market, they won that in the quarter.  That brings to having about 70% of the Egyptian banking market. Also important in the quarter Oracle and Censure intend to jointly develop, market and sell a new bank in a box solution based on Oracle’s Siebel, Flexcube, and Fusion Middleware products. This is a big win for us and you remember [inaudible] went with SAP in bank about five years ago and pretty much got nowhere with that so they’re back to Oracle now. We’re encouraged by that win.  Finally in tax and utilities CBU, up over 20% in the quarter, some important wins at Dayton Power and Light, San Diego Gas and Electric, and we also had good [cerium] on demand wins. So [cerium] on demand was a very good story all year long. We added more subscribers in [inaudible] then we did all last year. Good wins at [Nedapp], McAfee where we replaced Salesforce.com, also replaced [DV2] there by the way, Land Of Lakes and Konica.  Linux, we had some good wins at [TIAA-Cref], Rent A Center and US Met. So with that I’ll turn it back over.  We are now ready for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: Understanding that your fourth quarter had some unique attributes, did you see any signals in the quarter that would suggest that you saw stability in either any end markets or any particular verticals and maybe talk a little bit about what the assumptions are underpinning the guide for the Q1 with respect to any kind of improvement and then I guess more longer-term as we think about a recovery scenario, where would you expect to see the first signs of reacceleration across your product lines. 
Charles Phillips : The verticals for Q4 has strong double-digit growth so that’s been helping us obviously getting new design wins in vertical applications and then the drag factor, when we get that win we often get some of the ERP, usually [PRAM] and certainly we get the tech stack underneath that. So that’s been an important differentiator for us that SAP simply doesn’t have.  And the few areas where they try to go in the verticals like banking as I described, it didn’t quite work out and we have their partners coming to us now. 
Safra Catz : In regard to the guidance I’ll have to tell you that our pipelines continue to grow really very well. I think that what we definitely saw that our customers are realizing that business does have to continue and go forward. Now as you know, we ourselves have so much sort of company specific momentum that we’ve been able to push through the economic situation rather well and I have to tell you that I still see the pipelines growing rather significantly. And so in this case I used really unusually conservative, very conservative close rates for Q1 to just keep a level of conservatism in our fiscal Q1. It is Q1, it is always a tricky quarter and we have a very different comparison as to Q1 of last year. So that’s what we used underpinning for the guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: On the margins, you set yourself that target way back when of 50% tight margins and clearly this quarter you tipped over even that high bar, as you look forward into next fiscal year is there still an ability to see margin expansion from here or as the economy hopefully begins to recover is there any reason to say that you’d start to reinvest a little in the business and maybe stop some of this big march forward on the operating margin side. 
Safra Catz : The reality is that the margin story really has to do with the fact that we have enormous installed base of customers that renew their agreements with us every year and the bigger that number becomes, that’s really the main issue. We continue to invest aggressively at Oracle. We’re up to $3 billion a year in R&D alone, really outshining all of our competitors and we continue to invest.  We are not a cost-cutting story for the margins. We really are a profitability story as the result of having just such a large installed base of existing customers and as that install based grows which obviously it continued to grow year after year, the operating margins will continue to go up.  Obviously the Sun acquisition will change the margin story for a while, but it will improve also over time. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: On EMEA, EMEA definitely came in much stronger then I think any of us would have expected and we’ve been viewing that as much more of a lagging economy versus the US, is that different for you when you think about maybe shared gains that you’re seeing there, or is your expectation that EMEA is still in slowdown mode and maybe the US starts to pick up, and it’s a balance. 
Charles Phillips : It shifts around by quarter and obviously we were pleased with EMEA’s performance. Having said that I am a little bit encouraged by the pipeline growth in the US and so it just seems like our mix of products and industry and geography, somehow we get there every quarter and we’re encouraged by what we’re seeing. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: So you’re not particularly worried that EMEA is maybe slowing more so and that its just a lag on what you saw this quarter. 
Charles Phillips : It isn’t going to happen obviously and its not, I don’t want to mislead you, its tough out there but nonetheless we had a great team on the ground and executed well in EMEA and so I do think we were different from everyone else over there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John DiFucci - JPMorgan
John DiFucci - JPMorgan: You talked a lot about Exadata and I just wanted to sort of clarify that all of those deals you were talking about were actual sales or most of them were sales or are they still sort of in the pilot stage at this time and then on the product side and on the development of new products, there’s a couple out there that we had heard about along the way but and I think they actually have the opportunity to sort of change the landscape out there, and I was just wondering if you can just bring us up to speed on both automated storage management, which is a database option, but also before you bought BEA they had a product called Web Logic for virtual addition, which worked right on a hypervisor, and you didn’t need, there was no need for an OS throughout the whole stack which I thought was really interesting. We really haven’t heard a whole lot about that in a while if you can just comment on those. 
Larry Ellison : To start, ASM is actually an integral part of Exadata so we use the automated storage management feature which is an option on the convectional database is a standard feature. It is always turned on with Exadata. By the way every customer I mentioned and alluded to were actual sales. Now some of these because the Exadata product is so new, quite often will install in kind of in a try and buy situation. But I can’t think of a case where we installed the machine that they didn’t buy. So we’re winning these benchmarks. Sometimes we’re beating Teradata. I think in my quote, I said we’ve beat Teradata on one of the queries by 20 to one. So we think it’s a brand new technology, we think we’re a lot faster then the competition. The benchmarks are proving out with real customer data, we’re proving to be much faster then the competition every single deal I mentioned were cases where the customer bought the system. There are obviously there are other evaluations going on and we expect the Exadata sales to accelerate. In terms of the BEA product you mentioned where they’re JVM, their java virtual machine is running directly on the hypervisor, on the virtual without the overhead of an operating system, that gives us 10% or 15% performance improvement.  Well that’s nice, that’s important and we go for every single percent we can find, that’s very different from the Exadata database machine when we were looking for 10, 20, 50, even 100 times performance improvement by going to radical new technology. Many more CPUs, huge numbers of [infiniband] connections thrown at the problem. Large memory caches and you’ll see us continue to advance Exadata with flash memory and other things. We’re looking for order of magnitude improvements versus a few percent here and there. 
John DiFucci - JPMorgan: I know you’re not going to talk about acquisitions that haven’t closed yet, but Virtual Iron, I don’t think that’s closed yet but is that an opportunity that even works more closely on trying to I guess press the technology of the BEA product that you mentioned but I can even envision even putting it to the database on there with no operating system or no operating system as we know it, and it just seems like its another opportunity for Oracle through internal development to sort of change the landscape out there. 
Larry Ellison : We are looking at that, in fact we have the Oracle database running directly on a VM with no intermediate operating system so that’s actually up and running. So its an opportunity to continue to improve our performance. Our goal as you know is to deliver a complete stack from the virtual machine to the operating system. We’ve been involved with VM, with Zen and Zen derivatives, with the Linux LS, obviously the Oracle database Middleware and applications. So, are intended to provide a complete and integrated stack and then be able to tune up and down and of course with the Sun acquisition, actually get down into the hardware. Exadata is really is really our first experiment in that area and its going very well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill - Citigroup
Brent Thill - Citigroup: You mentioned your pipeline is growing faster then reported revenue, was that a pickup in Q4 or did you see a similar trend throughout the year on the pipeline and if you could just tie that into do you think the worst is now behind us and now you’re seeing the environment now slowly improving. 
Charles Phillips : Its hard to call the environment, I don’t want to go on a limb and do that but I will say that conversations back in let’s say January, February, people couldn’t focus. They were so worried about the economic news even if they had budgets, they just didn’t feel good about spending money back then. And so it didn’t feel that way any more, the sense of panic and just being frozen, deer in the headlights feeling. But nonetheless everybody is still under cost pressures going forward. The pipelines did improve. They’ve been growing all year long but they grew a little bit more in the last 90 days.  That might be an indication of people getting back to work but its hard to call. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: So you’re close rates were a little bit better then you anticipated. 
Charles Phillips : I’m not sure better then we anticipated, slightly better I would say. 
Safra Catz : Yes, they were. A little better then I guided for. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: And just a quick follow-up, on the on demand business, you’re now three quarters of a billion dollar business, can you just outline your long-term goals for the business. 
Larry Ellison : We think we can be very competitive against Salesforce.com in sales on demand. We think with virtually every time we compete with them on large deals with large customers, we win and in some cases we even replace them. So we think we can be the number one supplier of on demand software in that particular space.  And then of course we’re going into other spaces as well with our Fusion applications which we haven’t talked about yet which come out I guess, we are code complete on Fusion applications. We’ll be announcing them later this year. Customers are trying them out and we’ll start delivering next year.  All of our Fusion applications are on demand ready. They are designed to be not only on premise but ground up design to be a [inaudible] service. So we see all of our application software, not just on Salesforce automation but all of our application software going forward being sold in two ways.  Both on demand, software as a service and on premise with the same code base and we think we can be the number one applications company, the number one on premise application company and the number one on demand application company. That’s our goal. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest: You guys typically have a sales force reorg in the first quarter, can you provide any color on sort of the size and timing of that, any difference this year then past years. 
Charles Phillips : We’ve tried to get out of those big bang reorgs, so we haven’t really done that in several years. We make small tweaks throughout the year and small changes in quotas each year, but we’re not doing any wholesale reorg as we go into this fiscal year. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest: And then just over in the federal government, we’ve heard about the potential for some federal government budget flush as we get to the end of the calendar third quarter, I know that’s a relatively small vertical given the size of Oracle now, but is that something you’re expecting to see much of a benefit from as we kind of move through August and then obviously as you move into the fiscal second quarter. 
Charles Phillips : Well our government business has done well, I don’t know if I’d call it budget flush but they do have money and its been doing well the last couple of quarters. I would expect that to continue given the environment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: If I could get your take on how the customer environment feels like, would you say that budgets are starting to free up as you get into the second half of the year after having gone through some turbulent times in the first half of the year. 
Charles Phillips : I talked to a group of CIO’s on this just last week, its difficult to say. I would they didn’t spend as aggressively in the first half because they were kind of in a wait and see mode. They have budgets. They may have not been what they originally wanted a year ago what they expected in December, but they have budgets and its going to be more backend loaded if they chose to spend.  So most of them sounded like they wanted to start moving ahead the second half of the year but we’ll see what they do. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: And also I think you mentioned on premise and on demand model of delivering the Fusion applications, its actually very interesting. Does it open up another subscription type of a business model in your P&L, should we think about a different way in which the applications license revenues will be reported going forward that you’ll have a license stream and a subscription revenue stream going forward. 
Larry Ellison : Yes, again I think, again our subscription or our on demand application business is much smaller then our on premise application but its growing faster. So I think you’ll see a very gradual shift over a period of a decade. Keep in mind that the largest on demand software company in the world is Salesforce.com and they’re only a billion dollars.  And we’re probably the second largest on demand software company but that on demand portion or software as a service portion is still significantly smaller then our on premise business. But we expect the on demand to grow somewhat faster then the on premise business and so we’ll have the mixture. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: So if I read it correctly, it is going to be ERP supply chain [cerium] for everything, HR, everything on demand, delivered as a multi [inaudible] service from your data sectors to add to the subscription model, right. 
Larry Ellison : Absolutely but its not necessarily. The interesting thing is its not necessarily from our data center. We have three models. One is, we have on premise where you run it. We have on demand in our data center. I should say on premise in your data center where you run it. We have on demand in our data center where we run it. But then there is an on demand in your data center where we run it. So the computer is actually on your floor, behind your firewall, attached to your very fast local area network but we provide all the services.  And we think that’s where the real value is and we think that’s the interesting model. It’s a model that Salesforce.com does not offer. It’s a single tenancy on demand model, with a computer on your data center, highly secure, highly performance, but we provide all of the upgrade services and we administer the applications.  That’s proven to be a significant differentiator between us and Salesforce and what is allowing us to win virtually every large-scale deal. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: That’s sounds like you’re getting into cloud computing then. 
Larry Ellison : A little bit. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Ken Bond: A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. The replay number is 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and the passcode is 4357919. Also a webcast replay will be available through the close of market on June 30, and can be found on our website at www.oracle.com/investor.  Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call and we look forward to speaking to you. Thank you all for joining us on today’s conference call.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-03-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Roy Lobo – Investor Relations Jeff Epstein – Chief Financial Officer  Safra A. Catz – Co-President Lawrence J. Ellison – Chief Executive Officer  Charles E. Phillips, Jr. – Co-President 
Analysts: Heather Bellini - UBS Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Brent Thill - Citigroup Kash Rangan - BAS-ML John DiFucci – JP Morgan Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Roy Lobo, Head of Investor Relations at Oracle.
Roy Lobo: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Oracle’s Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; Oracle’s President, Safra Catz; Oracle's President, Charles Phillips; and Oracle’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Epstein. We will begin with a few prepared remarks and then take questions from the audience.  Let me begin by reminding everyone that today's discussions may include predictions, expectations, intentions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinion only as of the date of this presentation. Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revision of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Throughout today's discussion we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  A .pdf copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle Investor Relations website at www.oracle.com/investor. With that I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Epstein for his opening comments.
Jeff Epstein: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. I will review our non-GAAP financial results, focusing on constant currency growth rates unless otherwise stated. First, a note about foreign exchange rate movements. In December we told you that using then-current exchange rates would reduce our Q3 growth rate by 8% compared to constant currency. During the third quarter the U.S. dollar strengthened again, further reducing our international revenues, expenses, and profits when measured in U.S. dollars. As a result, currency movements reduced new licenses revenues by 9%, total revenues by 10%, net income by 12%, and earnings per share by 13%, or $0.05 per share, compared to Q3 of last year. Now, let’s review the income statement. In the third quarter our new software license revenues were $1.5 billion, up 3% in constant currency and down 6% in U.S. dollars. EMEA grew 12%, Asia grew 1%, and the Americas were down 4%. Technology new license revenues were $1.1 billion, up 6% in constant currency and down 4% in U.S. dollars. EMEA grew 15%, Asia grew 1%, and the Americas were down 1%. Our BEA products, which have now been technically integrated with Oracle's Fusion Middleware, packaged in unified suites, and are sold off the same price list, accounted for $140.0 million of our Q3 new license revenues, based on our internal allocations which are consistent with previous quarters. Applications new license revenues were $396.0 million, down 4% in constant currency and down 12% in U.S. dollars. EMEA grew 2%, Asia fell 2%, and the Americas were down 8%. Our software license updates and product support revenues were $3.0 billion, up 21% in constant currency and up 12% in U.S. dollars. These revenues are annual fees that customers pay to receive updated versions of, and enhancements to, their existing products without having to buy the software again.  On a trailing four-quarter basis our software license updates and product support revenues totaled $11.8 billion, up 18% over the prior comparable period. Our services revenues were $1.0 billion, up 2% in constant currency and down 8% in U.S. dollars. Our total revenues were $5.5 billion, up 12% in constant currency, which is above the high end of our constant currency guidance range of 8% to 11% and up 2% in U.S. dollars. Operating income was $2.6 billion, up 26% in constant currency and up 15% in U.S. dollars.  Our non-GAAP operating margin grew by 510 basis points to 46.4% in U.S. dollars. This is the highest Q3 operating margin in Oracle’s history as a public company and further demonstrates the success of our operating model. Our tax rate was 26.6%, which is lower than our guidance of 28.5% due largely to a one-time benefit for a recent state tax law change. In Q3 we repurchased 86.0 million shares at an average price of $16.82 per share for a total of $1.4 billion. As we have previously stated, the rates of our stock buyback will fluctuate each quarter taking into account alternative uses for our cash and our stock price. Our non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.35, above the high end of our EPS guidance range of $0.31 to $0.33. This was up 29% in constant currency and up 16% in U.S. dollars. Our non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.05 higher had foreign exchange rates remained the same as they were in Q3 of last year. Turning to the balance sheet, we have $11.3 billion in cash and investments.  Our days sales outstanding improved again this quarter from 54 days last year to 49 days this year, a testament to the quality of our receivables, the quality of our customers, and the effectiveness of our collection efforts, as well as from foreign exchange and product mix benefits. We generated a record $8.0 billion in free cash flow over the last four quarters, growing 14% over the same period last year. Now, I will turn the call over to Safra.
Safra A. Catz: Clearly we are extremely pleased with our spectacular Q3 results. We hit the midpoint of our new license guidance, we beat the high end of our total revenue guidance, we beat the high end of our EPS guidance by a full $0.02, and we delivered the highest Q3 operating margins in our history, substantially higher operating margins than our peers. And we grew faster than SAP in every region around the world, clearly taking market share. Our software license updates and product support revenues, which hit $3.0 billion this quarter, are growing nicely off a very large base, and our customer renewal rates and satisfaction levels continue at record highs. This quarter clearly demonstrates the strength of our diversified portfolio products, the breadth of our enormous customer base, and the strength of our operating model.  Once again, the only negative story for the quarter was currency, as it was in Q2 and as it will be again in Q4. To give you a flavor for the regions since Q4 of last year, currencies in major European countries have depreciated about 20%, currencies in Latin America have depreciated 30%, and currencies in Asia, except for Japan, have depreciated about 30%. For the coming quarter, assuming that exchange rates remain at current rates, it will be a 12% negative currency effect on license growth rates, a 12% negative effect on total revenue growth rates, a negative 15% effect on net income growth rates, and a negative $0.07 per share effect on earnings per share. So now let me turn to guidance. We believe the guidance we are giving today is realistic given the continuing strengthening of the U.S. dollar and a very tough Q4 comparison from last year, but I do want to emphasize that our pipelines continue to be strong and the close rates that I am assuming are more conservative than typical Q4 close rates, which may end up being appropriate. With that, our guidance for Q4 is as follows:  New software license revenues are expected to range from negative 5% to negative 15% in constant currency. So adding the negative 12% from currency, that’s a negative 17% to negative 27% at current exchange rates. Total revenue on GAAP and non-GAAP basis is expected to range from plus 2 to minus 3 year-over-year in constant currency and minus 10 to minus 14 at current exchange rates.  Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.49 to $0.53 in constant currency, up from $0.47 last year and from $0.42 to $0.46 assuming the current exchange rate. GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter is expected to be $0.41 to $0.45 at constant currency and $0.34 to $0.38 assuming current exchange rates. Now, our guidance assumes a tax rate of 28% for Q4 versus 30.8% in Q4 of last year.  Now I want to be clear, the midpoint of our Q4 EPS guidance puts us at $0.44 or $0.42 for the year but you need to remember the impact of currency, not only for the quarter but for the whole year. Currency impacted earnings negatively by $0.01 in Q1, $0.04 in Q2, $0.05 in Q3, and as I said, my guidance assumes $0.07 in Q4 if the dollar stays at these rates. So forgetting the economy, if you merely adjust for the strengthening of the dollar, and use the midpoint of my Q4 guidance, we would be over $0.57 for the year. As we have always said, we are committed to returning value to our shareholders through technical innovation, strategic acquisition, stock repurchases, prudent use of debt, and now a dividend. And though we cannot control the stock market, one benefit we can give our stockholders is a cash dividend so today we are announcing Oracle's first-ever quarterly dividend of $0.05 per share. We generated $8.0 billion in free cash flow over the last 12 months and we are running the business at record margins. We are extremely confident in our financial strength, our operating model, our competitive position, and our execution capabilities, and as a result, when many others are reducing or eliminating dividends, we are putting one in place. With that, I will turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence J. Ellison: I am just going to re-emphasize a few things that have already been said. First of all, but for currency—but for currency, we actually sold more new licenses in Q3 of this year than in Q3 of last year. And that is in the face of a worldwide global recession. Great reductions in capital spending, what has been described as tough times for the tech industry. In terms of new license sales, our new license sales actually grew year-over-year when measured in constant dollars. That is a remarkable achievement and we’re very proud of the quality of our products and the quality of our field to deliver such a result. But for currency, our earnings per share would have been 29% growth, year-over-year. That is in the face of a worldwide recession, weak global economy. We are still able to grow our earnings ahead of our plan, which did not anticipate a global recession or a weak economy. Our target growth rates are 20% per year and we delivered 29% in constant dollars. By the way, even when you do count currency, the twin hegmans of a weak global economy and a strengthening dollar, we still managed to grow earnings per share 16%. That is a remarkable achievement and we are very, very proud of that. So, that’s looking back. Now looking forward, I think the most exciting product we’ve had in many, many years is our Exadata Database Server. We planned to grow using a combination of innovation and acquisitions and our fastest growing business right now—our fastest growing large business right now—is our Fusion Middleware business and that really is a combination of innovation, and acquisitions. The BE acquisition being the largest and the most visible in terms of growing our Fusion Middleware business. Exadata is 100% innovation on top of our very large and very strong database business. And the early results have been remarkable. Charles Phillips will go into a lot of detail but I’ll just throw a couple of numbers out there. One of our customers, and Charles will describe this customer, one of our customers saw a 28x performance improvement over an existing Oracle database. Another customer saw a monthly aggregation drop from 4.5 hours just to 3 minutes. When compared to Teradata, a competitive database machine that’s been in the market for a very, very long time, another customer saw that we were 6x faster than their existing Teradata application, when using Exadata versus Teradata. Another customer saw a batch process fall from 8 hours to 30 minutes. Charles will go into more detail on all this, he will repeat those numbers, because I think they’re worth mentioning twice.
Charles E. Phillips, Jr.: I wanted to start off with a few comments about how the field performed. I think the field was very proactive and did a good job adjusting to the current environment, so just some of the things we’ve been doing. I think we anticipated extra layers of approvals given the tight controls on spending and we negotiated that quite well. We have refreshed the filling messages around cost reduction and consolidation and the elimination of costly customizations. We are more focused on add applications and add-on options to add value to existing deployments. This includes things like Agile, Demantra, G-Log, sourcing applications, EPM, which is our peer unit, and BI on the tool side of it. And the good news about all of that is that we can sell that into the EsNT install base as well so we can add value to an existing deployment.  We are getting people to upgrade to the latest releases of our applications. That sets the stage for us to upsell to recent add-on modules and we have been selling into existing demand, not ahead of it, so customers don’t have excessive license headroom at the moment. On the consulting side we have adjusted consulting hiring on projects to keep utilization and margins high by load-balancing with contractors and the integrators instead of hiring for future products ahead of the deal. So now just a few comments by area. On databases, Larry mentioned, we’re very excited about how the HP Oracle database machine is performing. The increases have just been stunning and so we are getting great feedback from our customers and the pipeline is the largest build I’ve ever seen in terms of a new product.  And as he mentioned, the numbers are just stunning. The major European retailer who reduced the batch processing time from 8 hours to 30 minutes did not believe the process had completed. We had to convince him that’s actually how it’s done.  And so, as Larry mentioned, this is the reminder that this is an internally developed technology in the midst of all the discussion of acquisitions. People forget that we’re actually spending $3.0 billion a year on research and development and this is why we do it. A few enterprise database deals to highlight. Bank of America, even despite what is going on in financial services, did a very large deal with us to purchase many components across the text dat, and because they wanted to lower their costs and consolidate around our database and our Middleware stack and so it was a good deal for us. Campus-wide license for RAC and database at New York University. Two notable ones. More important, upcoming. New release of the database 11g release 2 should happen in Q1. The key feature enhancement there is an enhancement to rule application clusters a RAC. So just to remind you, RAC is our most popular database option that we sell around database and it is the underlying technology for grid computing. We have been focused on advanced users because of the complexity of clustering technology, at least historically. The change initially is to have significant ease of use enhancements and this will make grid computing accessible to a much broader market. So basically, this is grid computing for the masses. Moving on to Middleware. Middleware continues to do extremely well. We still have all the momentum you have become accustomed to and I think one of the changes recently is just how much the system integrators are now helping us. We now have trained over 33,000 consultants in 50 countries and it’s a great way to expand our selling capacity without increasing our costs.  So some recent partner deployments of our Middleware are JP Morgan Chase, CSC at Wells Fargo, Deloitte at the University of North Carolina, IBM Global Services at Navistar.  We also have a major new release of our entire Middleware suite this quarter, using Middleware 11g and this is the major integration we’ve been talking about, the integration of all the BEA products, common metadata, upgrading components. We expect that to make us a lot more competitive. Some recent wins on the platform. Smucker’s, Weight Watchers. At the application server level San Diego County, Verizon, Enterprise Performance Management, the Gap, Home Depot, Adobe Laboratories, Federal Reserve Board, CVS Pharmacy. And our BI products, NexSmart, Stella, Florida AAM, and the federal custom service. Good wins in content management at the University of Arkansas, and identity and access management at Standard Life and Liberty University. Lots of more we could mention, just wanted to give you a sample. Lastly, on applications we had a new release of Application Integration Architecture Version 2.3 in January. Just to remind you, these are packaged integrations between the Oracle applications that are built completely on standard Middleware. So standard off-the-shelf integration has turned into a good differentiator for us since customers want to avoid costly hard-wired and custom integrations that always break on upgrades. So we use this integration platform for our own products but we also extend them as third-party products where it makes sense. A couple of examples. Lexis/Nexis purchased AIA Pro Communications and Media and they used that to surround their high-volume online billing engine and integrate end legacy applications as well. Foster’s Group purchased Oracle Teaching Middleware in AIA foundation pack to integrate JD Edwards and Siebold along with some third-party applications. On and on. People like the fact that we are taking responsibility for the integrations. A couple of notable wins across the applications portfolio. ERP, Hitachi Global, Federal Express, Experian, PNC, Affiliated Computer Services, Cell Com Italia, Demantra, Sara Lee, and Leggett and Platt. Oracle transportation management, Ingersoll Rand and Sears. In retail Belk, financial services GPU, Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, HDFC Bank in India. And in communications GPU add-on deal to KTN, which is one the largest wall-to-wall deployments. Insurance, GPU, Great American Insurance Company. Utilities, Seattle City Lights and Northeast Utilities. Finally, on CRM on demand, our ongoing battle with SalesForce.com continues. We beat them at Minute Staff leading contractors, Scottish [Widows] which is part of Lloyd’s TSP group, Cummings Engine. And we replaced them, 1,000 seats they had in place, at Carlson Wagonlit. And with that I will turn the call back over to whomever.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Heather Bellini – UBS.
Heather Bellini - UBS: I guess two questions for you, Safra. The first one would be I was wondering if you could give us an idea of how you saw the quarter progress, if you saw more hesitancy to sign deals in the month of February versus January or do you think we’ve seen some signs of stabilization in terms of deal signings. And I guess what I’m trying to take from that is Adobe made some comments last night on their call that the last five or six weeks they’ve seen more stability in their channel business so I was wondering if you could give us some color there. And then the second thing is it looks like you’re getting awfully close to that 50% operating margin goal that you set probably five or six years ago. And I’m just wondering, too, if you can give us a sense of what’s the limit there? Is this something we can continue to see and that once you get to 50% there is going to be another goal on the horizon that you’re just going to see this continue to progress as you layer on the maintenance revenue?
Safra A. Catz: As far as how the quarter played out for us, we were actually on track the whole quarter. Every month looked on track and there was no more of an issue earlier on. So, as you know, we do a lot of our business at the end and nothing about that was different. But we did end up with a good close but we were actually on track every single quarter. Our business might be a little bit lumpier, more hockey sticks than Adobe’s, so it might be something they might see and we wouldn’t. As far as the 50% rate, you know that that is very much dominated by the mix of business, dependent on our large install base of customers who already have bought our product and are interested in buying the upgrade rights every year and as that base continues to grow as a percentage of our total revenues you will see the margins continue to improve.
Heather Bellini - UBS: So is better than 50% in the cards at some point?
Safra A. Catz: You know, you just need a spread sheet, enough years in it. I think we’re definitely, we’re up obviously 500 basis points this quarter, 300 etc. in the previous quarter. So, we are on track to do over 50% ultimately, sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: My first question is on maintenance revenue. It looks like you had a nice sequential increase in maintenance revenue. There has obviously been a lot of focus on this line. Our work suggests that your pricing has been holding in pretty well in what is obviously a difficult environment. Can you talk a little about what you saw on the pricing front, renewal front, and some of the mechanics around maintenance revenue? And then secondly, I also had a question on the opex side. You are obviously doing a terrific job on margins. Your headcount is sort of slowing on a sequential basis to growing year-over-year. What are your plans for headcount growth going forward?
Safra A. Catz: There was nothing special about the upgrade in product support business. It continues to grow because our—you know, every one of these new-license customers, it’s very overwhelming. The high percentage will renew next year and so this year the maintenance will be products updates and support number is simply from previous years, so same customers continuing to renew. There was nothing unusual in the pricing one way or the other. So there is really no news whatsoever on that line. As far as headcount, the headcount numbers are often very dependent on what we do with acquisition. We are always very careful with how many folks we hire. The big ramp-ups in headcount have generally come in with acquisitions so we really can’t comment as far as what will happen in the future. It’s very dependent on what we’ll—as far as a big move on acquisitions, we haven’t had a very large acquisition in the past couple of quarters so there’s not the big bump.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Just a question on the growth in EMEA and even in Asia/Pac, which is just very noticeable given the backdrop that we’re in. As you think about the different geos and how they performed through the quarter and as you look forward, is the U.S. just a precursor of what’s going to come in these geos or is there something specific for Oracle in those geos, either that you have more share gains to take or there’s more low-hanging fruit in maybe some of the brick economies that would continue to make them look a little bit better than what you’re seeing in the U.S.
Charles E. Phillips, Jr.: Well, the economic impact was clearly more severe in the U.S., but having said that, there are some things going on in some of the other countries that maybe made a difference. We have a management change in Asia/Pac and that’s working out quite well. Japan is another story, but ex-Japan it’s actually working out very well in all the things that we are asking them to do. And the new energy he’s brought, that’s actually happening. In EMEA we have the same thing. We have a management change that was planned and natural but I do think some of the changes he made there are having some immediate impact as well. So I think we have adjusted for all that in our forecast. And the economies, as we see them unfolding, and hopefully as things go out through the quarter some of the deals that we’ve been counting on will close early in the quarter. There are other large ones out there. We’ll have to see what happens.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Just a quick follow-up, kind of similar what the leading indicator is saying. I look at your database and Middleware growth in the U.S., constant currency, that actually dips down negative 1 and kind of trailing off from how strong it’s been. I would think that database is still an area that could continue to see growth. How do you think about the ability to keep growing that business, even given everything that we’re seeing out there in the economy?
Charles E. Phillips, Jr.: Well, the Middleware business, I think we are gaining significant share. We just have such a lead on the competition and we have a new release coming out. So I do think that’s a growth area and that’s been helping us get through a tough time period. And all the new BEA customers we can up-sell. So that’s working quite well and I expect that to continue. Database is a more mature market, there’s no getting around that. Nonetheless, our differentiation limited to the competition is so great, if there is demand we tend to get it. So I would say infrastructure is easier in a tough environment and new project driven areas like applications are somewhat tougher and that’s reflected in the results.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Thill – Citigroup.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Safra, you mentioned you are assuming slightly more conservative close rates for Q4. Can you just give us a sense of that conservativeness? In your guidance and any key metrics would be helpful.
Safra A. Catz: In general we tried to use—first of all, Q4 has a dynamic all its own, frankly. And closure rates are always very high in Q4. So what I tried to use is a closure rate more similar to Q3 or Q2 just because we can’t see into the future. We had another spectacular quarter but we have no idea what’s going to be happening in the future. So in trying to use our best judgment, both using a bottoms-up and a top-down analysis to kind of see if the numbers make sense, we came out this time with a more conservative closure rate, really just probably in an abundance of caution, as to what’s going to happen next in the economy. But there is nothing special. I often end up using a lower closure rate but we just don’t know. And the actual usually come out higher than that.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: And Charles, on the database, the options seems to be a popular choice. Can you give us a sense of what you’ve been seeing in this environment with the add-on of some of these database options, how important that’s been to continue to feel that line item?
Charles E. Phillips, Jr.: It certainly is a significant part of the growth around database, the options are leading it and I think our challenge is to make sure that we focus on a better, have more specialization around some of the options, have a higher attach rate when we do a database deal; make sure we offer the options at the same time.  So internally the opportunity around the options, given where we are, has gotten a lot more focused and that’s what happening. And we’re honestly starting to forecast at that level, not just overall database but internally forecasting the individual—at least the major options, in the major regions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kash Rangan - BAS-ML.
Kash Rangan - BAS-ML: Larry, it looks like you’ve declared this earnings growth goal. You had one five years back and you’ve actually outperformed it pretty significantly. I’m wondering how do you think about the next 12 months ahead? Are you still targeting earnings growth rate—I know it’s a challenging currency environment—if you strip out the currency the results look really impressive, but the currency also continues to be a headwind, as you quantified, Safra, over the last few quarters. So how do you think about a reported basis, what the earnings growth for the company, how are you managing that for the downturn?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Again, it’s very difficult for us to predict currency rates. I mean, no one would have predicted a Euro of 1.68 or the sudden decline of Euros. We’re not really in the business of predicting exchange rates. We will leave that to George Soris and other people who do that for a living.  We try to manage our business using constant dollars and try to sell more software this year than the previous year, on a constant dollar basis. And on that constant dollar basis I think we can continue growing our earnings at our targeted 20% share. As you know, we almost hit it in the face of huge currency headwinds. We did 16% in reported but 29% EPS growth in constant. And I think that’s a terrific achievement in the face of this recession. I think we are managing our way through this recession very, very well but currency is just too unpredictable. It fluctuates suddenly and it is not something we really try to manage for. Currency hedging and things like that, we’re not going to do that, we’re going to try to run our business within the recession, with our good growth, within the recession, make appropriate acquisitions, invest in appropriate innovation, and target a constant dollar EPS growth rate of 20%. And currencies are going to do what currencies are going to do.
Kash Rangan - BAS-ML: And Safra, is there any commentary at all on E&A trends, renewals, anything that you have been noticing? I don’t you don’t quantify it but any trend-wise qualitatively can you talk to that?
Charles E. Phillips, Jr.: There’s still a lot of E&A being done, that’s still healthy for our business. I would say on average, globally, maybe the deal sizes are a little bit less than they were in past years but that’s probably a good thing in this environment, as far as predictability. There’s still some large deals out there but they’re not in the forecast so the average deal size that we see would have to come down a little bit. But there’s plenty of individual opportunities out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from John DiFucci – JP Morgan.
John DiFucci – JP Morgan: A lot of people look at Oracle as a gauge for the software industry and whether you are or not is debatable. I have my own opinions there, but I was just wondering what you’re seeing versus your competitors. We all know the macro environment is tough out there; it is for you, too. But for instance, I think your apps results were better than anyone would have guessed here and your largest competitor was probably down 15% in their most recent quarter, on an organic constant currency basis, where you put up numbers on an organic constant currency basis it looks like it’s down about 4. Can you comment on that?
Charles E. Phillips, Jr.: I think SAP is a lot more reliant on big megadeals than we are. Their install base. And the thing that we used to get criticized for, having lots of applications, is actually a pretty good thing right now. We have lots of ways to sell into not only our own install base but around their customers as well. And so we have just more ways to get to the number. All the edge applications, all the on demand applications. And we know their customers since they’re running on our infrastructure and they don’t know ours.
John DiFucci – JP Morgan: Even when you look at, your apps business as far as its growth rate, has improved in each of the last three quarters. Charles, you even said even in this environment. Well, I guess your database is doing better than apps as far as a growth rate but it’s just sort of surprising to see that continued growth, or improvement quarter-over-quarter.
Charles E. Phillips, Jr.: Also keep in mind they don’t have any industry applications. We have vertical applications that are much less penetrated than ARP and with less competition, so that’s part of the growth, and they don’t have anything there that I know of.
Lawrence J. Ellison: They don’t have significant CRM business, they don’t have the CRM on demand business. We have a much broader portfolio of applications.  And let me add, next year we are going to be delivering the next generation Fusion applications, which we have been investing very heavily in over the years and SAP is not doing that either. So I think we are going to be able to continue to take market share from them for years to come because of the breadth of our portfolio, the investment in new applications, currently with things like CRM on demand, and our Fusion applications which are all on demand ready, or cloud computing ready if you prefer. And SAP is not making those investments.
John DiFucci – JP Morgan: One quick follow-up. Charles, you mentioned Q1 you were actually going to come out with a new version, ease of use. You did talk a little bit about options, but specifically on RAC, because that one is one that, as you know, has been a great one for you over the last several years. Can you talk a little about the penetration today, about the opportunity there, what’s left, even subjectively without specific numbers, if you can.
Charles E. Phillips, Jr.: A small percentage of our install base. It’s high-value product and it’s significant revenue but it’s a small percentage of the individual customers that are out there. And it makes a ton of sense for our medium and small customers, as well, if it can be made easy to use, and that’s exactly what we’ve done.
Operator: Your last question comes from Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company: Safra, I wanted to ask you a quick question about headcount. I noticed that your headcount is relatively flat for the quarter yet all your operating expense line items were down absolutely. How does that happen? What’s going on there? Where are you getting the costs from?
Safra A. Catz: It’s currency. You know that, it’s got to be. We pay those folks, they’re all over the planet, and we end up paying them less. I mean, we pay them the same, they still get their same paychecks but they get it in reals, or in rupees, or in whatever, and so that’s all that’s going on. Nothing special.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company: And following up on the question on competition, are you seeing anyone that’s competing remarkably differently?
Safra A. Catz: I will tell you, any one of us could tell you, we feel like we are winning an awful lot. We are winning in other people’s install bases, we are winning what maybe in many cases we shouldn’t be winning. We are competing very effectively against our competitors. I don’t know, Larry, do you see anything different?
Lawrence J. Ellison: I think again, Charles pointed out the magic number. We invest $3.0 billion a year in R&D so we think we have a better database machine than Teradata. We are competing very successfully against SalesForce.com. We are doing better in applications in every region and taking share against SAP. In database, we’re doing extremely well against both Microsoft—taking share from Microsoft and IBM. So I think we’re competing more effectively across the board in all of our product areas and that’s the explanation for Q3 and reason for optimism going forward.
Roy Lobo: Thank you everyone for participating in today’s call. A telephone replay will be available for 24 hours. The replay number is 719-457-0820 with the pass code 3475782. You can access the webcast replay on Oracle’s Investor Relations website. The webcast replay will be available through the close of market on March 25, 2009.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-12-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Larry Ellison – CEO Jeff Epstein – EVP & CFO Safra Catz – President Charles Phillips – President  Roy Lobo - IR 
Analysts:  Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Heather Bellini - UBS John DiFucci - JPMorgan  Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company Brent Thill - Citigroup Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest Securities  
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation second quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Roy Lobo, Head of Investor Relations at Oracle; please go ahead sir.
Roy Lobo: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Oracle's second quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Oracle’s Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; Oracle’s President, Safra Catz; Oracle's President, Charles Phillips; and Oracle’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Epstein. We will begin with a few prepared remarks and then take your questions.  Let me begin by reminding everyone that today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.  You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinion only as of the date of this presentation.  Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revision of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Throughout today's discussion we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle Investor Relations website at www.oracle.com/investor. With that I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Epstein for his opening comments.
Jeff Epstein : Thank you Roy, good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. I’ll review our non-GAAP financial results focusing on constant currency growth rates unless otherwise stated.  During the quarter the Euro, the British pound, and many other currencies fell substantially compared to the US dollar. This currency impact reduced new license revenues by 8%, total revenues by 7%, and earnings per share by 9% or $0.03 per share. In the second quarter our new software license revenues were $1.6 billion, up 5% in constant currency and down 3% in US dollars. EMEA grew 7%, the Americas grew 3%, and Asia grew 5%.  Technology new license revenues were $1.2 billion, up 12% in constant currency and up 4% in US dollars. EMEA grew 16%, Americas grew 10%, and Asia grew 8%. BEA contributed approximately $127 million in new license revenues this quarter. Applications new license revenues were $469 million, down 9% in constant currency and down 15% in US dollars. EMEA was down 16%, Americas were down 6%, and Asia was down 2%. Our software license updates and product support revenues were $2.9 billion, up 21% in constant currency and up 15% in US dollars. Renewal rates continue to be very high because customers value the benefits they receive from our updates and support fueled by our $3 billion annual investment in research and development.  Our services revenues were $1.1 billion up 5% in constant currency, and down 2% in US dollars. On demand revenues grew 19%, consulting grew 4%, and education fell 3%. Our total revenues were $5.7 billion, up 13% in constant currency and up 6% in US dollars.  Operating income was $2.6 billion, up 25% in constant currency and up 18% in US dollars. Our non-GAAP operating margin grew by 460 basis points in US dollars to 46%, a record level of profitability for Q2. Our tax rate was 29.0%, higher then our guidance of 27% due largely to the foreign exchange impact on our earnings mix. We have a higher tax rate in the United States then abroad so a strengthening dollar will tend to increase our overall tax rate.  We increased our stock repurchase activities in the quarter buying 108 million shares at an average price of $17.14 for a total of $1.8 billion for the quarter. As we have previously stated the rate of our buyback will fluctuate each quarter taking into account our stock price and alternative uses for our cash.  Our non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.34, up 18% in constant currency and up 9% in US dollars. Our non-GAAP EPS was negatively impacted by $0.03 per share due to the strengthening dollar. Turning to the balance sheet we have $10.6 billion in cash and investments after our $1.8 billion stock buyback. Our day sales outstanding improved from 55 days last year to 52 days this year as we continued to focus on the quality of our receivables and the effectiveness of our collection efforts. We believe our bad debt reserve is appropriate and our reserve policy remains consistent with prior periods. Overall we generated a record $7.6 billion in free cash flow over the last four quarters growing 15% over the prior year. Now let me turn to guidance for the third quarter, like last quarter we will give guidance both in constant currency and in US dollars. Using today’s exchange rates implies approximately eight points of negative currency impact on our Q3 growth rates.  For the third quarter we expect new software license revenues to grow a negative 2% to plus 8% in constant currency and minus 10% to flat assuming today’s rates.  We expect non-GAAP and GAAP total revenues to grow 8% to 11% in constant currency and 1% to 4% assuming today’s rates. Assuming a Q3 tax rate of 28.5% we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be $0.34 to $0.36 in constant currency and $0.31 to $0.33 assuming today’s rates.  We expect GAAP earnings per share to be $0.26 to $0.27 in constant currency and $0.22 to $0.24 assuming today’s rates. We’d like to highlight three observations, first we have a large revenue and customer base diversified by product, by geography, and by industry in both the public and private sectors. We believe this broad platform allows us to outperform our competitors.  Second our software license update and product support revenues on a trailing 12-month basis were $11.5 billion or approximately 48% of our total revenues with very high renewal rates. During the technology downturn from 2001 to 2003, our support revenues grew by 10%. Third we believe in continued investment in research and development. At the same time we are sensible in our approach to controlling costs. As a reminder during the last downturn our operating margins grew by 180 basis points from 2001 to 2003. Now I’ll turn the call over to Safra.
Safra Catz : Thanks Jeff, as Jeff mentioned and all of you know the dollar strengthened substantially during the course of Q2 and the impact of the move in the currency also depends very much on the timing of the move in the quarter.  As you know the dollar was under 1, 130 against the Euro for the entire month of November and for us that’s both the last and the most important month of Q2. As Jeff indicated we hit our license growth target on a constant currency basis and in dollars, currency impacted our new license revenue growth by five points more then the three points assumed in our September guidance. This brought us to a total of an eight point year-over-year headwind effectively bringing our Q2 new software license revenue guidance from the 2% to 12% to negative 3% to 7% based on currency alone. What’s not so obvious is the impact of currency on all the other line items. Such a substantial swing in currency during the quarter impacts us across the board including for example the nearly two points on our tax rate which by the way accounted for another cent of EPS. The strengthening dollar effects our revenue mix subjecting more of our revenue to the US tax rate which is of course among the highest in the world.  To give you a tangible example of the currency impact on tax the shift in the dollar alone during the quarter completely overwhelmed the benefit we received from the R&D tax credit. Even ignoring the tax rate impact I just spoke of, had the dollar not strengthened so substantially throughout the quarter our non-GAAP EPS would have come in at around $0.37, again $0.03 higher, then what we reported today.  Now of course obviously currency was not the only news going on in the quarter in the outside world and yet we feel just extremely good about our results. We’ll continue to make the smart choices as we manage the business but as Larry and Charles will address, the product and competitive positioning of the company is strong and that shows in the results.  When you combine our product strength with our financial strength already delivering the highest margins among our peers and nearly twice as high as SAP, we believe we are well positioned relative to all of our competitors.  With that I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Ellison : Thanks Safra, I’m going to highlight three separate product areas; middleware, sales automation on demand and our new database machine. Middleware sales continue to grow very strongly even in this economic climate, even after correcting for the strengthening of the dollar. We believe we are at least the same size as IBM in middleware and we may have in fact, have passed them to be the number one middleware company.  If we haven’t passed them, we are very, very close in terms of revenue and our middleware business is growing dramatically faster then IBM’s middleware revenue.  In sales on demand, our primary competitor there is salesforce.com and this quarter was conspicuous and a series of competitive wins against salesforce.com. One which was our largest ever on demand or cloud computing, whatever you want to call it, a competitive win over salesforce.com was actually a replacement of salesforce.com.  The customer will be de-installing salesforce and replacing it with Oracle sales on demand so we’re very excited about that. That business is now growing. When we compete head-to-head with salesforce we win more deals then we lose and that’s new in the last couple of quarters.  And finally the Oracle database machine which we introduced in Open World or we announced in Open World and we’ve begun selling this past quarter. As measured by pipeline growth and pipeline size, this is the most successful introduction of a new product in Oracle’s history so there’s huge interest out there and quantified by an enormous pipeline which we’ve built. We think its going to be a while before we are able to convert this pipeline, we’ve got a number of demonstration machines both Oracle and Hewlett Packard being put in the hands of customers but that business looks very, very promising and should help us drive growth over the next 18 months. With that I’ll turn it over to Charles Phillips.
Charles Phillips : Thanks Larry, just to give you a sense of the activity of what’s going on out there our customers continue to engage in discussion, evaluation of new projects and technologies, our community is very active. Our sales events attendance which is a good indicator of future activity is still growing and up year-over-year as is our pipeline and obviously we have to see how that closes out in the balance of the year.  But our strategy of having an integrated [stack] that spans database, middleware, CRM, ERP, and industry applications plays very well in an environment where customers are having to rationalize technology investments and reduce complexity.  So we can help customers consolidate these systems, retire customizations and below cost platforms better then any other company so those messages aren’t new for us. We’ve been consistent in saying them but they are suddenly much more relevant to customers right now.  A few comments by product area, and database area, to highlight as Larry mentioned was the HP Oracle database machine which is certainly attracting a lot of interest out of the gate. Just to give you a sense of why that is, [Mobile Tel] for instance is evaluating our database machine for fast performance on 65 billion records of data.  Their initial query performance is 10x to 72x faster then their current systems. The Chicago Mercantile Exchange, they had a query that was taking four minutes, they tested it, and it ran in 10 seconds. They weren’t even aware that the query had completed. So that’s the type of performance that we’re seeing and the machine is starting to sell itself. Moving on to middleware, middleware was clearly the standout in the quarter. We continue to post strong numbers there in market share gains.  I just wanted to clear up a little controversy on kind of how we’re doing post BEA since there have been some questions out there. So number one, all the products within [Fusion] middleware are growing very strongly including [inaudible], portals, BI, identity management, and content management.  We now have 80,000 customers. We are growing at four to five times the rate of IBM Web Sphere. We are clearly taking share so I wanted to give you a sense of the types of head to head wins we are enjoying against IBM Web Sphere and just in Q2 alone, companies like [Rapeon], The IRS, DFW Airport, USDA, New Core Steel, China Mobile, [Dubai] Insurance Group, Toshiba, The Good Guys in Australia, Nebraska State College, South Bank, the German Federal Employment Office, KB Finance Group, [Telephonica], and there’s more we could talk about.  So we’re continuing to enjoy a strong performance in middleware and gaining market share there. Other general wins for middleware on the general platform, Wellington Management, application server PG&E where we replaced Net Weaver, Verizon Communications, [Equinex] where we replaced [JBoss], for the [inaudible] platform the University of Arizona, I EEE, for performance management the Hyperion products, St. Jude Medical, Internal Revenue Service, even though they’re using the SAP backend they want to consolidate in our products.  Business intelligence, we had good wins over business objects and SAP at [We Pro], Fitch Ratings, Network [World] in the UK, content management good wins at Allstate, Department of Labor, and [Accent] Australia. In identity management, International Paper where we replaced Computer Associates and [Megabond]. In the applications area Larry mentioned that we’re doing very well in CRM on demand and we’re certainly getting our traction now. What we think is happening is is the market is becoming more sophisticated as enterprises start to deploy and scale and they’re demanding enterprise integration scalability and security.  We have strong customer adoption at Siemens, we had a 12,000-seat win, that’s [inaudible] implementation and we’ll become the standard there. US Food Service where we beat salesforce.com about 7,000 users there. [Matreol] Healthcare displaced salesforce.com there and in West Pack where we also beat saleforce.com. So we have had quite a bit of momentum there and I forgot to mention [Swisscom] as well, another 3,000 seats. We’re making good progress on AIA, our integration platform. Four new process integration packs in the quarter, that makes a total of 20. We shipped JD Edwards to [inaudible], Siebel trade management, to [demantra] and to several others.  Some addition application wins to highlight, ERP, [Gentrix] Corporation, [inaudible]. In the area of CRM on premise, HP and Eli Lily. For Agile PLM, [Telmar] Networks, Digital Health Group, Demantia, Demand Planning, NCR Corporation, Land-o-Lakes, transportation management, McGraw Hill and [Valspar].  In the area of banking, Brazilian American Merchant Bank and Union Bank of California. Our communications GBU had another good quarter, won Cox Communications which was a replacement win over [Amdocs], Swisscom, Tacona Digital Networks, another win over Amdocs, and [inaudible] UK. In tax and utilities CBU, good wins at the Mexican [Tax] Institute, Trust [inaudible] and in healthcare, [Sharingplow] and Elon Pharmaceuticals. This is also a good time for people to consider focusing on ways on getting to the latest release and we’re seeing a lot of good activity there. Once they’re on the latest release is they become eligible for more add-on and product sales for us for up sell and cross sell. So just to give you a sense of that Siebel 8.0, 42% of the customers on the latest, people soft 9.0, 40% as well. And we’re seeing more customers move about 4% to 5% a quarter for each of the major product lines. We had about 25 new releases this quarter for our major applications. All those major product lines are certified on 11G. That helps our uptick there as well.  And then lastly some go-lives in the quarter that are important to track, Face Book and HBO, on the enterprise EBS R12 Green Mountain Coffee, Duke University. In addition we had Payless Shoes, Pfizer Animal Health, Monster Worldwide, [Synaptics], and Las Vegas Water Supply.  With that, we’re ready for your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: On the maintenance revenue it sounds like there was a currency impact on the quarter on a year-on-year basis obviously can you talk about the currency impact sequentially and maybe drill down on your comment about renewal rates being consistent, was there any change on the pricing side or any other mechanics around the maintenance stream.
Jeff Epstein : The renewal rates were consistent and in non-GAAP constant currency year-on-year license updates and support was up 21%. I think that’s the right way to look at it. 
Larry Ellison : There’s a little bit of seasonality in support but, so year-on-year it’s the appropriate metric. 
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: And on the technology business it sounds like middleware was an area of strength, you still grew on a constant currency basis despite how tough the market was can you talk a bit about the other areas, the core database, and maybe some of the options, what you saw from a segment perspective.
Larry Ellison : In the core database business we were—
Charles Phillips : Work it down on a combined basis, of course we don’t break out the numbers between middleware and database. What I’d say to that, obviously the options continue to do very well. With the database machine out there obviously we have a strong pipeline building there. All the components of middleware we’re doing well also.  So I think we’ve been fairly consistent with recent quarters. 
Jeff Epstein : Twelve percent in currency and database and middleware all together compared to 22% last year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: On maintenance again, because clearly that’s what we love about the Oracle model is the maintenance line, but as customers came back through the quarter did you find that they were trying to negotiate down maintenance, maybe taking a lower service level, just broadly how resilient do you think that line can be as we go into the teeth of this recession. 
Larry Ellison : We only offer one service level for maintenance. We offer, seven days a week, 24 hours a day enterprise level maintenance so there’s, we offer a full service system and we don’t have different levels, we don’t have a gold, silver, platinum kind of maintenance.  In addition to that we offer advance customer services which people can buy on an hourly or a daily basis. A few customers tried to negotiate but that’s nothing new. We experience that all the time and our renewal rates were consistent with previous quarters and I’d say nothing out of the ordinary happened. 
Safra Catz : As you know usually this maintenance on software is an extremely small percentage of many of our customers’ IT budgets. The bulk of their budget is actually labor, both their own and systems integrator and things like that so their maintenance bill is added up for use for all sorts of different companies software now as we’ve acquired more and more companies. But the renewal rates remain very, very high because the software is usually absolutely critical for them to continue operating. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: On the application business, clearly it’s a tougher area then maintenance as we’re in a recession, are you changing anything with regard to go-to-market, maybe thinking more about smaller tactical deals just to keep momentum on the application side.
Larry Ellison : I think customers are signing up for fewer multi year $100 million contracts and implementation but fortunately we have a very broad portfolio. We continue to add to it with Prima Vera, things like [Damantra], the number of things we purchase, allow them to implement very specific best of breed applications and get a very rapid return on investment where its not a multi year project or an incredibly project before they get a benefit.  So we’re seeing more of those projects then let’s say a huge multi year ERP system coming in. Though we get those also. We’re winning deals in the government. We just recently won another state with a very large ERP implementation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini - UBS 
Heather Bellini - UBS:  I had a question in regards to your close rate assumptions for license revenue, I’m just wondering how you go about handicapping the close rate assumptions given how challenging the current environment is and then I had a follow-up question on operating margin, these are margin levels that are usually reserved for your fiscal Q4 and I just was wondering if you could share with us what type of efficiencies, what drove the efficiencies this quarter to get the margins that high and how should we think about your ability to continue to get the efficiencies out of the business.
Safra Catz : The issue with margins for us is really much less about cost as it is about the mix of our business and as we’ve told you all for really a number of years the large subscriber base we have, the large number of existing customers that are already using our software who pay for update rights, so they don’t have to re-buy the licenses is a very profitable part of our business and as that number gets bigger and bigger it is really impossible for us to actually spend our way through it.  And so in general that is sort of the overriding thing that guides our margins consistently higher. There are, at any particular quarter there’ll be anomalies here or there based on a number of different things but that’s really in general the most important thing and that’s why really for a number of years we’ve been explaining to you that our margins are going to continue to go up as long as we manage the business smartly. The first question you asked actually was about close rates and what we did this quarter as we do every quarter is we have to make some sort of close rate assumptions based on the size of the pipeline. Now our pipelines are and remain very large and continue to grow but we are taking into account the environment. We as I always say read the same newspaper, watch the same shows, financial shows you all do, so we’ve decided that we would take a lower close rate for our Q3 guidance then we have ever had before during the Q3 just because we want to be thoughtful about what Q3 holds for us.  So we have gone ahead and used a lower close rate then Q3 usually comes in at for our current license guidance.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John DiFucci - JPMorgan  
John DiFucci - JPMorgan :  On the guidance, one of the areas you actually got a lot of efficiency here was on the cost of services, so you have services margins greater then you normally have and just even just looking forward how should we model that going forward.
Safra Catz : First of all I just want to remind you as much as I’ve told you about currency on the revenue side, there is impact of currency on the expense side too. Now of course because our margins are so high the benefit of it is obviously smaller. So just understand that currency impacts all those lines also so it’ll make things look slightly different. The fact is that there is a lot of leverage in some of these different services lines and so as you get bigger you can have some expanding margins.  A number of our businesses were operated more efficiently in the services line this past quarter and that’s not really where the big win is. The big win is as license update rights, expenses don’t grow nearly as much as license and products support revenue and growth and that’s where the big leverage is. 
John DiFucci - JPMorgan : On the maintenance line, you show nice growth year-over-year 14% and it was actually a sequential decline of 3% and that’s why people are wondering about the sequential impact as far as foreign exchange because typically you don’t see that in this quarter. So if you could just address that. 
Jeff Epstein : It is mostly foreign exchange.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company 
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company:  When you do your win loss analysis following this quarter what were the most consistent themes in why you were winning deals and particularly why you were winning competitive deals and if there was a deal you happen to lose, why you might have lost that deal or deals. 
Charles Phillips : We’re in a lot of product areas but I would say that one new theme that we see all the time was consolidating system and rationalizing environments, those old messages are working very well for us and this is a good environment to standardize on a single stack so our strategy plays well to people who are looking to lower costs right now and thinking about it a bit differently. In middleware its just sheer product performance. We have so many feature advantages there and just the comprehensive products we, if we can get someone technically to look at the product line we always win. If we lose its based on some legacy relationship that IBM had but that’s happening less and less. I feel very good about where we are in middleware. 
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company: And when you compete in the applications business and you present an ROI for an all Oracle solution is there a standard ratio of what a all Oracle solution can be relative to say and SAP IBM or even potentially an SAP Oracle solution would be.
Charles Phillips : Well its not just cost, we are less expensive just because we use simpler technology plus the fact that we have features and processes that they simply don’t have, they don’t have a core [inaudible] application, they don’t have a retail merchandising application so some of these areas its us versus building it yourself or buying it from a very small company and so we use those areas as differentiators. You can have that same functionality and domain expertise but based, from a large company on a standard platform.  So if we can get people to actually look at the actual software and do demos, that’s when we win. 
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company: You had mentioned that you had ratcheted down your close rate assumption given your time in front of CNBC, are you comfortable sharing any sort of metrics about how much you’re ratcheting down close rate expectations.
Safra Catz : Its really significantly lower both in the average then any previous year. Its quite significant frankly though it may end up being overly low but you don’t know.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill - Citigroup 
Brent Thill - Citigroup:  On R&D you had a pretty strong sequential drop, I was wondering if you could comment, you typically haven’t seen that in past years Q1 and Q2, how much more room is there in R&D line, was this just a shift of the expense or was it an absolute stop of some of the expense. 
Safra Catz : It’s a bunch of different things. As I said, some of it is related to currency. Some of it has to do with just a bunch of different things. It is not as a result of a headcount decline. It just so happens its between mix and comp payments and I don’t know how much you know about our R&D team, but we have a very large number of folks outside of the United States, in India and currency had a significant impact between US and the Indian Rupees and there’s a bunch of different things related to compensation etc. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: And Larry mentioned at the Analyst Day the pace of acquisitions would pick up in a tougher environment, I guess if you could just characterize, are you thinking about doing a blend of smaller transactions, or are you still keeping in mind some larger transactions as the environment gets tougher into 2009.
Safra Catz : We’re very opportunistic, we’re always shopping and we’re always looking for things that make sense for us but we are continuing to follow sort of our regular rules of return requirements etc. and strategic fit so we continue to be on the same path we’ve been on and we look at things whether small or large all the time. 
Larry Ellison : I think that’s exactly right. Some companies have much more attractive valuations right now but I’m not sure they’d be wildly enthusiastic about selling for cash at this point in time. So we’re going to wait and see how things play out and we’re looking at a number of small acquisitions in the vertical areas and some potential opportunities for a large company acquisition if the price is right.  
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest Securities  
Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest Securities :  On Europe we saw another second unusually weak quarter out of Europe on the app side relative to the other categories and other geographies, any plans to make changes or anything to address that weakness there.
Safra Catz : No actually this is really no different, first of all it wasn’t just in Europe, both Q1 and Q2 are absolutely impossible comparisons on the app side, year-over-year comparisons, and that’s exactly what you’re saying. We actually virtually telegraphed it during the Q1 call for you all.  Last year those quarters, both Q1 and Q2 were up over 50%, up 77% in Q1 and 72% as reported and even in constant dollars you see its in the high 50s and that just ends up a number in the base and so its really a matter of a comparison. It was exactly the same issue if you look at the table we distribute with the earnings announcement, you’ll see that that is exactly what played out in Q1 also and its impacted not only Europe but its virtually in all the regions. 
Roy Lobo: I want to thank everyone for taking the time to join us and participate in today’s call. I’d like to also inform everyone that we will no longer be issuing supplemental tables with the press release. You can access those supplemental tables directly on our website. Thank you again.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-09-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Roy Lobo - Investor Relations Safra A. Catz - Co-President, Chief Financial Officer, Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Director Charles E. Phillips - Co-President, Director
Analysts:  Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Heather Bellini - UBS Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities John DiFucci - J.P. Morgan  Brent Thill - Citigroup  
Operator:  Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Roy Lobo, Head of Investor Relations at Oracle. Please go ahead, sir.
Roy Lobo: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle's first quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison; Oracle's President, Charles Phillips, and Oracle's President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz. Joining us in the room today is also Jeff Epstein, our Executive Vice President who will become our CFO [inaudible]. We will begin with a few prepared remarks and then take a few questions from the audience. Let me begin by reminding everyone that today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinion only as of the date of this presentation.  Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Throughout today's discussion we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should always review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle investor relations website at www.oracle.com/investor. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Safra Catz for her opening comments.
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Roy. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. I'm going to first focus on our non-GAAP results for Q1. I’ll then review guidance for Q2 and then turn the call over to Larry and Charles.  Our non-GAAP EPS grew 32% to $0.29, setting us up well for another year of very strong EPS growth. This quarter’s 32% growth is compared to our non-GAAP earnings growth of 27% in Q1 of last year and it follows the 27% earnings growth we had in Q4.  We were also able to improve our operating profitability by 350 basis points this quarter to 40.1%, achieving the highest Q1 non-GAAP operating margin in the company’s history and really proving once again the leverage of our model. Our non-GAAP operating income grew 29% to $2.2 billion. This quarter we came in at the midpoint of our license guidance, despite a very tough comparison to last year’s 35% license growth. The currency impact for the quarter was positive four points on revenue as compared to the five points I included in my June guidance. New software license revenues were up 14% to $1.2 billion, right at the midpoint of my guidance, adjusting for the change in currency impact. We saw exceptional strength in our technology license business, with revenues growing 27%, improving on last year’s Q1 growth of 23% and following our 23% growth in Q4 of 2008.  BEA contributed $84 million in the quarter but we need to remember that this is now a merged product with Fusion Middleware in most cases and so the allocations are not precise.  Our applications license revenue contributed $331 million in the quarter and that is down by 12% in the quarter, primarily due to the 65% applications growth we had last Q1. We are extremely pleased with our execution and growth in our applications business, since our application license revenue has more than tripled over the last three years.  Operating cash flows for the trailing 12 months increased by $1.3 billion to $7.9 billion, while free cash flow increased 20%. Product updates and support revenue was up 24% on a non-GAAP basis to $3 billion. Our first quarter product update and support revenue alone is now bigger than the total annual software revenues for all but the top five software companies.  As you can see, the scale of our business combined with our recurring revenue model enables us to deliver free cash flow, net income growth, margin improvement, and earnings growth.  In Q1, we bought back approximately 22.7 million shares at an average price of $21.97. As we have said, the rate of our buy-back will fluctuate each quarter, taking into account both our stock price and alternative uses for our cash.  Now, let me turn to guidance -- our as-reported guidance for Q2 will show a substantial change in exchange rates as the dollar has strengthened enormously. The currency contribution in Q2 last year was a positive seven points. Our currency assumption for this quarter is a negative three points.  Now, I want to remind everyone that we don’t actually predict currency -- all we do is take currency spot rates where they are today for the purposes of giving our as-reported guidance. In my guidance today, I’ll give you the constant currency range, the range as reported, and the currency assumption I use to get to the as-reported range.  If currency moved up or down during the quarter, you should assume that the midpoint of our as-reported guidance moves as well -- in other words, you should really just read through the currency impact.  The important point to remember on currency is it doesn’t impact our pricing or our competitive position as we do not adjust the global price list daily. So if rates in the quarter were to stay the same as they are today, the as-reported guidance assumes three points of negative currency impact on our Q2 growth rates.  With that, new software license revenues are expected to be up 5% to 15% year over year in constant currency and then 2% to 12%, assuming that rates stay where they are at negative 3.  Total revenue is expected to be up 12% to 15% year over year on a non-GAAP basis in constant currency and 9% to 12%, assuming today’s rate. Total revenue on a GAAP basis is expected to be up 12% to 15% in constant currency and 9% to 12%, assuming today’s rate. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.35 to $0.36 assuming today’s rate. GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be $0.26 to $0.27.  This guidance assumes a tax rate of 27% for Q2 and 28.2% in Q2 -- versus 28.2 in Q2 last year as a result of our mix of earnings between higher tax and lower tax jurisdictions.  Our pipeline continues to grow at a very healthy rate. Our forecast looks good and I am using regular, meaning normal historical close rates. I want to emphasize that our Q2 license guidance is a function of a tough comparison against a very big quarter last year. In Q2 last year, we delivered 38% new license growth, 63% applications growth, and 28% technology growth.  Now, since it’s topical, let me quickly address financial services -- as I said at analyst day, our exposure to banking customers globally is in the low-single-digits. Our exposure to U.S. banks is even lower. The U.S. banking and mortgage situation has been playing out for months and we do not believe that it should have a material impact on our performance for the quarter. In addition, we’ve reviewed our exposure to financial institutions who are reported to be facing significant asset impairment and liquidity risk and have concluded that our exposure is de minimis and immaterial.  Now, before I turn the call over to Larry, I just want to welcome Jeff Epstein who is here with us today. Next quarter, Jeff will participate in this call as he will take over as CFO once we file our first quarter 10-Q.  With that, let me turn the call over to Larry for his comments. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thanks, Safra. I would like to emphasize and try to explain while we are able to consistently improve our margins year over year, year after year, year after year. It’s because of economies of scale and there are two parts of that economies of scale story. First is the one that Safra mentioned, that our license renewal business, sometimes called maintenance, software maintenance, is now approximately half of our business and that’s an extremely high margin business and it continues to grow in a very healthy fashion, so that’s a reshaping of our business, where the highest margin portion of our business is now also the largest portion of our business.  And the second part of the economy of scale story is our market share growth across a number of product lines. Gartner recently -- by the way, the fact that we have number one market share is helpful for the following two reasons: when you have number one market share, you sell more of your product than anybody else, you are able to invest more in engineering, improve your product more rapidly, and simultaneously bring more money to the bottom line. So the fact that we sell more databases than anybody else means we can invest more in improving our database and every year that our database increases in market share, we can increase our investment in engineering and increase our profitability, increase the margin of our database business.  Our database business according to Gartner’s latest report, which covers the year 2007, lists the Oracle database with a 49% market share, which is larger than the next four competitors combined. In order, that means we are larger than IBM plus Microsoft plus Teradata plus Sybase with our 49% share. Again, that allows us to invest more in engineering and bring more to the bottom line.  Our fastest growing business is our middleware business, which grew 35% in Q1. Again, Gartner just reported on 2007 -- we think that 35% growth has moved us from number two to number in middleware. We’ve either passed IBM or we are about to pass IBM in the middleware business. Again, that will allow us to invest more in middleware than anybody else and bring more to the bottom line as we are number one not only in database but also in middleware.  In the application space, we have been for a long time number one in CRM. We are number one in ERP in North America. We are number one in a variety of industries, including communications, retail, and other. These number one positions again allow us to invest more in R&D while continuously expanding our margins.  I’d like to turn it over to Charles. 
Charles E. Phillips: Thanks, Larry. I just want to make a few comments by major product area. We had a very solid quarter in technology and middleware, as you saw. I think of note our core enterprise edition database was the strongest quarter in over three years. I think we had excellent execution on integrating the BEA acquisition and we are very pleased with the product integration milestones we’ve reached and the overall customer endorsement of the strategy and the product line.  Larry mentioned the Gartner report on the database side. They came out with their annual database vendor market share and once again it showed Oracle expanding its market share lead. According to Gartner, Oracle accounted for 49% market share in database, which is more than the next four vendors combined -- IBM, Microsoft, Teradata, and Sybase. The report also showed Oracle gaining on Microsoft on the Windows platform as well. We grew 21% last year; Microsoft grew 16.5% according to Gartner.  In addition, we are seeing significant adoption of 11g on pace with the 10g adoption curve. We expect that momentum to continue. Since the August 2007 release of the Oracle Database 11g, we’ve had 450,000 downloads. Over 200 ISVs have certified and once a customer has upgraded, they are eligible for additional options, such as active data guard, advanced compression, total recall, and a very important one, real application testing. That one allows you to capture and replay Oracle's test applications and we’ve now back-ported that to 10g and 9IR2, so more customers can upgrade as they test their applications and get to 11g.  There will be an additional 11g update this quarter. It will contain some ease of use enhancements and a major dimension to the product line to be discussed next week. It’s more than a feature, let’s say -- it puts Oracle into a new segment of the database market, which should help us sustain the consistent market share gains we’ve enjoyed the last several years, so if you want to hear the details, please come on out to OpenWorld in San Francisco next week.  A short comment on the Linux platform -- our Linux product continues to do well. Some name brand customers standardizing on it this quarter -- State University of New York, Corning, Payless Shoe Stores, and Quantum Corp.  In the middleware area, we did a great job I think of actively integrating the BEA products, led by Thomas Kurian and his team. The majority of the BEA employees were retained. We’ve briefed over 5,000 BEA customers, so we’ve been aggressive in getting out there in front of partners and customers. We’ve conducted half the executive and technical briefings on BEA and the Fusion Middleware with over 1,200 partners and launched a 70-city worldwide tour to welcome BEA customers and partners. Next week, 1,500 BEA user group alumni are coming to OpenWorld, which is the same amount they had at their entire conference prior to the acquisition, so we haven’t lost anyone. We also created a BEA customer strategy council to get direct feedback from their largest 150 customers.  On the product side, as part of the 100-day release plan for BEA products, we announced which products we’d be shipping. We delivered each one of them. A few of them to talk about -- Web Logic Server 10g R3, [JRock] Admission Control, Web Logic Network Gatekeeper and several others.  As part of that same 100-day plan that Thomas and I talked about when we did the webcast in July, there will be an additional 19 products certified on the Web Logic Server 10g R3 platform within the Oracle product line this quarter. Those are all on track.  Some key customer wins -- ESPN was a competitive win over Microsoft on the dot.net platform; Capital One, some financial customers are still buying [inaudible]; City of New York, which was a broad platform deal; [inaudible] services from Marvel Entertainment, Nissan; big Oracle business intelligence wins at American Red Cross, [Marsh & McLennan]; content management with Abu Dhabi and the State of Kansas.  In the application area, some key ERP wins with Daimler -- that was a win over SAP for HR and recruiting; Avon Products -- that was a [inaudible] win; Illinois State University, where we beat Sun Guard and SAP for PeopleSoft [HDL].  CRM, we won at Farmer’s Insurance -- that was a win over Salesforce and SAP; we also released two Fusion-based applications in the quarter, one called Sales Prospector and the other one was mobile CRM for the iPhone.  In addition, we had good wins for our agile PLM product at Marvel and Clarion, which is a subsidiary of Hitachi. G-log transportation management, we beat SAP at Don Foods and All Express [and the largest] supermarket retail chain in Brazil.  Some very key strategic wins in core banking platform -- Deutsche Bank chose us for the FLEXCUBE Private Banking; Société Générale for FLEXCUBE Universal Banking; and JPMorganChase for [inaudible] for credit and operational risk management -- sounds like a lot [inaudible] about that a year ago.  And then retail, Carrefour, the largest retailer in Europe, and our enterprise tax product, which we are pretty much the leading vendor there, not many off-the-shelf products there, we won the North Carolina Department of Revenue. They are going to move their tax system to an off-the-shelf product from Oracle.  Telecommunications, Telecom Italia and Samsung Networks for billing and revenue management, and then some interesting go-lives in the quarter -- Facebook went live on EBS R12. They went live in nine months. JDS Uniphase went R12 in Demantra, live in three months. [inaudible] International went live on Demantra and Land of Lakes, live on JD Edwards 8.12 and Hyperion.  Overall, we feel really good about where we sit. I think we are being viewed as a very safe partner for both customers and employees in the marketplace. It’s getting easier for us to hire [the competition]. We’ve got some great upgrades and key hires in key countries around the world. Our licensing organization is approaching 19,000 around the world and that’s a key strength in the marketplace and we look good from where we sit.  I’ll turn it back over to Roy. 
Roy Lobo: Thank you, Charles. So with that, I’d like to open the call for questions and answers. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll go first to Sara Friar with Goldman Sachs. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot. Two questions -- first on the margin side, you are off to a great start overall for the year but Safra, could we really think about fiscal ’09 being yet another margin expansion year for you? I know with BEA folding in originally we kind of thought it would be more flattish to slightly down. 
Safra A. Catz: No, I actually expect us to continue to improve margins as the operating leverage in the business really continues. As Larry mentioned, at our size we have enormous economies of scale, both because of our back office and our distribution capability but most importantly, we have an enormous maintenance space. These are our existing customers paying us annually for the right to receive the newest software that we are writing and that’s a very highly profitable part of our business because we are spending the $3 billion in R&D already to build those products, so we expect margins to continue to expand. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: And even in a tough environment, I’m presuming that still gets quite protected because most -- a lot of it is coming out of that maintenance stream. That’s quite sticky, correct?
Safra A. Catz: Well, it’s extremely rare for a customer not to renew their maintenance contract. They still need to run their business and our software is absolutely critical to really most of the industrialized world to run their businesses so we are very much required and they are going to renew their maintenance contracts with us. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: And then could I just follow-up on geographic -- anything that you saw, Europe weakening -- I know it’s a tough quarter because it’s European summer so it’s hard to tell if it’s weak or if it’s just the summer but it looked like apps in particular in Europe were perhaps weaker than normal. 
Safra A. Catz: All you are really seeing, it was really nothing special at all about the quarter. Remember, it’s Q1, small differences make a big difference, and it was a very difficult comparison and that’s really all you are seeing and because it’s Q1, it’s always the small quarter in comparison, obviously not in comparison to other companies but in comparison to the Q4 that it follows, so smaller differences just have a larger impact percentage wise. Nothing special at all this past quarter. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Well, thanks very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Heather Bellini with UBS.
Heather Bellini - UBS: Good afternoon, guys and nice margin quarter as well. I had a question, Safra, just in regard to the current macro environment and the impact the volatility in the stock market is potentially going to have on deal closings. I think that is something a lot of people in the market are concerned about. You mentioned you feel confident about your exposure to financial services. I was just wondering, in the past you’ve shared with us your assumptions behind close rates for the upcoming quarter in terms of whether you were using in line with normal historicals or whether you might be being a little bit more conservative going into November, given the environment we are in. 
Safra A. Catz: Actually, the close rates that I’m using are very much in line with where historical rates are. You know, they move around a little bit quarter to quarter. There is nothing particularly special about these rates. I think they are sort of completely appropriate and consistent with previous years and quarters, et cetera, and what’s going on right now. I’ve not gone out of my way to make any adjustment, actually. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, and the quick follow-up I have would be what was your experience in August? Was your close rate in line with normal assumptions in the August quarter?
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, they were within sort of our normal range of close rate, nothing special. It’s a real nothing special quarter. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Peter Goldmacher with Cowen.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company: Thank you. Can you talk a little bit about when you all talk to customers, if you are working through a big deal, what is generally their purchasing priority? Is database capacity far more important than applications? Is middleware more important than database capacity? How does services fit into that whole mix? I don’t want to make more of an issue over the negative apps comp because I know it’s off a really tough comp but as you guys go forward, every impression I get is that spending intentions are softening a little bit and where would you expect to see it show up first?
Charles E. Phillips: Well, it all seems to be important. I mean, these are normally project-driven and sometimes different buyers in the same company, so I’m not sure you can segment it like that but these are things they are going to have to do eventually and where they fall, whether it’s this quarter or next quarter, they do get them done. These are customers that are normally buying from us who are already customers, so they are extending their relationship and automating things that need to be automated and lowering their cost. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: And let me add that if you look at the buying intentions, we follow it pretty closely, that the Oracle brand has bubbled to the top into a number of these surveys and while their might be some softness in the overall number for buying intentions, Oracle has held up better than its peers. 
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company: No, I’m not -- it’s clear with your results that you guys have held up better than your peers but if I understand what Chuck is saying, there’s no real -- your customers generally don’t make a distinction between the database budget and an application budget, things just -- they either have a budget or they don’t and they plow it through regardless?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yeah, I think each customer has a different set of priorities so it depends where they are, what they deem their most important investment, if it’s business -- some are buying business intelligence, some are moving to our SOA suite in middleware, some are expanding their database capability, others are putting in a new CRM application. So it really varies an awful lot customer by customer. I don’t think we can say any one product line is seeing more demand.  I think we are taking more share because we are a relatively smaller middleware player than we are a database player, so our middleware business is growing faster because we are taking share at a faster rate in middleware than we are in database but we are taking share in both. 
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley. 
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. I had a couple of questions, maybe fleshing out the strength in the technology business. Charles, you mentioned that the core database was one of the stronger numbers you saw in I think three years, you said. I was wondering if you could talk about why you think it was so strong in the quarter and then maybe update us on options and some of the other elements there. 
Charles E. Phillips: Yeah, I do think 11g has been out long enough now. We’ve gotten an ISV base of around 200, like I said earlier, that helps people [where we can upgrade], and I think just the strength of the product and the relative lack of response from the competition, the distance between what we have and what everybody else has is widening, which I guess is kind of hard to believe after 30 years but that still continues to be the case. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: I think more people are making standardization decisions and an awful lot of people are entering into license agreements where they are -- those license agreements reflect the fact they’ve decided to standardize their database going forward on the Oracle platform and again, that’s why our share is growing. We are getting more and more of these standardization decisions. 
Charles E. Phillips: And we are seeing a bubble of migrations off the mainframe. That happens -- it’s hard to predict when that happens so we have a whole group focused on that and they’ve been doing pretty well the last couple of quarters. 
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: Terrific. If I could just ask a follow-up on BEA, it looked like the revenue numbers were a little bit better than I had expected and it was possibly maybe even a little bit more accretive than we had expected. It’s obviously early days but could you just give us an update on where you think you are on the integration there? Thank you. 
Safra A. Catz: Well, if you are talking about operational integration with BEA, we’re well along on all of it. We’ve got product roadmaps and products out. We are operationally one company, as we were very, very quickly after the acquisition. It’s going very, very well. Customers are delighted. We acquired BEA very much because it made a lot of sense for our customers and it was enormously important for us strategically to move to number one in middleware.  So the reality is customers are delighted, they are voting, continue to vote with their pocketbooks, and operationally we are completely moved on and integrated. So everything is going very, very well at BEA. It was always a very good deal for us financially and it’s a fantastic deal for us strategically. 
Charles E. Phillips: I think from a product perspective, this is one of the fastest starts we’ve ever had to product integration. We had a strategy of embracing standards and being the [inaudible] in the middleware area already so many of our products already coexisted and interoperated with BEA and we knew exactly what we wanted to do when we got in-house and again, Thomas Kurian did a great job of delivering that in the first quarter. 
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Kirk Materne with Banc of America.
Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities: Thanks very much. Safra, it sounded from your comments like the apps business, while it was up against obviously a very tough comp, came in about as planned and two questions around that -- one, I’m assuming by your comments that the pipeline in the applications business is building as you would expect in the first quarter. And then secondly, we’ve heard obviously because of the macro environment some competitors in that particular area are becoming more aggressive on pricing and I just want to get a sense of whether or not you had some irrational pricing going on in some of the deals by say some of the smaller players, if that had any impact in the quarter or not at all. Thanks. 
Safra A. Catz: The apps pipeline is very healthy. The pipeline period at the company is overall very good, very healthy. We are very pleased with where we are at on that.  As far as apps vendors getting irrational -- I’ll tell you, the apps business, as all our businesses remain competitive but there’s nothing new at all. We are not seeing anything specific, anything new in pricing. Our win rates are extremely good. We are very pleased with them and they continue to do very, very well.  So it was simply a matter of just a very tough comparison -- I mean, imagine this business is just so much larger than it was just three years ago. 
Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities: And if I could just ask one really quick follow-up for Charles, just around the vertical markets for the applications business, were there any sort of stand-outs for you at all this quarter?
Charles E. Phillips: I think the utilities business did a great job. That’s utilities and tax. It’s smaller numbers but in terms of customer wins and year-over-year growth, we’re finally getting our feet on the ground and getting some traction there and this tax market could be a large one, since there’s not really a product out there that for large organizations that need to collect taxes, they usually build that for many, many years. So that one stood out.  We had some good design wins in financial services. I think retail kind of hit their number but the pipeline going into next quarter looks even better. So overall, not bad on the industry side. 
Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities: Thanks very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to John DiFucci with J.P. Morgan.
John DiFucci - J.P. Morgan : Thank you. Just a quick follow-up on the macro side -- I know you said you really haven’t seen a whole lot unusual and you continue to execute better than most but as Safra said in the past, you all read the papers too and you see what’s happening out there and there’s been other tech companies that have come out and said that they are starting to feel the softening out there and you seem to be able to weather through that. I’m just curious -- why do you think that’s so and when do you think perhaps you might start to see it, or give a little color around that?
Safra A. Catz: Well you know, we can’t see into the far, far away future and -- but I’ll tell you, the reality is that the company has so much momentum, such a broad product line that if a customer is buying they are much more likely to buy from us because they have a lot of experience with us and they still have to do whatever it is they need to do. You know, it’s very -- if they’ve got to decide something not to spend on, it’s probably with some smaller guy or something that’s a little bit less strategic and less important.  The company has just a lot -- you know, has a very broad product line, has a lot of very dedicated, committed customers. We’ve got -- our big show is coming up next week. We’ve got over 40,000 folks showing up and so it’s a real -- it’s quite different than what you are reading or seeing on CNBC but the truth is our business has a lot of momentum and we just continue to sort of have our heads down and continue to execute. 
John DiFucci - J.P. Morgan : Thank you, and Safra, just a quick follow-up on something you said earlier -- you said that you don’t adjust global pricing daily and so hence the constant currency rate issues. But I’m just curious -- how often do you adjust global pricing?
Safra A. Catz: Anywhere from every six months to annually. It’s dependent on how much movement there’s been. 
John DiFucci - J.P. Morgan : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll take our final question from Brent Thill with Citigroup. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. You’ve been fortunate to generate $8 billion in operating cash flow and when you look at how you are redeploying that to M&A versus buy-back, I think Safra, you are on pace to equal the buy-back of last year, assuming you keep the $500 million a quarter. But that’s still down from $4 billion the year before, so I guess when you look at balancing the buy-back versus M&A and Larry’s comments about when the economy gets tougher, you would potentially ramp up the M&A machine. Can you just walk through how you are thinking about that balance?
Safra A. Catz: Sure. We actually bought back $4 billion two years ago, or more than two years ago, actually. We’ve been sort of on this pace mostly because we needed the money to pay for Siebel and to pay for Hyperion and to pay for BEA, and so we’ve sent a couple billion back a year for the past couple of years now and we have, depending on what there is, we are somewhat opportunistic but we also look at things, acquisitions as how important they are for us strategically. And of course, we keep in mind where our own stock price is and so we just are always looking at what’s the best use of our cash. I could tell you one thing -- we’re not going to sit around on it necessarily. We are going to send it back to the shareholders or we are going to acquire things that give us earnings, that the shareholders can then benefit from.  So we are not going to necessarily load up a big pile of cash and sit on it. We are going to do one of two things -- we are either going to spend it on deals that bring earnings to the bottom line or we are going to send it home to our shareholders. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Great. I know you mentioned Europe, but I think that’s one area that we’ve been getting questions from your investors as it relates to the applications number being the weakest in that region but just to stress that there was nothing unusual in Europe that you saw -- just the comp was it. 
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, they are really -- you know, you have to look back on what happened in Europe last Q1. It was up 78% -- just there was nothing interesting happening in the Q1 of FY09. It all has to do with the comparison to FY08’s Q1. That’s all that’s going on there -- small numbers have a big impact, especially in Q1. Even within quarters -- that’s why if you really want to understand the business, you’ve really got to look at it trailing 12 months or annually. It’s going to bounce around in the quarters when you have comparisons year over year that are just so massive. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: So your expectation was applications will rebound to positive growth in Q2 and beyond?
Safra A. Catz: Well, for the year we expect the applications business to grow for the year because it’s a growing business and it’s been growing. In any particular quarter, it could move around depending on what the comparison was, especially as you start getting more and more granular by region. Then it’s really bouncing around all over the place and you really, you just look at the spreadsheets we issue with this release and you will see that these things are bouncing around quite a bit quarter to quarter, very dependent on how tough or easy the comparison was a full quarter ago in that region. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks, Safra. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to Roy Lobo for any closing remarks. 
Roy Lobo: Great. Thank you, everyone, for participating in today’s call. A telephone replay will be available for 24 hours. The replay number is 719-457-0820, pass code is 8926904. You can access the webcast replay on the Oracle investor relations website. The webcast replay will be available through the close of market on September 25th.  Thank you, everyone, and with that I would like to turn the call back to the operator for closing. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-06-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Roy Lobo - Investor Relations Safra A. Catz - Co-President, Chief Financial Officer, Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Director Charles E. Phillips - Co-President, Director
Analysts:  Heather Bellini - UBS Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities John DiFucci - J.P. Morgan  Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company Brent Thill - Citigroup  
Operator:  Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Roy Lobo, Head of Investor Relations at Oracle. Please go ahead, sir.
Roy Lobo: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. This is Roy Lobo, Head of Investor Relations. With me on the call are Oracle's Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; Oracle's President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz; and Oracle's President, Charles Phillips. We will begin with a few prepared remarks and then take a few questions from the audience. Let me begin by reminding everyone that today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that can cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinion only as of the date of this presentation.  Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Throughout today's discussions we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle investor relations website at www.oracle.com/investor. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Safra Catz for her opening comments.
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Roy and good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. I'm going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q4 and fiscal year ’08. I’ll then review guidance for Q1 and then turn the call over to Larry and Charles for their comments.  As you can see, Oracle delivered yet another exceptionally strong quarter and ended fiscal year '08 growing earnings per share 29% and improving operating income by 30%. We started the year on a high note with the strongest first half new license growth in more than a decade. We continued that momentum into the second-half, delivering license growth of 28% to $7.5 billion for the year, the highest license growth rate in any fiscal year in the past decade, including during the height of the Internet bubble.  We committed at the beginning of the year to deliver 100 to 200 basis points of margin improvement and we delivered on that commitment with our fiscal year ’08 non-GAAP operating margin of 43%, up two points from last year.  In Q4, we also achieved the highest non-GAAP operating margin in the company's history at 49%. Our non-GAAP EPS grew 29% to $1.30 for the year, well above our EPS growth plan of 20% per year.  At our size, fiscal year ’08 would have been considered a great year when the economy is booming. The fact that we put up these results in these times demonstrates that our strategy is working and our team is executing across the board.  For the quarter, new software license revenues were up an exceptionally strong 27% to $3.1 billion. We saw broad-based geographic and product momentum.  Technology new license revenues were up 23% to $2.1 billion in Q4 and up 24% to $5.1 billion for the full year. Again, this is the fastest growth rate in our technology business in more than a decade. Geographically, we grew technology license revenues 16% in the Americas, 42% in EMEA, and 6% in APAC.  BEA contributed $93 million to new software license revenue in the quarter, exceeding our expectations significantly as BEA customers welcomed the closing of the transaction.  Our applications business delivered new license growth of 36% in Q4 and 38% growth for the full year, which is around three times faster than SAP. We turned in a strong performance geographically, growing 33% in the Americas, 41% in EMEA, and 37% in APAC.  Software license update and product support revenues were up 23% on a non-GAAP basis for the quarter to $2.9 billion and up 23% on a non-GAAP basis to $10.5 billion for the year, exceeding for the first time the $10 billion mark on this highly profitable recurring part of our business.  Our customer retention rates on this business are at an all -- are at a new all-time high.  Our non-GAAP operating income grew 31% to $3.5 billion in the quarter, resulting in margins of 49%. EPS grew 27% to $0.47 on a non-GAAP basis. Operating cash flows increased to $7.4 billion for the year, while free cash flow increased to $7.2 billion for the year.  In Q4, we bought back approximately 24 million shares at an average price of $20.76. For the year, we bought back about 97 million shares at an average price of $20.54, spending a total of $2 billion.  The currency impact for the quarter was a positive six points on revenue.  Now, before I turn to guidance, I want to make a few quick points about Q1. First of all, as you all know, we are up against very tough Q1 comparisons this year since we delivered 35% new software license revenue growth in Q1 of last year on top of a great Q1 the year before. And of course, I want to remind everyone that Q1 at Oracle still ends in August.  Second, we are aware of the broader economic environment in which we operate and we can’t predict the economy from one quarter to the next. We are confident in our model and our ability to deliver earnings growth in fiscal ‘09 and beyond and because of our broad-based, highly diversified customer base, both by industry and by geography.  Last, BEA's contribution this quarter exceeded our expectations significantly, proving again that customers prefer to purchase these products from Oracle. Now, we believe our BEA acquisition came precisely at the right time, financially and strategically, and the BEA support base will add to our cash flow margin and earnings story for the year. That said, I know everyone is aware that Q1 is our first full quarter with BEA as part of Oracle and, as with every one of our past acquisitions, there is always a short period of adjustment as people and products are brought together.  Now, since it is hard to forecast I thought I would give you some specific guidance regarding BEA and as you can see from our Q4 results, we're integrating BEA very well and they have already assumed our seasonal pattern, which is a very strong Q4 finish and a sequentially down Q1. As a result, we expect them to sell no more than $50 million to $60 million in new licenses in Q1.  With that, our guidance for Q1 is as follows: new software license revenues are expected to be up 10% to 20% year over year; total revenue is expected to be up 18% to 20% year over year on a non-GAAP basis; total revenue on a GAAP basis is also expected to be 18% to 20%; non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.26 or$0.27; GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be $0.17 to $0.18.  This guidance assumes a tax rate of 29.9% in Q1 versus 30% last year. Now, if current exchange rates hold for the entire quarter that will result in 5 points of positive currency impact for Q1 but as you know, currencies are likely to fluctuate and as a result the final results could differ significantly.  With that, I’ll turn over the call to Larry for his comments.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thanks, Safra. Well, we like our strategy and we like our ability to execute. Execution is all about the team and this is the strongest management team we have ever had at Oracle and it is getting stronger. We announced a new Head of Oracle Japan, Takao Endo-san, who joins us from IBM. He was one of the top executives at IBM Japan and we think he really strengthens our overall management team and gives us very, very strong leadership at Oracle Japan going forward. Also, Steve Au-Yeung is now in charge of Oracle Asia Pacific and Steve joined us from BEA. Again, we are taking a strong management team who delivered terrific results for the last several years and we are making it stronger.  The strategy -- our strategy in technology is to remain number one in database and increase our overall market share and we are doing that because we have better products than the competition.  The Oracle database is faster than IBM DB2 on the high end, more faster and more scalable, and we deliver better cost performance than Microsoft SQL server, and that's all documented by industry standard benchmarks. So we are faster on the high-end and more scalable, more secure and we actually cost less to own and run, even than Microsoft SQL server on the low end.  We are not going to sit on our laurels. We have a major database innovation that we will announce in September of this year. It is going to be a very big and important announcement for us, so we are not standing still in database.  In the middleware business, the other half of our technology, overall technology business, we offer a complete and integrated middleware suite based on industry standards, and that is conspicuously different than what our competitors offer.  While IBM competes in middleware based on industry standards, their middleware components are not integrated into a suite. Microsoft competes in middleware but they don’t adhere to industry standards. They have their own .NET architecture, their own C [sharp] language and again, they are not adhering to industry standards. So we are differentiated from IBM in the fact that our components are complete and integrated and differentiated from Microsoft in that our components in middleware are standards-based.  In the applications area, we tend to compete based -- by developing applications based on modern internet standards and service-oriented architecture. JAVA language -- I mean, SAP’s applications, our number one competitor in applications, still base their development, even their newest product uses proprietary ABAP technology and not modern internet standards. To compete in the applications business we have to go beyond just ERP, where SAP remains very strong. We are the number one player in CRM and we are the number one player in industry-specific applications. SAP continues to focus on ERP, where they recently announced Business ByDesign, which is an ERP product suite aimed at small business.  Our strategy’s in contrast to that where we want to sell more applications and more value is to existing mid-size and large accounts. Here we have dedicated business units in retail and telecommunications and banking. Our newly announced insurance acquisitions, our newly announced healthcare global business unit, utilities, taxation -- again, our strategy to beat SAP in applications is to focus on industry standards and go beyond ERP to CRM and industry-specific applications where they are really often not competitive, often don’t even have products in those areas. We like our strategy and we believe we have the right team in place to compete effectively in the marketplace for this coming year.  Charles. 
Charles E. Phillips: Thank you, Larry. The field organization executed well in Q4 and capped off another year of outperformance. For the year, we gained market share against all major competitors. As we look forward into FY09, the pipeline indicators look positive. Our year-to-year pipeline growth for Q1 equals the growth we had a year ago.  In addition, the leading indicators of future pipeline growth are pointing in the right direction. There is just a lot of activity in the Oracle ecosystem as developers, partners and customers are excited about our products and strategy.  Let me give you some of the other indicators we look at beyond the numbers that you've seen. One example is the Oracle Technology Network, which is our developer community. We now have 4.9 million registered members. That’s up 19% over the last year and 22% in BRIC countries. We have 94% more postings on oracle.com forums, 2.2 million in total. This is where technical users discuss our more than 9,000 products. These forums, by the way, use many of our social networking technologies.  We had a 72% increase in podcast use and in live events, which is the best qualifier of a likely buyer. We had over 6,000 events last year and 340,000 attendees, up 10% from the year before, and we are getting more senior attendees.  Our largest in-person event, of course, is Oracle OpenWorld. Registration is now open. Compared to last year at this same time, we are up 20% on registration numbers and we had 43,000 attendees last year. OpenWorld will be held September 21 through 25, 2008 in San Francisco, and the financial analyst day, for your planning, is on Thursday, September 25th. Hope to see you there. Let me comment on some customers and achievements by product category. In database, 11g continues its momentum. We have had over 300,000 downloads since the initial release of the product back in August of 2007 and we are pleased to see that the growth of 11g adoption is about the same as 10g at the same point in their lifecycle.  Some key customers using 11g include Northern California Power Agency, Fair Isaac, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Edmunds.com and Mobiltel, which is kind of interesting because they have more than 5 million mobile customers in Bulgaria. They upgraded to Oracle database 11g on Linux to get higher quality of service and respond to changing business needs. We have some additional enhancements on the way for 11g that will broaden its audience such as RAC support for Oracle VM, real application testing will be back ported to Oracle Database 9.2 and 10.1 to help people migrate applications forward, and Oracle AutoBlock Release 2 will add support for some minor databases including SQL Server, Sybase and DB2. Additional note, IDC just released their market share numbers for last year. Oracle is at 44.3%, IBM at 21%, Microsoft at 18.5% and we gained share against those two competitors and the other category -- 30 years into the business, we are still gaining share. Middleware -- in middleware, the acquisition of BEA was well-received by customers and several have called to say it has pushed Oracle into the strategic category since many of them had major deployments of WebLogic for critical applications.  We also continue to see broad adoption of Fusion middleware by partners. In FY08, we signed over 90 new ISVs supporting Fusion middleware and over 30 in Q4 alone. BEA will help significantly here.  Some key wins in the quarter for us: SOA Suite, provide some shared services using SOA to connect to legacy applications in conjunction with the move away from SAP to PeopleSoft HR; HUD, or Housing and Urban Development, decided on Oracle Enterprise Workflow after struggling with a lot of hand-coded workflow in Microsoft SharePoint; Weyerhaeuser Real Estate, an IBM shop now using Oracle Fusion middleware with JDE; and La-Z-Boy will use SOA Suite to integrate several applications to JDE.  In Enterprise Performance Management, our Hyperion product line, American Honda Finance, we beat SAP and [Bhadji] there for financial consolidation and reporting, even though they already had a license for the product for much of SAP’s product line; and Cooper Industries, we beat SAP in a mostly SAP shop. Business intelligence -- our BI products more than doubled year to year, both in the quarter and for the year as we continue to take share because of our modern, proven and integrated BI platform which can extract information from multiple sources and deliver across multiple channels with a single semantic layer to track all objects and calculations. This is the same BI platform our applications use, which is unique in the marketplace. So we beat SAP and [Bhadji] at Wal-Mart, MasterCard, Hannover Insurance, USDA. We beat Cognos and IBM at Network Appliance, Merrill Lynch and JC Penney and Xilinx.  Content management, the Stellent acquisition -- a big deployment at Beckman & Coulter for their external website for e-commerce. We entered Ontario Ministry of Health and British Columbia Housing where we beat EMC and Documentum.  Identity and access management -- PRNewswire, that’s a big win over Computer Associates; Cisco, we beat Sun and CA there; ANZ Bank, we beat RSA and EMC; and Seagate, we will replace Sun’s IBM’s solutions. The Sun installed base looks like an opportunity for us. In the area of applications, in Q4 we released four new advance supply chain planning products; a new version of Agile PLM; a new integration center AIA, or Applications Integration Architecture, linking Siebel’s Trade Promotion Management with Demantra’s Advanced Trade Planning. This makes 15 new AIA integrations we have delivered into the marketplace, and more are on the way. We also recently formed two new global business units focused on specific industries. The first one was for health sciences; the second, insurance.  Some key customers in health sciences that we had wins across ERP, CRM Performa in clinical applications including Pfizer, Teva Pharmaceuticals and United Health Group.  The second and more recent global business unit is for insurance. We recently announced the acquisition of two companies, AdminServer and Skywire, with award-winning, packaged applications for the insurance industry. This is a large opportunity just now beginning to move to packaged applications to an industry that has been primarily mainframe and custom applications.  When combined with our pre-existing Siebel for Insurance, Billing and i-flex assets, we will have a product line that spans policy administration, rating, illustration, agent desktops, and billing for life and property and casualty. We continue to land strategic, enterprise-wide design wins because of the breadth of our technology products complemented by strong ERP, CRM and vertical applications.  For example, I met with Morrisons earlier this week, an $18 billion grocer in the United Kingdom with 120,000 employees. Morrisons had their vertically-integrated business model because they produce and sell their own food products. Therefore, they need applications ranging from manufacturing to supply chain to retail to CRM.  They have decided to replace 25-year old mainframe systems and move to Oracle for pricing, and promotions, merchandising, business intelligence, financials, manufacturing, human resources because they need more flexible systems. Essentially, they are moving every key business process to an Oracle application. Some of the key wins in the quarter in applications -- so ERP, Qualcomm, we deploy our EVS and EPM technology worldwide; The University of Texas purchased a full ERP solution along, with campus solutions for student administration. UTS is one of the largest university systems in the country and the largest in the State of Texas; this follows a large win at City University of New York, the third-largest. We won the University of Montreal, ICBC Bank in China and [Scandia].  In CRM, we had a strong performance in the quarter, greater than 50% growth. Siebel remains the world’s leading application for managing customer data. Key wins at Motorola; Enel, which is Europe’s second-largest utility; Farmers’ Insurance, American Airlines and Southwest Airlines. We also had a good win for Demantra at Volvo, for G-Log and the Oracle Transportation Management; Toll Holdings, which is expansion of our footprint of one of Asia’s largest integrated logistics companies; JVC and First Quality Enterprise. In Oracle Financial Services, we won HBOS, which is the 12th largest bank in the world and parent company of Bank of Scotland. That was a win over Temenos and Misys. We won Banco de Chile, where we beat Temenos; and TBC Bank in Georgia, which is the second-largest bank in Georgia and was a win over Misys as well. In the retail vertical, we have got a very strong retail applications quarter which more than doubled year over year. The key win there was Media-Saturn Group, the number one consumer electronics retailer in Europe. They are also based in Germany. They will deploy our retail applications across 1,000 stores in 15 countries. In telco, that has always been a strong vertical for us. We won SFR, a French wireless company with 17 million subscribers. That’s a big replacement win of a failed billing implementation from a competitor. We won India’s largest mobile operator and LYSE, which is a Scandinavian operator. Tax and utilities, a big win at the Ohio Department of Taxation -- this is a joint bid with EDS where we beat SAP. This is the first top 10 state to go with a commercial software product for taxation. It is going to be an influential reference for us. Energias De Portugal, where we beat SAP in an SAP-dominated account; and Constellation Energy, where we replaced their legacy billing system. We had a big win for Linux at Diebold and in CRM on-Demand against Salesforce.com. We won a large Australian bank which was hotly contested for over a year; a site for semiconductor, and a large satellite-based media company. With that, which is quite enough, I’ll turn it back over to Roy.
Roy Lobo: Thank you very much, Charles. With that we will open the line up for questions. Operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Heather Bellini with UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS:  Thank you and congratulations on a good Q4. Safra, I was wondering if you could comment on the rebound in the Americas this quarter, as well as in the apps segment? Obviously you must have seen a nice rebound in deal closures in these areas versus February and I guess I was wondering if you could comment or elaborate a little on the environment thus far in Q1. Thanks.
Safra A. Catz: As we spoke about in our Q3 announcement, which was obviously in March, we already felt very confident about how things were going, really worldwide, including in North America. We have extremely strong pipelines again, both in North America and worldwide, and feel rather confident about our prospects in Q1. It is Q1, of course, and we have extremely difficult comparisons -- really probably one of the toughest comparisons we’ve had in a long time since last year, Q1 was a 35% growth quarter and so we always look at that.  But so far things look very good. Deals are closing. Deals, you know, Q4 did not close everything so things have started to close already now and North America is doing very, very well, as it has been really for the past few years, just consistently doing very well.
Heather Bellini - UBS:  Okay, and any comment on the U.K. at all, if you are seeing anything change there in terms of the environment for deal closings, or in Europe in general?
Safra A. Catz: No, we’re not seeing a marked slowdown at this point from our pipeline numbers but it’s extremely early in the quarter and as you know, we do a large amount of our business at the end and so we really won’t see significant issues until much, much later, if they are there.  What we do have right now is our pipelines and what we’ve closed so far and things look good for us in Europe.
Heather Bellini - UBS:  Great. Thanks and congratulations again.
Safra A. Catz: Thank you.
Operator:  We will take our next question from Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs:  Great, thanks a lot and I echo Heather’s congratulations there. Safra, your goal over the past five years has been 20% earnings growth and for at least the last four of those years, you’ve over-delivered. Given where you stand today, is this a reasonable goal for the company looking forward, for say the next three-plus years? And as part of that, what type of margin expansion can we think of? And from an acquisition strategy perspective, will the pace continue as we have seen over the last three-plus years?
Safra A. Catz: Well, I don’t think that we think that our strategy is in any way running out of gas, so our model is such that we have so much leverage in it that when we sell let’s say a retail application, invariably those customers also buy some of our other applications, whether CRM or ERP. Invariably they buy database and middleware, and so as our global business units continue and as our product line continues to expand, you know, these products are very synergistic and we really feel that our strategy has a lot of time ahead of it. In fact, as far as a nine-inning baseball game, I’m not sure we are even in the second inning at this point.  I think we are very optimistic long-term. Larry may want to comment on that also.  As for margins, our model again has enormous leverage. The maintenance base continues to grow. It is extremely profitable. It means that our -- you know, we have a very, very large customer base and they continue to want our newest software, which is what they get when they pay their maintenance. And as that continues to grow, it brings our margins up. In addition, we benefit from the massive scale of Oracle Corporation worldwide and we benefit from the economies of scale that we get. And either as we grow or through acquisitions, we benefit from that scale and invariably we end up with some margin expansion.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs:  Can I ask one very quick follow-up, more to Heather’s? As you’ve thought about guidance, you’ve spoken in prior quarters about taking a look at closure rates and trying to be more or less conservative based on some of the factors that play into different quarters. As you have thought about Q1, you have said pipelines look healthy, so far so good. But have you tried to be more conservative on closure rates to get to the guidance that you got to in order to leave yourself a little bit of cushion should the environment get worse or just the seasonality factor play in?
Safra A. Catz: In Q3, I informed all of you that we were using extremely conservative closure rates and were particularly cautious in our guidance because, you know, Bear Stearns was going under and all sorts of things were happening literally right around that time. We sort of changed from our regular pattern for Q3 and to our benefit, things worked out much better than we guided to, simply because I guess using those very conservative closure rates et cetera turned out to be unnecessary.  However, now we are just using our regular closure rates, et cetera, and we are being really just right down the middle. The guidance that you are getting is what we actually think is going to happen and we do it both bottom up and top down and it comes out as it comes out, and those are the numbers that I’m giving you at this time.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs:  Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kirk Materne with Banc of America Securities. 
Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities:  Thanks very much, and I will add my congratulations on the quarter. I guess Safra or Charles, could you just comment on the apps business rebound? It sounds like you guys have a large volume of deals running through your pipelines right now. Have you seen any change over the last I guess three to six months on just the size of those deals from the ASP perspective? Do you see anybody sort of cutting back on the larger deals to sort of have more modular deals? And could you just comment on sort of what your thoughts are as that applies to guidance going forward? Thanks.
Charles E. Phillips: There are definitely large deals still out there. They do take longer to close in some cases and more people want to look at them but as you saw in Q4, we were able to get some of those done. The pipelines are there. I think as we ship more of the integrations each quarter, our story gets stronger and that actually leads to larger deals because we can sell an integrated suite of products. And so the underlying driver that we’ve been talking about is still there. It’s a little more -- a bit more cautious environment but again, we have a big enough pipeline hopefully to get through it all.
Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities:  If I could ask just one quick follow-up question; if I was going to nitpick, I guess, on any -- and there wasn’t much to nitpick on -- but it looked like the Asia-Pac tech growth was a little bit slower than you might expect from that area of the world. Is that simply just a function of that particular market adopting 10g and some of the RAC options in that business? I guess what is your expectation going forward for that business?
Charles E. Phillips: Well I would say that it’s partially some of those things but we could have executed better and we’ve made a management change, as Larry spoke about, and as you know BEA did very well in middleware and that’s one of the areas we need to do better in in Asia. That did not go as well as we had hoped for the last quarter. So we are hopeful and confident that we will execute better in the APAC tech business going forward.  But the opportunity is there; it’s not a lack of market demand.
Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities:  Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from John DiFucci with J.P. Morgan.
John DiFucci - J.P. Morgan :  Thank you. Charles, you said that the pipeline growth for Q1 was equal to that of about a year ago. Just curious -- are you talking about the percentage growth or the absolute growth?
Charles E. Phillips: The percentage growth year over year.
John DiFucci - J.P. Morgan :  Okay, and just quickly -- I don’t want to keep asking the apps question but you’ve said in the past that it is a lumpy business and we’ve seen that happen through time here and that’s been proven. But no one would argue with the apparent weakness of the macro economy. Regardless, you guys put up some really strong results here and I’m just curious -- do you think, I mean, do you have a good purview or a view of everything out there? Do you have a broad view of what is happening? Do you think the apps business or the apps market has returned or seen a little bit of bounce-back here, or do you think it’s more to do with Oracle execution? 
Charles E. Phillips: I believe Safra can comment as well. I think it is more a market share gain than anything else. Our strategy is resonating with customers. We also have tremendous up-sell and cross-sell opportunities because we have a lot of customers who are kind of new to Oracle, at least on an enterprise-wide basis and so they have a lot of Oracle products now and the ability for us to come in and tell a different story and the value they can get by adding to that, it’s just different than it was a couple years ago. So I do think we are in a different place than everybody else.
Safra A. Catz: No, I agree with that.  
John DiFucci - J.P. Morgan :  Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Peter Goldmacher with Cowen & Company. 
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company:  Thanks. Can you guys give us a bit of an update on the Fusion applications? In the past we talked about an ‘08 launch. We’d love to know what’s going to get launched when and how you think that starts rolling through the model.
Charles E. Phillips: Larry?
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, Larry, do you want to take that?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yeah, I’ll take it. I think no change in terms of our schedules. So we have actually launched some Fusion applications already. We have launched a variety of CRM applications based on Fusion technology. They are available as Software as a Service. Maybe the most interesting one is one called Sales Prospector, which offers a capability not available with Salesforce.com. Specifically, it data mines your installed base and tells you what product you should be selling to that customer next and who your best references are for selling that product. So we have got a whole second generation set of CRM products to make salespeople more productive versus the first generation, which really was to help managers do a better job forecasting their sales. So those Fusion technology based applications are actually already in the marketplace.  We will continue to deliver Fusion technology applications until ultimately we have a Fusion version of every application that we sell but it will take some time before we get all the way through all the different applications that we offer. But the big -- there will be a suite of Fusion applications coming out this year, next year and the year after.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company:  Great. Thanks, Larry.
Roy Lobo :  Thank you. Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: We will take our last question from Brent Thill with Citigroup.
Brent Thill - Citigroup:  Thanks. Safra, there’s been concern over sales cycles extending now beyond what we’ve seen over the last year. Can you just help us better understand if there’s been any change to the duration of what you’ve seen in the sales cycle?
Safra A. Catz: No, we’re not seeing that. We’re the same as always. It’s really business as usual at Oracle, if not better.
Brent Thill - Citigroup:  Okay, and for Larry, the on-demand business is posting pretty impressive growth, 25% growth year over year. For the last three years it’s been stuck in about 3% of your overall revenue. Where would you like to see that going forward as a percent of the overall revenue?
Lawrence J. Ellison: I’m sorry, I missed the first part of your question. What’s growing at 3%?
Brent Thill - Citigroup:  The on-demand business grew at roughly 25%, it had a nice clip in terms of the growth rate but as it relates to the overall revenue stream, it’s about 3% of your revenue and has been for the last three years. If you could just give us a sense of how you think about the --
Lawrence J. Ellison: Sure. Well again, I’ll describe it -- you know, we’ve been in the on-demand business for almost a decade and we’re the second-largest on-demand provider in terms of sales behind Salesforce.com. I’ll say that Q4 was the first quarter we actually made money in the on-demand business.  If you look at the on-demand business overall -- again, we’re enthusiastic about it. We continue to get better at it and grow the business. As you point out, it’s not really growing any faster than our overall business. It’s staying at a constant small percentage. We think that’s going to change over time. But the entire on-demand industry has to get better at making money in selling on-demand software.  If you look at the leader, Salesforce.com, they don’t make very much money and they’ve been at it for almost ten years. It’s hard to point to any software as a service provider that’s doing a good job of improving their profitability. I think that’s what we are focused on before we scale the business. The last thing we want to do is have a very large business that is not terribly profitable and drags our margins down.  So we’ve used, if you will, our first 10 years to figure out how to do this profitability and now that we are profitable in on-demand, hopefully we will grow it at a faster rate than the business as a whole.
Roy Lobo: Great. Thank you. Well, let me thank everyone for joining us today. A telephone replay will be available for 24 hours. The replay number is 719-457-0820 and the pass code for that replay is 6677472. You can also access the webcast replay on the Oracle investor relations website. The webcast replay will be available through the close of market on July 2nd. Thank you very much and with that, I’ll turn it back to the operator for closing.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today’s Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. We do thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-03-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Roy Lobo - Investor Relations Safra A. Catz - Co-President, Chief Financial Officer, Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Director Charles E. Phillips - Co-President, Director
Analysts: Heather Bellini - UBS Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities Brent Thill - Citigroup Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch John Difucci - Bear Stearns
Operator:  Good day, everyone and welcome to today’s Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Roy Lobo, Investor Relations of Oracle. Please go ahead, sir. 
Roy Lobo: Great. Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. This is Roy Lobo, Head of Investor Relations. With me on the call are Oracle's CEO, Larry Ellison; Oracle's President, Charles Phillips; and Oracle's President and CFO, Safra Catz.  We will begin with a few prepared remarks and then take a few questions from the audience. Let me begin by reading the safe harbor statement.  Today’s discussion may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation.  Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Throughout today’s discussion, we’ll attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should always review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle investor relations website at www.oracle.com/investor.  So with that, I would like to turn the call over to our President and CFO, Safra Catz, for her opening comments. 
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Roy. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. I’m going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q3 and then I’ll review guidance for Q4 and turn the call over to Charles and Larry for questions.  For Q3, we delivered another very strong growth -- we delivered another very strong growth in EPS and net income of 23% and 22% respectively. We have now completed 15 quarters of our original five-year EPS growth plan of 20% per year and we’ve delivered another earnings growth well in excess of that target.  One highlight of the quarter is clearly our margin story, which continues to accelerate. For the quarter, we delivered another nearly 200 basis points in year-to-year margin improvement, bringing our non-GAAP operating margins to 41%. This is in addition to the margin improvement we delivered in each of the prior two quarters and we’ve already met our fiscal year margin improvement goal of 100 to 200 basis points in just the first nine months of the year.  Our operating margins are substantially higher than any of our peers, including Microsoft, reflecting the unique leverage in our model and the strength of our strategy. On license, we were within our guidance range but customers got a little more cautious at the end of the quarter, given what was going on in the financial markets. Deals are getting done, although they took a bit longer than anticipated in the last few days of the quarter. Interestingly, some of the deals have slipped past the February cut-off already closed in the first few days of March. As you will see from my Q4 guidance, our pipeline growth continues to build at a very rapid pace.  With that, let me go through the numbers. New software license revenues were up 16% to $1.6 billion. That is after a very tough comparison of 27% growth in Q3 of last year. Technology new license revenues were extremely strong, growing 20% year over year to $1.2 billion.  In technology, we are clearly beating the competition and taking market share away from our competitors. Our applications business delivered new license growth of 7% year over year to $451 million, but that’s after a 57% growth rate in Q3 of last year. Our trailing 12 months application license growth rate is 29%, well ahead of our peers, double that -- more than double that, actually, of SAP and well ahead of our own expectations.  Hyperion contributed $64 million in license revenue during the quarter and Agile contributed $14 million. Software license update and product support revenues were up 23% on a non-GAAP basis to $2.6 billion and we’re still on a revenue run-rate to achieve over $10 billion in this high margin business for fiscal ’08.  As I mentioned, we are delivering strong operating income in March as our non-GAAP operating income grew to $2.2 billion with our margins increasing nearly 200 basis points to 41%.  EPS grew 23% to $0.30 on a non-GAAP basis and on a trailing 12-month basis, operating cash flows increased by $2.3 billion year over year to $7.3 billion, while free cash flow increased 48%.  In Q3, we bought back about 24 million shares at an average price of $20.64. As we said, the rate of our buy-back will fluctuate from quarter to quarter, taking into account our alternative and anticipated uses of cash, including paying down the debt associated with the acquisition of BEA.  The currency impact for the quarter was a positive six points on revenue.  In summary, we are confident in our strategy and extremely satisfied with our sales execution in Q3. We have a broad, highly diversified customer base both by industry and geography and we’ll continue to benefit from the weaker dollar. We believe there is a lot of leverage in our model and continue -- to continue to deliver strong earnings growth.  Now let me give you a quick update on BEA. We are very pleased to have cleared Hart-Scott-Rodino quickly in the U.S. and we have submitted our notification in Europe and anticipate a timely review there as well. BEA has scheduled its shareholder meeting for April 4th. We expect to close as soon as we receive clearance in Europe and are optimistic that that will occur during Q4.  We believe our acquisition of BEA comes at precisely the right time, both financially and strategically. The BEA support base will add to our cash flow, margin, and earnings story. Today’s guidance though will not include BEA.  With that, our guidance for Q4, our seasonally strongest quarter, is as follows: new software license revenues are expected to be up 10% to 20% year over year. Looking at the continued growth in our pipeline, there actually could be some upside, quite a bit of upside to the guidance but I want to be cautious given the macro news over the past few weeks.  Total revenue is expected to be up 14% to 18% year over year on a non-GAAP basis. Total revenue on a GAAP basis is expected to be up 15% to 19%.  Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.43 or $0.44, as compared to $0.37 last year. GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter is expected to be $0.37 to $0.38, up from $0.31 last year.  This guidance assumes a tax rate of about 28.6% for Q4 versus 29.2% for Q4 of last year. Now, if the current exchange rates hold for the entire quarter, that will result in seven points of positive currency impact in Q4 but as you know, currencies are likely to fluctuate and as a result, the currency impact in Q4 could be different than our guidance assumes.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Charles for his comments. 
Charles E. Phillips: Thanks, Safra. I think in the context of the economy, we delivered a good quarter. There was an economic inflection point during our Q3 but I think we adjusted quite well. We know what we are dealing with now. We’ve adjusted our close plans. In some cases, we need additional sign-offs at the board level, et cetera. We’re doing that.  And customers have also adjusted. Some have different procurement cycles in a tighter environment. The other thing we have going is just a time factor. As we get past the inflection point, people do eventually get back to business and we are seeing that now already early in Q4. As Safra mentioned, a lot of those deals have closed already and we’re off to a good start.  So we’ve been through this before and we know how to adjust to it. It is an environment that favors large, stable suppliers who already have broad geographic coverage. The good news is the pipeline. The sequential growth in pipeline as we enter Q4 is higher than the sequential growth that we saw entering Q4 a year ago. But of course, we have a lot more ways to get to the numbers and an easier comparison.  Q4 of course is always magical for Oracle, given our annual buying cycles and the indicators that we look at are there in place for another strong quarter.  We are also assuming a fairly conservative close rate for Q4. If you look at the average of the last five years, we are five percentage points below that in our assumption, so nothing heroic assumed here.  So with that, let me touch base on some of the key product areas and key customer wins.  On database, we’re up to 12,000 [Oracle] customers now. We had good performance out of the options, especially for enterprise manager and database vault. 11G is off to a good start. We’ve had over 200,000 downloads already. Key wins in the quarter -- RealNetworks, a grid infrastructure for all their mobile entertainment platform; Omni Hotels for their reservation system; and Salesforce.com, in this case, as a customer, a good purchase for us.  In the middleware business, we’re up to 55,000 customers now, 5,000 ISVs. Key platform wins in the quarter -- AT&T, Michael’s, CNET. For our SOA platform, GM Onstar, Delta Airlines, The Kennedy Space Center.  Enterprise performance, management and BI, where we had a breakout quarter, more than double in BI, we had key wins at Amazon, Avery-Dennison, [inaudible] USD Corporation. Content management -- Fidelity, United Health Group and CIT Group, all those were wins over FileNet and IBM.  A really strong quarter in identity and access management. We had a new release in the quarter. End-to-end wins for Hyatt Hotels and Boeing over Sun and IBM in each case.  On the application side of the business, some good wins for major enterprise deals at Herbalife, Abercrombie & Fitch, The Bank of New York, Toyota Motor Sales, Nissan, NTT Communications.  G-Log had some good wins at DHL, United States Mint over SAP.  And then lastly, in our telco billing unit, Dow Jones, EDS, Vodacom, and U.S. Cellular, very strong quarter there as well.  So with that, I guess we’ll open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll go first to Heather Bellini with UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Good afternoon, Charles and Safra. I was wondering -- you commented that you could have some upside to Q4, given your conservative close rate assumptions. Given Charles’ comments that close rate expectations for -- given his comments on close rate expectations for Q4, I’m wondering if you can give us an idea of where close rates came in during Q3 versus what you had planned. I guess I’m just wondering is the margin of conservatism the same?
Safra A. Catz: No, actually -- 
Heather Bellini - UBS: And then I had a follow-up, I’m sorry. 
Safra A. Catz: Sure, no problem. For Q4, looking at the massive increase in the pipeline for this Q4 that we are looking at, I’ve gone ahead and used a lower close rate than we had both this quarter and then that we’ve had -- that we’ve had historically for Q4, significantly lower to get to the guidance, simply because as we mentioned, deals seem to be taking a little bit longer and they end up coming in but these are -- you know, we are seeing the news reports all the time and we just want to make sure that we’ve got close rates really quite low, such that we are very comfortable with our numbers. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, and then the follow-up would just be on your margin comp. You obviously did better than people thought on that front this quarter and you are on track for your 200 basis points of year-over-year improvement. I guess what I’m wondering here is that looking out -- and maybe if you could give us some sense of fiscal year ’09, even ex-BEA, given that hasn’t closed yet, what type of margin expansion expectations should we be thinking about for Oracle looking out over the next four to five quarters?
Safra A. Catz: So Heather, you’re basically asking what have you done for me lately? And that’s okay, no problem. The reality is 200 basis points -- 100 to 200 basis points we’re on track to do and you know, we actually expect our margins to continue to improve with scale. And to the extent that the model’s got that in it, we bring a very large and profitable maintenance base which directs a lot of that. We have huge economies of scale here at Oracle. We stay very close to our knitting, so we reduce duplicate efforts and I wouldn’t be surprised if next year, we continue on our path of improving margin. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon, Safra, Charles. Can you give us a little bit more color on the slowdown or the elongation that you saw at the end of February? Any particular verticals? Geographically it looked like [low] North America more so -- I mean, just some -- a little bit more color around where that weakness was so we can maybe get a handle on why it should get better as we move into the May quarter. 
Safra A. Catz: Well, there are a couple of things. First of all, just for all of you to know on the call, Larry is also available on the call. He’s not in the office today right now but he is available right now for questions, so feel free to ask him anything.  As far as actual verticals, you know, the reality is that what we saw I think is folks just reading the papers, even in businesses that they were not necessarily impacted. It wasn’t just banks. We did deal -- some of our largest deals in the quarter are with banks and it’s not just financial services or just necessarily any one industry. We just saw a few things -- you know, a few things just get delayed a little bit, adding a second level of approval and in most cases, they got those levels of approval but sometimes they just didn’t make our cut-off.  And I think we are just, as Charles said, we are sort of building that into our close process and I think we’re -- we think we understand it. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: And geographically, did you say any spillover from the U.S. into EMEA? I’m assuming not emerging markets?
Safra A. Catz: Well, you know -- Charles, do you want to -- 
Charles E. Phillips: Yeah, well, not -- well, APAC was pretty solid. EMEA has been seasonal and it moves around anyway. I’m not sure I can say it’s directly related to what’s going on in the U.S. but again, as I look at the pipeline going into Q4, they are shaping up solidly as well. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Can I ask one more question, please? On BEA, as you bring BEA into the fold, obviously there’s a lot of kind of -- probably discussion internally about which products you keep, which products you consolidate down into kind of single areas of middleware. Is that a more lengthy process than when you buy an apps company, for example? How should we think about the sales force going to market with multiple app servers, multiple integration products and so on?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Let me take a crack on that one. Actually, it’s a shorter process because both BEA and Oracle develop middleware according to industry standards. It’s fairly easy for us to consolidate the products and it’s very easy for the customers to take the next version because again, our products are -- have the identical user interfaces based on those industry standards. So the integration of BEA should happen more quickly, both on the selling side, on the customer side, and on the development side than almost any of our other large acquisitions. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks a lot, Larry. 
Operator: We’ll go now to Kirk Materne with Banc of America.
Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities: Thanks very much. Safra, Charles, just to follow-up, I just want to make sure in terms of some of the delays that you saw in purchasing, it looked like it was mainly around the applications area. Was there any impact on the database or middleware area? I just want to double-check it was mainly around some of the apps business. 
Safra A. Catz: You know, it really -- I know the numbers show, you know, specifically to the apps but really the business is very lumpy. A year ago, you know, we have a very tough apps comparison with 57% growth in Q3 the previous, so the reality is that there’s nothing specifically going on in our apps business. They remain extremely strong. We’re looking at Q4. It looks extremely strong, so it wasn’t one or the other. I know how the numbers sort of shake up but remember, it’s very hard to guess the exact breakdown in advance. It’s just a bit lumpy and -- 
Charles E. Phillips: It’s more by size of deal. The larger deals are the ones that get reviewed and apps deals tend to have a lot of consulting drag behind most of their bigger projects, so maybe in that sense, but she’s right -- both were affected, it’s just how the mix came out this quarter. 
Safra A. Catz: Yeah. 
Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities: And then just one follow-up for either Charles or Larry; clearly middleware and database had another good quarter. Could you just talk about some of the conversations you are having with joint BEA and Oracle customers right now and sort of the reception to what the historical BEA customers are thinking about in terms of either bringing on some Oracle products in that area or vice versa? You know, what should -- what are some of the tone of the conversations you are having right now with those kinds of customers?
Safra A. Catz: Well actually, if I could just take it for a second, our customers generally have been extremely, extremely responsive on the announcement. We are not merged yet, so we don’t talk with them together with BEA or anything like that. Our customers ask us to buy BEA. That’s how we get our ideas, because they think it’s better for them and in general, Charles and Larry, go right ahead. I just wanted to make sure you understand we’re not with BEA talking to customers. 
Charles E. Phillips: We’re not closed yet but the feedback directly that I’ve gotten from a lot of CIOs [this release] -- this is great, I know this product is taken care of, this makes total sense and what I didn’t anticipate the number of ISVs that are calling because they were pretty strong with ISVs, probably stronger than we recognized, and so they just want to make sure that, you know, raise your hand, I’m here, I’m a partner, take care of me as well.  So all indications have been good. The feedback’s been great. This has been one of those deals where people call and congratulate you when you get it done and that’s the type of tone it’s been so far. 
Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go now to Brent Thill with Citigroup. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. Just on the apps business, it definitely seemed like the common metric across geos that was weak. This is probably one of the weakest quarters in the last four years in the apps business. What gives you confidence in what you are seeing for Q4 that the apps business will recover? And do you think there’s a risk that the database business will follow what’s happening with the apps? 
Charles E. Phillips: Well, number one, some of those deals have already closed. Two, as I mentioned, as you get past the inflection point, people do at some point start to focus back on the business. It was all happening right in the middle of our Q3, all this news came out. And then I would say third it’s our Q4, so a lot of people have annual buying cycles around our Q4, partly it’s our reps because of past behavior and accelerators and those sorts of things, and partly it’s the customers. They think they are going to get a better deal if they wait until Q4, so they’ve trained themselves to buy in Q4 from Oracle.  So a lot of things just happen in Q4 for historical reasons and those deals are there. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: And let me add to that -- actually, it was an unusually strong growth in our technology business, both the database business and the middleware business. So on the technology side, our growth rates are accelerating and what happened with applications was very simple. Our growth rate is how we did this quarter versus a quarter a year ago and we just had an exceptionally strong quarter a year ago and a very, very difficult comparison in Q3 in the applications business.  I believe though -- Safra, do you have the -- what was our growth rate in applications in Q4 of last year?
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, 57% last year. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: That was in Q3. 
Safra A. Catz: Oh, I’m sorry. What’s your question?
Lawrence J. Ellison: The question is in Q4, I believe we have an easier comparison. 
Safra A. Catz: Yes. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yeah, so again since the growth rate is how we did a year ago versus how we did this year, we had a really tough comparison in our Q3 apps business. We think our Q3 apps business was quite good. 
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, I mean we were about 13% Q4 last year. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yeah, so again, we have a much more manageable comparison going into Q4. So on a relative basis, that Q4 versus this Q4, we think our apps business will rebound strongly looking at that one metric, growth over the same quarter last year. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Okay, and Safra, just as a follow-up, you’ve mentioned in the past some of these bigger enterprise license agreements because of such, you know, the [big product] portfolio that you are offering. More customers are stepping up to these bigger ELAs. Can you just comment in terms of where you stand today and what you think the trajectory for that segment of the business is. 
Safra A. Catz: I would say that that continues to accelerate. It really started in the U.S., you know, over a year ago and it’s really expanding out worldwide. Our customers really prefer to have the flexibility to have enterprise agreements and to use more of our products and that really continues to grow for us and it makes a lot of sense for the customer, so they are basically voting with their pocket book. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. 
Operator: We’ll go now to Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. Safra, I just wanted to clarify the arithmetic behind the close rate and the guidance. If I understand correctly, the close rate you are assuming to be 5% lower than what it was in the prior quarter. So if you hit the close rate that you are expecting, would you land at the high end of your range or the midpoint of your range? And also, coupled with that, how does the arithmetic on the slip deals fall -- the slip deals and the closing in this quarter, you said you’d have upside. Would that be upside above the top end of the range if your close rates come in exactly in line with your expectations? Sorry for the complicated question -- 
Safra A. Catz: That’s okay. You know, it doesn’t really matter. It’s sort of all-in, Kash. The reality is that -- you know, my guidance is where it stands. I’m giving you 10% to 20% in new license. Does that include some deals have closed in the quarter, that would have, could have, should have closed in the other quarter? Yeah, it does because they didn’t close, so they are going to be in Q4. Is it absolutely true that the forecast that we have from the field, I’ve looked at extremely conservatively and added some conservatism to it? Yes, absolutely. Is it absolutely true that I look at the total pipeline and used a lower close rate than you would really expect for a Q4? Yes, I have.  And with all of that, you end up with 10 to 20 and it is absolutely true that as we have done, you know, just a whole string of quarters, it could mean we could be at the extreme high end of the range or even above it. However, I can’t see into the future so I just have to use the numbers I’ve got and the judgment that we have to take together to give you guidance. And our current guidance is 10 to 20 and you know, we expect to be within it but we may be at the high-end or above it and we could find ourselves at the low end, though I would think that’s more -- that is less likely. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. That’s it. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: And our last question will come from John Difucci with Bear Stearns.
John Difucci - Bear Stearns: Thank you. Just a question going back to the geos, the regions -- when you look out across, looking at for instance Americas, and everybody knows about the macro environment here and actually, you had a very difficult comp. Actually, the results look pretty decent. EMEA we haven’t heard as much about through other companies in reporting, but it did have a much -- an easier comp and the results sort of question that. And then especially Asia-Pac. It was a difficult comp but everybody keeps talking about emerging markets and how strong they’ve been. But database and middleware, which was a not -- it wasn’t an easy comp but it was flat year over year on a constant currency basis.  I’m just wondering if you could give us a little more, I don’t know, conversation around especially EMEA and Asia-Pac and what you are seeing there in regard to the macro environment. 
Charles E. Phillips: Well, yes, we can take every product by every geography -- it’s hard to do that but I guess the general comment was it was -- we saw some, you know, like we said more difficulties closing near the end of the quarter. We got through it. We’ve adjusted and the pipelines in all those regions are significantly higher and we’ve adjusted our close plan in all those regions. And so we think we are in a good position to power through Q4 in pretty good shape and all the indicators we normally track are pointing in the right direction. That’s all we can look at, so I don’t think there’s going to be any magical explanation by product, by region. 
Roy Lobo: Great. Thank you very much then and with that, we’d like to thank everyone for participating in today’s call. A telephone replay will be available for 24 hours. The replay number is 719-457-0820 and the passcode is 2346728. You can also access the webcast replay on the Oracle investor relations website. The webcast replay will be available through the close of market on April 2nd.  Thank you and with that I will turn the call back to the Operator to close. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2007-12-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Roy Lobo - Investor Relations Safra A. Catz - Co-President, Chief Financial Officer,Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Director Charles E. Phillips - Co-President, Director
Analysts: Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse Peter C. Kuper - Morgan Stanley Heather Bellini - UBS Adam Holt - J.P. Morgan Kirk Materne - Banc of America Securities Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to today’s Oracle Corporation quarterlyconference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I wouldlike to introduce Mr. Roy Lobo, Investor Relations of Oracle. Please go ahead,sir. 
Roy Lobo: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome toOracle's second quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. This is RoyLobo, Head of Investor Relations. With me on the call are Oracle's ChiefExecutive Officer, Larry Ellison; Oracle's President, Charles Phillips; andOracle's President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz.  We will begin with a few prepared remarks and then take afew questions from the audience. Let me begin by reading the obligatory safeharbor statement.  Today’s discussion may include predictions, estimates, orother information that may be considered forward-looking. While theseforward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the futureholds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actualresults to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance onthese forward-looking statements which reflect our opinions only as of the dateof this presentation.  Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves torevise or publicly release the results of any revisions of theseforward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Throughout today’s discussion, we’ll attempt to present someimportant factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. Youshould also review our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussionof these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or themarket price of our stock.  A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, whichinclude a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on theOracle investor relations website, www.oracle.com/investor.  So with that, I would like to turn the call over to SafraCatz for her opening comments. 
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Roy. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joiningus. I am going to first focus on our non-GAAP results for the quarter, thenI’ll review guidance for Q3 and turn the call over to Larry and Charles fortheir comments.  Well, obviously we had another great quarter and we’ve againachieved our fastest growth rates in more than a decade, with new licensegrowth of 38%. We are growing revenues, margins, net income, and earnings wellahead of our peers. The strength of our results really comes down to the factthat we are selling more product to more customers in more industries. Ourlarger, standard based software portfolio means we are seeing more deals and eachdeal is a little bigger than in the past.  Q2 was really a function of execution. We exceeded our ownexpectations in all regions and across all product lines. The quarter wasbroadly distributed and wasn’t dependent on any unusually large deals.  Now, before I go through the numbers, I also want tohighlight that we are continuing to grow the top line and the bottom line atthe same time. We are extremely pleased with our ability to improve margins inthe quarter while also accelerating new license growth. This is really afunction of our scale and our ever-growing customer base.  With that, let me go through the numbers. New softwarelicense revenues were up 38% to $1.7 billion. Technology new license revenueswere exceptionally strong, growing 28% year over year to $1.1 billion, withdatabase growing 19%. We are beating the competition and taking market shareaway from our competitors.  We grew technology license revenue 32% in the Americas, 23%in EMEA, and 32% in APAC.  Our applications business was also strong, with new licensegrowth of 63% year over year to $553 million.  Geographically, we turned in a strong performance across allregions, with 57% in the Americas, 72% in EME, and 66% in APAC.  Hyperion contributed $71 million in license revenue duringthe quarter. Software license updates and product support revenues were up 23%on a non-GAAP basis to $2.5 billion and we are on a revenue run-rate to achieveover $10 billion in FY08.  In addition to delivering strong revenues, we are also deliveringstrong operating income and margin. Our non-GAAP operating income grew to $2.2billion with our margins increasing 250 basis points to 41.3%, up from 38.8% inQ2 of last year.  EPS grew 40% to $0.31 on a non-GAAP basis, excluding ourstock option expenses. Operating cash flows for the trailing 12 monthsincreased $2.3 billion year over year to $7 billion, while free cash flowincreased 50%.  In Q2, we bought back approximately 23 million shares at anaverage price of $21.12, and as we said, the rate of our buy-back willfluctuate from quarter to quarter, taking into account our alternative andanticipated uses of cash.  The currency impact for the quarter was a positive $0.07 onrevenue and nine points -- sorry, seven points on revenue and nine points onoperating income.  Before I turn to guidance, let me say again that we read thesame newspapers you do and we take those reports into account when we thinkabout the business. However, we were able to deliver exceptional Q1 resultsduring August when the macro and sub-prime concerns began and the marketdropped 1,000 points, and we were able to deliver exceptional results againthis quarter as those same concerns continued.  We have a broad, highly diversified customer base, both byindustry and geography, and as a net exporter, we benefit from the weakerdollar, so our guidance for Q3 is as follows: new software license revenues areexpected to be up 15% to 25% year over year; total revenue is expected to be up20% to 23% year over year on a non-GAAP basis; total revenue on a GAAP basis isexpected to be up 21% to 24%; non-GAAP EPS excluding stock-based comp isexpected to be $0.29 or $0.30, as compared to $0.25 last year; GAAP EPS for thesecond quarter is expected to be $0.23 to $0.25, up from $0.20 last year.  This guidance assumes a tax rate of 28.8 for Q3 versus 26.4in Q3 of last year. Now, if current exchange rates hold for the entire year,for the entire quarter, that will result in six points of positive currencyimpact for Q3. But as you know, currencies are likely to fluctuate and as aresult, the currency impact in Q3 could be different than our guidance assumes. Finally, I’d like to give you a quick update on BEA. Overthe last few weeks, we’ve been in contact with their bankers and lawyers and asa result of those discussions we’ve concluded that no friendly deal can be donewith the current BEA board at a price and term acceptable to Oracle.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Larry for hiscomments. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thanks, Safra. We had a very, very strong quarter from aproduct perspective. We gained market share in all of our three major productareas against our primary competitors.  In the database market, our largest and most mature product,our database business grew 19% in the quarter, dramatically higher than thegrowth of the overall market and considerably faster than IBM’s DB2 growth, sowe continue to take share in the database market and grow that business. Wecontinue to extend our lead over the number two player, IBM.  In middleware, our middleware business grew 80% in thequarter. It was our fastest growing business and there, our two majorcompetitors in middleware are Microsoft and IBM. It’s a little hard to figureout how big Microsoft is and whether their business is growing or how fasttheir business is growing because Microsoft bundles their middleware withWindows, and their middleware is not based on industry standards. But they are,as far as we can tell on our own studies, they are the number one player.  The number two player in middleware is IBM and like Oracle,IBM sells middleware based on Java and other industry standards and we continueto gain share against IBM. Again, our middleware growth, 80% in the quarter,very, very exciting.  Finally, in applications, where our primary competitor isSAP, we grew at 63% versus their reported growth -- their reported growth indollars. We convert back to dollars. I believe their Euro growth was 11% buttheir dollar growth was 15%. Double-check those numbers but I do believe that’scorrect, and we were 63%. So we are growing our applications business very muchfaster than SAP and we think that’s a result of our strategy differences.  SAP has elected to stick with ERP and build an all-new ERPsystem to sell to small businesses. They call that Business By Design. We’veelected not to go into the small business market because we don’t see anysynergy with our existing business, which sells to medium and large scalebusinesses.  So our existing businesses -- our existing customers tend tobe large companies or medium/large companies. If we were to go and sell it tosmall business, it’s a new set of customers requiring a new sales forcerequiring a new product. There is just no leverage, no synergy -- it’s a businessthat we don’t think is right for Oracle.  Instead, what we think we should be doing and what we aredoing is selling, is moving beyond ERP and selling industry-specificapplications to the same customers that we sell database to, the same customerswe sell middleware to, the same customers we sell ERP to, the same customers wesell CRM to, we are now selling industry-specific solutions in banking, intelecommunications, in retail, in government in the tax area, in utilities, inhealthcare, in education and other -- and you’ll see us going into more andmore industries. That’s our strategy for growth, to go beyond ERP, sellindustry-specific applications to the customers we sell other things to.  We think it allows us to leverage our relationships, leverageour support, leverage our existing products via cross-selling and is a moreprofitable business at the high end rather than the low end.  We think this is already paying big dividends and as you seeonce again we turned in a pretty respectable quarter in terms of our growthcompared with SAP. With that, Charles will get much more specific and tell youabout some pretty spectacular customer wins we’ve had in the quarter. 
Charles E. Phillips: Great. Thanks, Larry. Well, we really had great focus andexecution in all regions and lines of business, and just fantastic teamwork onthese large deals that tend to cut across multiple product groups and salesorganizations, but we’ve learned how to manage that and take advantage of ourstrength. In particular, some great performances, North America, our largestsales organization, did a great job optimizing cross-sell across acquiredproducts and increasing margins at the same time.  Communications global business unit, huge upside in thequarter. They are really becoming a gold standard for telcos, since we are theonly company with an end-to-end footprint from order capture to provisioning tobilling.  APAC and LAD recovered from a slow Q1 and beat theirforecast in double-digit revenues, just great execution.  Let me make a few comments by product area. On database,we’ve gotten a fantastic response from customers and analysts [inaudible] over479 new features. We’ve had over 170,000 downloads since we introduced theproduct in August. So during the quarter, we continued with the release of theproduct and expanded it to more operating systems. We now support all the majoroperating systems. In addition, we’ve certified 11G with PeopleSoft, Siebel,and [JD Edwards]. We expect EBS12 to be certified by the end of January.  Moving on to middleware, we have some great customer wins Iwanted to talk about just for a moment. For instance, we are using our SOA platformas a wedge strategy to go into new accounts that perhaps where a competitiveapplication server is already installed, but because we have a new shelf andbetter products and the emerging technologies we are able to sell around thoseproducts and over time they become Oracle accounts. Let me give you a fewexamples.  Raytheon -- they are using NetWeaver as an applicationserver but they use our SOA platform this quarter to automate manual approvalprocesses.  [inaudible] -- using BEA middleware for application server,which shows Oracle [built-in] workflow for 1.5 million retirement employees andthey are also using our content management. They will buy more Oracle.  China Mobile, a BEA customer, chose us for integration.Hyundai Motors was using IBM and SAP. They moved to us for SOA for their futureneeds.  We also had a real nice win in content management server[inaudible]. That’s a very strong business for us. So one organization you’llall recognize, the SEC selected our content management system [Stellent]product to manage financial filings and documentations for 10-Ks, 10-Qs, etcetera.  Other areas that did very well are middleware, enterpriseperformance management -- that’s the Hyperion product. Some great wins thereand that’s been a product that’s been key to getting into many, many SAPaccounts and we continue to do that, so one of the top three U.K. banks in theworld using SAP for financials chose us to consolidate those financials and nowwe have a strong relationship in the CFO’s office.  One of the top two German banks, the same thing happened.SAP back-end, as you might expect, but corporate wide financial consolidationchose Oracle.  So all these accounts are becoming SAP and Oracle shops, notjust SAP anymore. So there’s no such thing as an SAP account to us, anyway.  In the areas of applications, continued momentum, as Larrydescribed. We had 365 direct wins over SAP in the quarter, the ones that wecould count. We probably had more. A few examples -- CellGen Corp., a lifesciences industry, which used to be a strong industry for them, they selectedus over SAP this quarter. One of the top banks in China, one of the big four,one of the four state-owned banks, we beat SAP there. Korean Airlines, the samething.  We also had a nice win in Hellmann Worldwide, which is thelargest privately owned logistics company in the world, happen to beheadquartered in Germany -- nice win for us around G-log.  In the retail vertical, Morrisons, which is the U.K.’sfourth largest super market, this is a prototype footprint deal. They boughteverything from merchandising, planning, store activities, HR, finance,[inaudible], middleware, database -- that’s the type of deal that we like, oneof the important retail deals in the quarter and a good job by the RGBU.  In banking with iFlex, they had some great wins also. ChinaTrust Commercial Bank, the largest bank in Taiwan in terms of revenues; MDMBank in Russia, all those banks are going to need new systems. It’s one of thetop 10 banks. They’ve selected iFlex for getting the localization done whichwill help us in the next [ten] deals. And the National Bank of Egypt, thelargest bank there.  And in telco, I mentioned a great performance there, bigdeals at France Telecom and China Netcom, replacing AMDOCS.  In our tax and utilities business, our global business unitthere, where we sell time and meter data management and field service, greatwins at [Buchane] Light Company, Cleveland Water District, San Francisco PublicUtility Commission, all over SAP.  So in summary, we are pleased with the execution in Q2 andwe think we are well-positioned as we go into Q3, so we all feel pretty good.  Questions. 
Roy Lobo: Thank you very much. I think with that, we’d like to open upthe line for questions but before I do that, let me just remind the analysts,please limit their questions to one question so we can hear from all ouranalysts. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll take our first question fromSarah Friar with Goldman Sachs. 
Sarah Friar - GoldmanSachs: Good afternoon, everyone. Great quarter. Safra, on themargin side, if I take a look at your guidance and by midpoint of the top lineguidance and then the margins that you did this quarter, that amazing 41.3, I’dactually end up a little bit ahead of you on an EPS perspective. So I’m justwondering, is there anything inherently about the third quarter that shouldincrease operating expenses or are you leaving yourself a little bit of roomthere?
Safra A. Catz: No, there’s nothing particularly different about Q3 than Q2.
Sarah Friar - GoldmanSachs: Okay, and then generally, I think last quarter you talkedabout 100 to 200 bps improvement for the year. Is that still the type of liftthat we should be expecting as we look through ’08?
Safra A. Catz: Well, I think you can see we are on track for that, so Idon’t see why not. 
Sarah Friar - GoldmanSachs: Terrific, and then one other quick one -- Roy, apologies --just on the application side. There’s obviously concern out there about themacro environment for ’08 and on the app side, people associate bigger dealsizes with areas that could get hit in a downturn. How do you think about howresilient your apps business is if we see a slightly tougher macro environmentand how do you think about verticals of real strength that you can go to in’08?
Safra A. Catz: I don’t know if I or Charles should get that. I mean, thereality is that we are so broadly diversified now, Sarah. We are diversifiedgeographically, as you heard. Charles went through a whole bunch of banks justnow around the world picking Oracle, so the reality is that by product line, weare incredibly diversified. Many of our customers do not own the broad, all ofour entire footprint. Many of them are interested now that it’s part ofOracle's footprint in buying some of these things, so in general we feel rathergood all around.  Larry, maybe you have something to add to that. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yeah, I think while it’s possible to defer an ERPimplementation for a couple of years, because you are really changing youraccounting back office, and that’s something that is to some degreediscretionary and if you wait a couple of years, it’s not a big deal.  If you are trying to comply with the Basel II laws where wehave to put in the money laundering system or a network provisioning systembecause you are moving to VOIP Internet protocol, some of these otherapplications are not so easily deferred. It’s core to the business. I think one of the reasons we feel good about ourapplications business is it’s a diversified applications business now. It’s notjust ERP. It’s not just accounting or human resources. The bigtelecommunications companies when, as they move and offer new services, newproducts to their customers, voice-over-Internet-protocol, those kinds ofthings, they have to put in these new systems that we offer and right now ourhottest vertical area is telecommunications as they modernize their software tooffer this new generation of products.  I don’t think those companies can defer that for a year ortwo, like ERP. That’s why the beyond ERP strategy I think is a more resilientstrategy during a downturn than let’s say our friends in Germany. 
Charles E. Phillips: The sub-prime issue is in the news a lot in the U.S. butit’s a big market, hundreds of banks around the world and there are lots ofthem outside of the U.S. that we are involved in, and so we are prettydiversified and obviously we are watching it for the ones that have thoseissues. But I just think it’s a bigger market than perhaps people recognize. 
Operator: And we’ll take our next question form Jason Maynard withCredit Suisse. 
Jason Maynard -Credit Suisse: Good afternoon, guys. I guess after that question, it’s kindof silly to ask how you are feeling about your strategy relative to thecompetition, so maybe I can drill in on the question around these verticalmarkets. Just in that context of being diversified, how much runway do youthink you have left within some of these vertical markets? Where are you at andmaybe some color on what you are seeing in terms of the pull through withdatabase and the middleware products?
Charles E. Phillips: We think we are very early on in this whole strategy, evenfor the verticals we are already in, not to mention for the ones that we planto get into. But the ones that we are in, in terms of the product portfoliothat we have, the ability to go in with a full footprint, these companiesdidn’t buy that way. We are still selling in the verticals who are buildingapplications so we just need to get them to start thinking buying packagedapplications. So we have substantial opportunity ahead of us. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Let me chime in again. To some degree, I wouldn’t call it --ERP is a fairly mature business. I wouldn’t call it saturated quite but it’s avery mature business. Most of the companies made an ERP decision. But if youlook at telecommunications companies, they haven’t modernized their networkpositioning, or their billing. We’re replacing older AMDOC systems.  If you look at some of the banking companies, they are stillrunning on mainframes. They have very old systems, so where ERP is a mature,nearly saturated business, some of these verticals are almost greenfields interms of modern software. They are running on ancient things that are oftenhomegrown, often run on mainframes and it’s just a huge opportunity.  Also again, these are strategic applications. This is thecore of their business. It is not just doing accounting or paying theiremployees. This is actually someone will be able to log on and get a broadbandline and get a cellular telephone line and get that automatically provisionedinteractively over the Internet and to be able to then turn that service on,that VOIP service on or that cellular telephone service on completelyautomatically. The phone companies are doing that and they are using oursoftware to do that. 
Safra A. Catz: Jason, you also hit on a very, very major point, which weare one of the few companies that actually benefits, and that is in the verynatural pull through of our technology when these products sell. The verticalstrategy allows us to pull through other applications, as well as middlewareand database and that’s obviously showing up in the numbers also, and in dealsizes. 
Jason Maynard -Credit Suisse: Okay, real quick on this BEA situation, and I apologize formaybe a basic question here, but help me out there -- with the $17 proposal, Idon’t quite understand why there can’t be a friendly transaction with thecurrent board. What’s the backdrop on that situation?
Safra A. Catz: You know, Jason, you’d really have to ask them. We’ve beenout there with our offer and it does not seem like that is possible with thiscurrent board. 
Roy Lobo: Thank you, Jason, and just let me remind everyone, pleaselimit your questions to one question. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Peter Kuper with Morgan Stanley. 
Peter C. Kuper -Morgan Stanley: All right, I’ll keep everybody honest here, one question --Charles, in your comments, you mentioned SOA a number of times here andcertainly SAP wins, I believe you said 365 direct wins over SAP, if I got thatright. So clearly [inaudible] strategy is working. Is the SOA push here, areyou seeing weakness from the NetWeaver adoption or is it just more of abroad-based, SOA kind of a next let’s say anchor point for you guys to keepchipping away at SAP’s market share?
Charles E. Phillips: Well, I’d say most of the customers are already convincedabout SOA as a platform and as an architecture, so we don’t have to evangelizeanymore. Unless they make that decision, there’s not much out there in terms of-- in our class of quality and breadth of product, so SAP really has nothing.That’s why we can sell so easily into their accounts. They have a core appserver and -- that’s a compromised app server -- and what we provide is socurrent, it’s standard and proven by many third parties, that we walk in with alot of credibility.  So it’s given us another reason to go back and talk to SAPcustomers. 
Peter C. Kuper -Morgan Stanley: Okay, as part of that, development of SOA platform, I mean,we had some [little bit of turnover] in management ranks. Tom Kurian did agreat job on his side. Are you guys feeling good about Fusion’s developmenttrack at this point?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yeah, absolutely. 
Roy Lobo: Thank you. Next question, Operator. 
Operator: We’ll go to Heather Bellini with UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Congratulations on the quarter. I had just a follow-up onSarah’s margin question, talking about the 100 to 200 basis points for this year.I heard what you said but looking out to next year, I mean, you reallyaccelerated and are showing the scale and the leverage of the model this year.I’m wondering if you could give us an idea of is that 50% target that Safra,you’ve talked about for the past few years, is that still something that weshould expect to see and over what timeframe? And then my follow-up would be, looking out to the pipeline,you made comments about the size of it before. I was just wondering, given thecurrent macro environment, could you comment on it now and also tell us if youare assuming lower close rate assumptions than what you were using for theNovember quarter? Thanks. 
Safra A. Catz: Now, Heather, that was really cute. You were able to stickin three questions. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: I tried. 
Safra A. Catz: Okay, let’s see if I can remember them. It was Larry thatcame up with the 50% target and you know, it remains out there in our future.It’s of course very dependent on our level of investment and our growth rate.So for us, profitability has always been very, very important. We’ve come along way from the 20%, 22% we were in the late 90s, so we are now in the --obviously in the 40s for the year. And you know, it is ultimately achievable --it’s just very dependent on an awful lot of things.  The -- jeepers, what was your second one?
Heather Bellini - UBS: The comment, if you could comment about the size of thepipeline and the closing -- 
Safra A. Catz: The pipeline, sure. The pipelines remain very strong. As youknow, I always assume lower closure rates for the next quarter than the yearbefore and this existing quarter. Clearly this past quarter, once again closurerates were high and above average, above the average of the last six or sevenyears. That does seem to be a trend but in our forecasts, we can’t assume thatand though the pipelines are large, very large, and continue to grow, it allreally comes down to getting those deals closed and we won’t know that forquite a while.  There was a third one. What was that? Or did we cover itall?
Operator: We’ll get our next question with Adam Holt with J.P. Morgan.
Adam Holt - J.P.Morgan: Good afternoon and happy holidays to everyone. I had aquestion about the database growth, the 19%. Charles, as I believe youmentioned, you’ve obviously just started to or fully certified 11G on yourapplication set and across platforms. Could you maybe give a little bit ofdetail of what was behind the acceleration in that business, particularly inNorth America?  And then I guess the second part of the question would bethe comps get a little bit more difficult there heading into the back half ofthe year. What should we be thinking about in terms of sustainable growth onthe database side?
Charles E. Phillips: Well, I didn’t mention the options but as you know, wecontinue to add new categories of options with each release and some of the newones that we released last year, like audit log and database log, are doingextremely well. And I think particularly in North America, they have gottengood at focusing on those options and they are having people who specialize inselling add-ons around the database, and so that is a strategy that has workedwell and they are all unique, these options that we come up with.  And I also think just the announcement of 11G, it helped, itkind of refocused people on the core database and they saw the innovationthere. That certainly couldn’t hurt us going forward. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: I think our database will continue to grow in double-digits.We should grow -- if the overall database market in the world is growing athigh single digits, we should certainly grow faster than the market. 
Operator: We’ll go now to Kirk Materne with Banc of AmericaSecurities. 
Kirk Materne - Bancof America Securities: Thanks very much. Just a question on the growth in themiddleware segment. Obviously that’s a segment of technology that’s been sortof lagging recently and I was just curious in terms of what, if there was aproduct in there that’s been sort of a leading indicator for you all in termsof a piece of technology that’s helping you capture customers and thenobviously I assume you are surrounding that product with other features and thevertical applications, but just when you look at that business, is there apiece of functionality that you believe you guys are well ahead of that’sbringing more and more customers to the platform or is it just the entire suiteof offerings you have there?
Lawrence J. Ellison: Actually, I read the same articles you have in thenewspaper. This is about the slowing adoption of SOA, and while I’ve read that,people have to understand when you have a fundamentally new computer softwarearchitecture, SOA, it takes a long time for adoption. This is not somethingsomeone flips a switch and everyone moves to SOA. It takes about 10 to 20 yearsto rewrite all of your applications.  So that always was going to be a slow process. However, wesee that process accelerating, at least in our middleware business. We thinkit’s a long-term growth story. It’s a very rapid growth story. We think it’sincreasing so we have a SOA suite and in security, we have a single sign-onproduct. We have business intelligence products, balanced scorecard products,real-time measurement products.  We have a variety of different components well beyond just aJava server, a JVM and a Java container. So we have a complete and integratedsuite but we see all of those businesses growing. I mean, 80% growth on apretty big number, you have to hit on all the cylinders. So we see ourmiddleware business doing extremely well, though understand it will take a verylong time for our customers but we think that’s good news. It’s a long time forour customers to have a majority of their applications modernized, that wethink this is a growth story for a decade for us. 
Charles E. Phillips: I think the other thing we’ve done well is finally get theISPs on board, went back to some of the database partners and now we have over5,000 ISPs who’ve adopted our middleware and that’s a pull through for us.  And then I think the second issue is Thomas Kurian has donea great job in terms of making the upgrade process easy, so we have somethinglike 90% of the installed base on the last two releases of the platform andthat allows us to continue to upgrade them and sell the add-ons. 
Roy Lobo: Thank you, Operator. We have time for one more question. 
Operator: We’ll take our last question from Israel Hernandez withLehman Brothers. 
Israel Hernandez -Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon, everyone. Our checks our pointing to somesignificant pipeline build across the state and local government vertical, aswell as higher ed. I was wondering if you could comment on what type ofmomentum you are seeing out there in those markets and do you see them as beingmeaningful drivers of business here over the next few quarters. 
Charles E. Phillips: That is an area of strength for us. We’ve always been verystrong in state and local government, and so has PeopleSoft. I think with theacquisition of SPL, which is now our utilities business unit, which is oftensold to those same customers, through our strategy of getting stronger where weare already strong to begin with, this has been very helpful for us. So wecontinue to round out the footprint. A lot of the products that we bought aredefinitely applicable in that same vertical, so yes, we are doing well there. 
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer sessiontoday. I’d like to turn it back to management for any additional or closingremarks. 
Roy Lobo: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for participating intoday’s call. A telephone replay will be available for 24 hours. The replaynumber is 719-457-0820, and the passcode is 1781234. You can also access thewebcast replay on the Oracle investor relations website. The webcast replaywill be available through the close of the market on December 26th. Thank youand with that, I’ll turn the call back to the Operator for closing. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s conference.Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-09-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Krista Bessinger - IR  Safra Catz - President and CFO   Lawrence Ellison - CEO   Charles Phillips - President 
Analysts : Heather Bellini - UBS   Brent Thill - Citigroup   Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs   Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse   Adam Holt - JP Morgan   Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners   Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company   Kirk Materne - Banc of America   Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley   John DiFucci - Bear Stearns 
 Krista Bessinger: Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle's first quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. With me on this call are Oracle Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison; Oracle President Charles Phillips; and Oracle President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz.  As usual, our prepared remarks will be followed by Q & A. Before we begin, however, I'd like to remind you that today 's discussion may include predictions, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Please keep in mind that we're not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Throughout today's discussion, we'll attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions and you should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle Investor Relations website at www.oracle.com/investor.  So with that I'd like to turn the call over to Safra Catz for her opening comments. 
Safra Catz: Thanks, Krista. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. I'm going to first focus on our non-GAAP results for Q1, and then I'll review guidance for Q2 and turn the call over to Larry and Charles. As you can see, we had another excellent quarter and a super strong start to our fiscal year. We delivered these results against a very big Q1 last year, as many of you probably remember, and following a very strong Q4.  The strength in the quarter was very broad based across all product lines and once again, the quarter's results were not dependent upon any unusually large deals. We reported new software license revenues up 35% to $1.1 billion, the strongest growth in any quarter in a decade. Hyperion contributed $80 million to the quarter and Agile, roughly about $7 million.  We saw exceptional strengthen our technology business with license revenues growing 23% year over year; again, our fastest Q1 growth since August of 2000. We grew technology license revenues 23% in the Americas, 38% in EMEA and 4% in APAC. Our applications business was also up a strong 65% year over year, and geographically, we turned in a strong performance across all regions with 58% in the Americas, 77% in EMEA and 67% in APAC.  As our license results show, we continue to grow faster than the market and faster than our primary competitors taking share in all product categories. Chronic update and support revenue was up 22% on a non-GAAP basis to $2.4 billion. We've also been able to again demonstrate this quarter that we can grow both revenue and profitability simultaneously.  Non-GAAP income from operations grew 28% to $1.7 billion resulting in operating margins of 37%, up from 36% in Q1 of last year. EPS grew 27% to $0.22 on a non-GAAP basis excluding stock option expense as compared to $0.18 in the Q1 of last year. Stock-based compensation was less than $0.01.  Operating cash flows for the trailing 12 months increased by a $1.9 billion to $6.6 billion while free cash flow increased 40%. In Q1, we spent $0.5 billion on our buyback and bought back approximately a little bit more than 25 million shares and we paid down a $1.4 billion of our commercial paper. As we have said, the rate of our buyback will fluctuate each quarter taking into account our other uses.  We also recently swapped out our floating rate debt into a lower, fixed rate resulting in a meaningful debt service reductions going forward and we actually just did that a couple weeks ago. Finally, the currency impact for the quarter was positive 3 points on the new license and 4 points on total revenue.  Now, let me turn to the guidance as follows: For new software license revenues, we're expecting them to be up 15% to 25% year over year. For total revenues, we're expecting it to be up 18% to 21% year over year on a non-GAAP basis, and 19% to 21% on a GAAP basis. Non-GAAP EPS, excluding stock based comp, is expected to be $0.26 or $0.27 as compared to $0.22 last year, and GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be $0.20 to $.21, up from $0.18 last year.  Now, this guidance assumes a tax rate of 28.7% for Q2, which is very close to what it was last year which was 28.6%. Now, if current exchange rates hold for the entire quarter, that will result in about 4 points of positive currency impact on our Q1 total revenues. Now of course you know, currencies are likely to fluctuate. As a result, that may impact our Q2.  With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Larry for his comments. 
Lawrence Ellison: Thanks, Safra. It was an all-around spectacular quarter for us and we're very pleased and what I'm going to do is to review our goals for our three businesses, and review how we're doing.  Our goal is to be number one in all three of our businesses: number one in database, number one in middleware, and number one in applications. We've been number one in database for a very, very long time and the database market which is the most mature business we're in, has come down to three major players and a number of niche players, not surprisingly. With Oracle number 1, IBM number 2 and Microsoft number 3. According to the latest analyst reports, Oracle continues to gain share against the number 2 player, IBM. We picked up another point of share this past year against IBM. So, we're doing extremely well against them, and we do very well against Microsoft, whose system is only available on Windows. We're by far and away the strongest database on the fastest growing operating system, which is Linux.  There are some interesting niche players. Sybase gets smaller every year. Teradata, a database machine and now there's some new database machine players, Neteeza, and let me say that Oracle is a very innovative company and I think you'll see us with a response to some of these niche players some time at the end of this year or next year.  In middleware, while Oracle is not number 1 like we are in database, we are by far the fastest growing middleware company. As Safra pointed out, our growth in software was the fastest it's been in a decade and that was really led by our middleware group whose growth was just spectacular. It looks like the middleware business is coming down to the same big three players, but in the exact opposite order.  Microsoft, with their middleware, a lot of which is embedded in Windows, Microsoft being the number 1 player, IBM being the number 2 player, and Oracle being the number 3 player in middleware. We passed all the other niche players. We really separated ourselves from the niche players. BEA, we're almost twice as large as BEA right now, BEA is shrinking in terms of new license sales. So, it's come down to the same big three, but we're growing dramatically faster than our competitors and our target really is to beat IBM because it's very difficult to measure the size of Microsoft's middleware business because so much of it is embedded in Windows.  Also as I said before, Microsoft is proprietary technology where IBM and Oracle both have a strategy to deliver middleware based on industry standards. According to our current growth rate, if we maintain our trajectory and IBM maintains their trajectory we could pass them as early as the end of this year or certainly next year to be the number 2 player in middleware. So, again, that's very, very exciting.  The niche players again are falling backwards, and one of the niche players, NetWeaver from SAP, has virtually disappeared, since Shai Agassi's abrupt departure from SAP, you never hear anything about NetWeaver anymore and they are just not doing very well.  That moves us on to apps where we're the number 2 player, but once again we're growing much faster than our primary competitor SAP. The results, again, speak for themselves. We grew 65% this last quarter in apps. SAP grew 18% in their most recent quarter, but it's not about the past, it's all about the future.  What I'd like to highlight here is the radically different strategies of the two companies for growth. Our strategy for growth is to find a way to add more value to the same customers we already serve, which are the large end of the mid-market and large companies. What we're doing here is moving beyond ERP to industry specific software. So in the telecommunications industry that would be billing systems and network provisioning systems and network inventory systems; core applications to run their business, to run telco. Core applications to run a bank. Core applications to run a retail chain of stores. Core applications to run a utility. That's our focus, and that allows us to leverage the existing relationships that we have because we already sell databases to these companies, we sell middleware to these companies. We sell ERP and CRM to these companies, and now we want to sell this industry-specific software.  It's very different than SAP's strategy which is to go after small companies; small companies with their new Business ByDesign, formerly known as A1S product. Now, we see the problem in that because we've looked at going down market. We've looked very closely at it, and we think it's very hard to make money because there is no synergy. To go down market you need a new product and new product development teams. You spend a lot of money developing a whole new product for the low end. But you also need an all new sales force because we don't call on those customers. We don't call on small businesses, and it's very expensive to call on small businesses. It's very expensive to do ERP implementations in small businesses. The cost of sales is high. The cost of implementation is high. There are virtually no synergies in sales, marketing, and product development and support.  So while we think it's an interesting market -- the small market -- because it's large, we just haven't figured out a way to make a substantial profit in that market. We think it's hard to make money. Our strategy: add more value, go upstream, sell industry-specific software to our existing customers, and we'll watch and see how SAP does going after small companies. Especially with in Software as a Service which we think is very interesting, but so far no one has figured out how to make any money at it.  Thank you very much. Charles. 
 Charles Phillips:  Thanks, Larry. I just want to make a few comments from an operational perspective. We had a very good start to the year, very well executed in EMEA and North America, particularly. I want to thank the guys there and our retail vertical had a blow out, as well. So I think part of the reason is we had fewer changes in terms of territories, we've learned how to minimize that over the years and so that maintains relationship consistency. We're managing the timing of the kickoffs better so they're earlier the quarter, although we could have done better and we will next year.  We also improving productivity; 35% license growth, about 30 % sales and marketing growth in terms of expenses, but we think there's more improvement to make it there as well.  A few product area highlights. On the database business, the enterprise options continue to do very well. What was encouraging is our newer options are coming on so if you take Oracle Database Audit Vault, for instance, which we released last April, that was up 48% quarter to quarter. If you look at Content Database and Records Database, both of those were up nearly 300%, so these new areas are coming on.  Also in the quarter, keep in mind we released a major new release of the Oracle database, 11g. In the first month, we had 35,000 downloads. Also with that product, we picked up four new options which is, of course, important. They include advanced compression, total recall, real application testing and active data guard.  In middleware, you heard Larry talk about our strength there. We grew 129% compared to a decline of 9% for BEA. I guess we'll have to stop using them, they are becoming less relevant by the day and find somebody else to pick on; but nonetheless, we're getting significant share. We now have 53,000 customers there and more importantly, these customers are upgrading, so we're releasing every 48 months. If you look at our latest two releases, 85% of our customer base is on that release.  We get a number of awards every quarter and too numerous to list. One I thought was important to mention, because it's the seminal report in middleware. Forrester evaluated nine platform vendors in middleware against 175 criteria, five different use cases, 100-page report and once again, Oracle came out the leader. We repeated as a leader. We were the leader last year as well. So that continues to go well technically.  Some of the key wins in the quarter, Intuit made a commitment to our entire suite of offerings, as did Thomas Cook. Both of those were wins against IBM, University of Virginia. Enterprise performance management wins, Ford Motor Company, Cisco, Baker Hughes. Business intelligence against the usual competitors, Anheuser-Busch, U.S. Steel we won and several others. Content management, which I mentioned was very hot, Symbion, a very large airliner, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and those were wins over Documentum and a replacement of IBM Filenet. Management enterprise-wide rollout at Royal Bank of Scotland and Scandia. We beat Sun, IBM and C8 in those deals.  Turning to applications, I think what's really happening in our applications business is customers are getting our story now. We are the only company offering an end-to-end application suite that spans ERP, CRM, and the vertical applications as Larry talked about, all in a standard technology stack. Now we're delivering those integrations across the stack so customers can get best of breed products which are pre-integrated by Oracle with modern middleware.  If you look at our integration in platform, which we call Application Integration and Architecture, or AIA for short, we are pre-integrating key processes across our application portfolio. For instance, order to cash, which would represent a flow from Siebel to Oracle EDS. We call that a process integration pack and we've been shipping them over the summer. These packs add immediate value for our customers since they can stop maintaining the custom integrations, and they can also modify their processes more easily.  Let me talk about some of the key wins and some of their specific applications areas. In CRM On Demand, we released Version 14 of our service. We won a very large pharmaceutical company, one of the Top 5 in the world with 300 seats and it will be larger over time. Also I wanted to clear up the discussion over ADP. We mentioned that one last quarter and there were rumors out there was only five or 10 seats. That's over 300 users, that was a standalone deal made by ADP, not the acquisition. That continues to go well.  Also we had a very large software company in Europe that standardized on us. So we're seeing nice growth, especially in Europe and Asia since those are newer geographies for us. We now have a dedicated salesforce that needs to be larger. We're hiring as fast as we can and we have a coverage issue so we have to keep hiring there, but we think we're very competitive. It's a very competitive market. We need to stay focused, but we are doing exactly that.  Also, on the on-premise applications we had a lot of new releases that we talked about earlier in the year. If you remember, in January we had five new releases of our ERP and CRM products and that has gone very well. For instance, on PeopleSoft Version 9, over 30% of the installed base has upgraded already. Key companies like ABN Ambro, Northwestern University, Wyoming Department of Transportation and so on are upgrading. They are finding the upgrade process easier because we can engineer it across the stack and that means with have more upsale opportunities.  We have key customers going to 8.12 this quarter like Land O'Lakes and Johnson & Johnson. J.D. Edwards, they had not had a new release in a decade so we put out the product for release 89.1. We have over 100 customers actively upgrading right now. Of course, we just shipped a new release of the Business Suite Version 12.  Some key wins in the quarter, CVS Corp., Hyatt, Encore ERP, SMB Market, the YMCA of Greater New York and G-Log, some of these extended ERP areas, G-Log, Sprint Nextel, 20th Century Fox and Timex, GE Plastics. The retail vertical had a blowout with Ahold which was a major deal in the quarter, and also the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board since that's right in Pennsylvania, we thought we could mention that one, as well.  Some of the verticals, just to wrap up. In the telco area, we won PCCW; that was a win over Amdocs and Keenan. Canal in EMEA, that was a win over Comverse, the Indian solution in communications. In banking, through iflex, we won the Korea Exchange Bank, and also for the fifth year in a row, iflex was named as the number 1 core banking product in terms of new installations for the last 12 months.  To wrap up with tax and utilities, we had some key wins there in these new areas like the enterprise tax platform. So for instance, the Commonwealth of Kentucky will move their entire state tax system to Oracle. That was a key win over SAP working with EDS. Transurban, which is one of the largest toll road billing companies, collecting companies in the world, they are standardizing on the SPL product, as well.  Lastly, I just want to remind everyone, Open World this year is November 11 through the 15 in San Francisco, and it's our 30-year anniversary. You don't want to miss it; 42,000 attendees and our friends will be there. See you there. 
 Krista Bessinger: So, with that, we have time for a couple of questions. Allen, could you please poll for questions? 
Operator: Your first question comes from Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse. 
 Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: Many of your large cap tech peers have actually struggled to deliver both revenue growth and market expansion. It's usually a trade-off where you get one or the other. This past quarter you guys actually had revenue acceleration even in your core business while growing operating margins. Can you just dive into a little bit more detail and talk about some of the dynamics that are actually enabling you to deliver that performance? 
 Safra Catz: Sure. A number of things are going on. First of all, our installed base has grown very, very dramatically, and that's really the engine of all of this. So you all focus on the new license growth; it's really about the base and the new licenses are really just adding to the base every quarter and every year. So as that continues to grow, it helps us on the margin side continuously.  Secondly, as these acquisitions come in, as I've said before, as they first come in, they bring in a lot of expenses and oftentimes not a lot of revenues because of our different, more conservative accounting policies and the investment that we put in globalizing and really making the products at a level that we're comfortable with for our increased distribution channel, so expenses come in.  However, after awhile, these acquisitions start to really pay back. A few quarters ago, we sort of crossed the line here, and though our margins were not decreasing, they've now started to increase as these acquisitions, we can recognize more of the revenue and also, we actually have higher revenues from them over time that the benefits us.  So as the costs are overshadowed by the revenue increases, obviously, automatically you have increasing margins and we do expect that to continue. 
 Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: As a follow-up on that, within some of your high growth verticals like retail, fiserv, telco, what's your best guess for penetration and how far do you think you can go just in terms of driving into the market or at least picking up more productivity as you get deeper into the verticals? 
 Lawrence Ellison: We're just at the very beginning in terms of penetrating these markets. We really purchased verticals that were the technology leaders, not necessarily the market leaders. If you look at Portal versus Amdocs, I mean, Amdocs is clearly the overwhelming market leader in the telco space but we think the Portal technology is more modern, much more flexible as telcos go into all these interesting new businesses of reselling data services. We think we're ideally equipped to start penetrating as they roll out new systems.  So this is the very beginning. We think there's a huge amount of head room for these verticals to grow enormously, and we think they're going to be a bigger and bigger part of our business every year. 
 Charles Phillips: I echo that because I think what's happening is in many of these conversations, we're selling against a custom application and a legacy system. So most of what they have is legacy systems from 10 years ago. So this is very early on and we're still trying to convince people that off the shelf software is useable. So that's where we are. We're early on in some of these verticals, so we have plenty of room to go. Now this is a first time that they've had a large application vendor show up who will support it forever, to say that you can buy off the shelf. It's changing their thinking, and those conversations are underway right now. That's what's driving the growth in those verticals as people switch over. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Heather Bellini - UBS. 
 Heather Bellini - UBS: I had a follow-up to Jason's question. Just a little bit more detail, for fiscal year '07 last year I think you had 40 basis points of operating margin expansion. Looking out to this year, how should we be thinking of that given what you showed this quarter? 
 Safra Catz:  Well, you know, it's interesting. We did about 60 in the quarter, and this is always the very toughest quarter because we go into the quarter with really all of the expenses at a run rate of Q4 and it's always a seasonally lower revenue quarter for us. So if things were not going very well, this would be where you'd see it, and of course, it went very well. I think you should expect it actually to increase as we are able to reduce some of the costs that we've picked up in some of our previous acquisitions.  Now, of course, if we do another acquisition, it may slow the improvement down a little bit, but we expect margins to improve $0.01 to $0.02 this year, 100 to 200 basis points. 
 Heather Bellini - UBS:  This year 100 to 200 basis points? 
 Safra Catz:  Yes, compared to last year. 
 Heather Bellini - UBS: My follow-up, Safra, is just seeing that the great quarter that you guys just posted on the license line, how do you feel about the pipeline entering November versus say last November? Do you feel as if you're being more conservative given the macro environment right now? 
 Safra Catz:  Well, the reality is that pipelines are extremely strong but we read the same papers you do. So pipelines are strong, very strong, stronger than they were, much stronger than -- well, very strong.  Pipelines are very strong, but as I said, we read the papers too and though we are of course, geographically diverse and obviously we're diversified by sector and all that and of course we're getting great benefit from a weak dollar. We feel our pipelines look very good, but we do take into account what's going on. 
 Heather Bellini - UBS:  So you're giving yourself cushion? 
 Safra Catz:  You are never going to get me to say that. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Adam Holt – JP Morgan. 
 Adam Holt - JP Morgan: My first question is about some of the internal execution in the first quarter. Charles, I believe you mentioned there was less territory movement than you've seen in maybe previous years. Given that a couple years back the first quarter was a little bit more dicey, you've now had two very strong Q1s in a row. Could you maybe detail a little bit some of the things that you've done to solidify execution in the period? 
 Charles Phillips: We finally did what Larry has been telling us for five years, quit making so many changes, that helps.  Secondly, our structure as we are currently set up helps a lot. As we make these acquisitions, because we have specialized sales forces and business units, we don't have to disrupt the entire organization to add one more sales force. So that structure is very helpful to accommodating the acquisitions, so that's worked as well.  I think also, people have just been working together longer. Now that we have all of these products, we're doing more footprint deals where people are going in jointly together in these specialized sales forces, and saying we're all going to do better if we tell the entire Oracle story, and so more of those deals are happening, as well. That's helping. 
 Adam Holt - JP Morgan:  If I could just ask a follow-up on cash flow, it looked like it was particularly strong, by my calculation, up over 60% year on year in the quarter. It looked like deferred was quite strong and I wanted to know whether or not there was anything unusual or if it was just good renewals and maintenance, et cetera, as well as collections look like they were particularly strong? 
 Safra Catz:  Well, all of the above. The collections are always very strong this quarter. We had just such an enormous Q4. Some of our customers are signing up for things that we just aren't booking right now because they don't meet our revenue recognition policies for booking now, so you'll see some of that.  They've paid us, but we're not calling it revenues here. We have a long history of that kind of conservatism. We don't actually consider it conservative, we actually consider it appropriate. But as our customers pay us, got to put it on the balance sheet somewhere and we got a lot of money in Q1, as we usually do. 
 Adam Holt - JP Morgan:  So would that suggest there was actually a shift in deferred, maybe towards a little bit more license revenue being in deferred than we've seen in the past? 
 Safra Catz:  It kind of depends where. The bulk of deferred revenues is maintenance, and that's the bulk of it and there's just no two ways to look at it. So everything that moves around is generally, mostly maintenance, but there are obviously customers and remember, all of that maintenance they pay us generally upfront and it just sits there on the balance sheet until we can count it as revenue. 
Operator:  We'll now go to Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs. 
 Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs:  Good afternoon, everyone. You obviously came off an incredible quarter on the database and middleware side, and you mentioned the launch of 11g back in early July. Do you think that that actually started to have an impact this quarter or is that still to come really as customers get a look at the new options? 
 Lawrence Ellison: I think our database announcements neither freeze the market or expand the market. Of course when you buy a database from Oracle, you get the rights. As long as you're paying maintenance, you get the rights to the next release and the next release and the next release after that. Now, we think it's just the fact that our products are getting better and better relative to the competition.  Charles mentioned one particular product called Datavault, and that allows us to conceal data from what -- I don't want to get into too much technical detail -- but database administrators for DB2 and database administrators, the technicians who create the DB2 databases and create the SQL server databases, those technicians can actually see the data that's in the database.  With Oracle Datavault, we can have the technical people screened off of the data. So we can secure the data from the technical people. So that Datavault, that security option is a huge, not only is it a possibility for us to sell more options, but it's a huge differentiator where our database is dramatically more secure than what's offered by the competition.  Again, I think over time, we're actually distancing ourselves. We're able to invest more than Microsoft in database. We're able to invest more than IBM in database because our business is bigger. We continue to innovate, we continue to focus on security, on reliability, on scalability with rack and grid computing, and we're just taking share right away from that IBM on mainframes and we're taking share away from Microsoft using Linux.  So we're now the cost leader, I guess is the long answer; we're now the cost leader. We announced last quarter that for the first time ever we had better price performance. We've always had better performance than Microsoft, but now we have better price performance than Microsoft. So whether you're looking at high end security issues or just transactions per dollar, we're the leader across the board and we expect our technology business to grow pretty rapidly from here on out. 
 Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: So it looks like we can at least still see some double-digit type growth across that area for the next couple quarters it sounds like? 
 Lawrence Ellison:  I believe at least, yes. 
 Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs:  Just one other one for you since you did comment on the macro and everyone's concerned about it. As you talked, particularly in the financial vertical to those customers, can you give us any incremental color on how they might be feeling about budget cycles as we look out into '08? 
 Charles Phillips: I was just there last week, meeting with a lot of financial customers and it hasn't translated yet to any definite change in spending from what we can tell, although there will be layoffs, of course. That's coming, so we'll have to wait and see. We're watching it, but none of my guys have seen anything. I haven't seen anything yet. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John DiFucci - Bear Stearns. 
 John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Most of my questions have been asked, but just kind of looking at the results it looks like strength across everything here. But just a quick question on Asia-Pac. It looks like the tech area of Asia-Pac was not as strong as some of the other areas and perhaps you can comment on that? 
 Charles Phillips: There were a few deals that we're coming on in Asia-Pac; not Japan, just in core Asia-Pac that did not close, that has since made progress. One of them has closed already, that was lower than what we were looking for. We think we have it addressed and hopefully that will come back this quarter. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brent Thill - Citigroup. 
 Brent Thill - Citigroup: Just a quick follow-up on the deferred. The long term was more than 2X any quarter last year and that seems pretty unusual relative to a Q1. So, were there any major changes or is that just as a result of the prepaid maintenance? 
 Safra Catz:  It's a bunch of stuff. It's customers paying for things that apply to them for multiple years and so we're not booking it yet. That's how it works. So if it's out of current, it's because we won't be booking it in the next year. It's out there in the future and because of acquisitions and otherwise, there's really a move towards companies making much longer term commitments to us for multiple years. Obviously, we're not going to book that upfront when it isn't the thing to do. 
 Lawrence Ellison: As Safra pointed out, when we make an acquisition, often these vertical software companies sell a project which includes vertical software and consulting services. As the customer continues to pay, we can't recognize that software revenue because it doesn't meet our revenue recognition principles. So some of these cases where it's a project that's been sold that includes software, we recognize the software perhaps either ratably at the end of the project. 
 Brent Thill - Citigroup: Safra, since you're so excited to talk about the pipeline maybe we can just get a sense from you. When you look at the pipeline, would you characterize it as late stage pipeline that you're seeing the strength or early stage or how do you characterize the phases as you as you head into Q2? 
 Safra Catz:  Well, I'll tell you, I don't characterize it young, old, short, or tall. I mean, mostly what we're doing is we follow the exact same process every single quarter. We get the forecast from the field. We get the pipeline which is what we expect to close in the quarter, okay? Now, it is always a multiple of the actual forecast. It is true it is a larger multiple of the forecast this quarter than previous quarters -- and by the way, that's the trend we've been having. I have to assume historical, some sort of close rates and we have to make an assumption on those and we look at historical trends.  But the pipeline is exactly the same age as it is every quarter. It is the pipeline that we see, two and a half, three weeks out of what the field thinks they're going to close in the quarter and so it's exactly the same age. That's not the variable that moves. The variable that moves is the close rate, which is a judgment based on a lot of facts and the forecast. 
Krista Bessinger : We have time actually now for just one more question, operator. 
Operator:  Your final question comes from Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley. 
 Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley : Larry, in your comments, you mentioned talking about SAP and them going to the lower end as a challenge. Thinking about Siebel On Demand and some of the other On Demand efforts going on within Oracle, where do you see this market targeting for you guys? The SMB is probably the more open terrain at this point versus the installed base which you guys have certainly locked up quite a bit of. Is that a fair read that On Demand is not going down too far downstream? How should we look at that market segment? 
 Lawrence Ellison: Well, it appears that the small business is open terrain because I guess Oracle doesn't sell a lot to small business and SAP doesn't sell a lot to small business. However, Intuit does and there are players in that market. I'm not sure it's open; it may appear open to us because we don't sell to them, but I'm not quite sure how open terrain that is, and I'm not sure how big that market is. You count a lot of companies, but you look at the total IT spend, and how they implement these big ERP systems and we think there's a significant cost of sales, a significant cost of implementation, and a limited amount of money you can charge. So that business looks a bit challenging, my view is challenging.  Then when you add in the fact that you're going to recognize revenue ratably because you're going to deliver the service on your own computers, you're going to deliver software as a service, the best software as a service company in the world by far, I think, is Salesforce.com and they don't make any money.  And there are no synergies. For us to go down market, we have to have an all new sales force because we don't call on these customers. We'd have to have all new marketing and advertising campaigns because we don't advertise to those customers. We would have to have an all new product and an all new product development team because our products are inappropriate for those customers. And then you have to build the business and walk up the experience curve; so we think that's enormously challenging. 
 Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley : IBM, Larry you were talking earlier, security identity management, you guys are certainly building out quite a suite via the acquisitions, and it sounds like that's going well for you. Is systems management, or IBM typically more directly, is that something you guys would consider offering as well as part of the overall Oracle software suite here? 
 Lawrence Ellison: We looked to going into that business and we decided to largely stay out of that. We have a product called Enterprise Manager where we do applications monitoring, measurement and management and that's an important business to us. But we have no intention of going head-to-head with Tivoli or going head-to-head with HP, or CA or BMC in these management applications.  We occupy a niche. We believe that's the right strategy for us to be a niche player for our database, middleware and applications. For enterprise monitoring and management we've chosen not to expand into that marketplace. 
Krista Bessinger : Thanks, everyone for participating in today's call. There will be a telephone replay that will be available for 24 hours, and that replay number is 719-457-0820 with passcode 9004474. You can access a webcast replay also on the Oracle Investor Relations website and that will be available through the close of market on September 27.  Thank you all for joining us.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-06-26 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Krista Bessinger - VP of Investor Relations   Safra Catz - President and CFO   Larry Ellison - CEO   Charles Phillips - President 
Analysts: Heather Bellini - UBS   Brent Thill - Citigroup   Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs   Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse   Adam Holt - J.P. Morgan   Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners   Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company   Kirk Materne - Banc of America   Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley   John DiFucci - Bear Stearns 
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation Quarterly Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce the Vice President of Investor Relations for Oracle, Ms. Krista Bessinger. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Krista Bessinger: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to Oracle's fourth quarter fiscal year 2007 Earnings Call. With me on this call are Oracle Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; Oracle President, Charles Phillips; and Oracle President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz.  As usual, our prepared remarks will be followed by Q&A. Before we begin, however, I would like to remind you that today's discussion may include predictions, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they're subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation.  Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Throughout today's discussion, we'll attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a more complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle Investor Relations website at www.oracle.com/investor.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Safra Catz for her opening comments. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Safra Catz: Thanks, Krista. Good afternoon everyone, and thanks for joining us. I am going to first focus on our non-GAAP results for Q4 and fiscal year '07. I'll then review guidance for Q1 and turn the call over to Larry and Charles.  As you can see from our numbers, we had another very strong quarter and a very strong close to our fiscal year. We again executed extremely well across the board. New software license revenue was very strong, with revenues of $2.5 billion, up 17% year-over-year for the quarter and up 20% for the full year.  Deal volumes continue to increase and like the rest of the year, Q4 was very broad-based in terms of deal size and not dependent on any unusually large transaction.  Technology license revenues were up 18% in Q4 and up 15% for the full year. We saw remarkable strength across database options and middleware, resulting in significant acceleration from the 9% growth in fiscal '06. Technology growth was strong across all geographies, with technology license revenues up 20% in the Americas, 20% in EMEA and 10% in APAC.  Applications were strong as well, with license revenue of $726 million, up 13% in Q4, and up 32% for the full year, again despite a very difficult year ago comparison.  Hyperion contributed $43 million to new software licenses, with license split approximately 60-40 between [apps and tech]. The story for the year is that we grew all our businesses faster than the market, taking market share from SAP, from BEA, and from IBM.  Turning to product updates and support, our revenue was up 19% on a non-GAAP basis to $2.3 billion.  We continue to see world-class renewal rates. Our revenue growth also remains extremely profitable, and we continue to grow market share and margins simultaneously. Non-GAAP income from operations grew 23% to $2.7 billion, resulting in operating margins of 46%, up a 160 basis point year-over-year despite a 140 basis point headwind from the consolidation of i-flex and Hyperion.  Margins have started to improve as earlier acquisitions are coming up to scale and we expect to see continued margin improvement in fiscal year '08.  Last, we grew EPS by 28% to $0.37 on a non-GAAP basis, coming in $0.03 above our guidance, and well above our stated goal of 20% average EPS growth. We've now completed three years of our five-year non-GAAP EPS growth plan of 20% a year and we are delivering earnings growth way ahead of our target.  In Q4, we bought back approximately 55 million shares at an average price of $18.33, spending about $1 billion, making it $4 billion in fiscal year '07. The rate of our buyback for the other $4 billion we have authorized, will take into account our commercial paper obligations as well as other uses.  Operating cash flow for the trailing 12 months increased by almost $1 billion to $5.5 billion, while free cash flow increased 21%.  Now let me turn briefly to guidance, and while we feel good about our ability to execute and competitive position heading into FY '08, Q1 is typically our smallest seasonal quarter, and as you know last year Q1 of '07 was a very strong quarter. Last year, new software license revenues were up a record 28% in Q1 and total revenues up 26% year-over-year. Our guidance for Q1, not including Agile is as follows:  New software license revenues are expected to be up 20% to 30% year-over-year. Total revenue is expected to be up 18% to 21% year-over-year on a non-GAAP basis. Total revenue on a GAAP basis is expected to be up 19% to 21%. This year we will include stock option expense in our non-GAAP numbers. So that means that around $50 million in expense per quarter will be included in the non-GAAP EPS number.  Now, as a transition I'll give you both numbers, so you can align your model. So, non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.21 as compared to $0.18 last year, but that number excludes the stock option expense as we did last year. Including the stock option expense, the non-GAAP EPS number is expected to be $0.20 as compared to what would have been $0.17 last year.  GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be $0.15, up from $0.13 last year. Now this guidance assumes a tax rate of $28.6 for Q1, down from $30.4 in Q1 last year. Now, if current exchange rate holds for the entire quarter that will result in 2 to 3 points of positive currency impact in Q1. But as you know, currencies are likely to fluctuate, and as a result the currency impact in Q1 could be different then our guidance assumed.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Larry for his comments. 
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. As Safra commented, the rules for GAAP or non-GAAP have changed again, where now non-GAAP will include our stock option expense. So, our stock option expense is included in GAAP as well as non-GAAP. And, as you know, as per the General Accepted Accounting Principals, the rules around revenue and revenue recognition are rather complex and they do change overtime. So, one of the numbers I would like to call to your attention is the number that I find very interesting, and are monitored very closely, and that is our operating cash flow divided by a number of shares, in other words the operating cash flow per share.  Now, it’s interesting to look back in the past year, our GAAP earnings per share were $0.81. However, our operating cash flows per share was a $1.05. And again, I find those numbers very interesting then GAAP earnings per share $0.81, non-GAAP earnings per share for the year $1.01, operating cash flow per share $1.05. As you know, this cash, as Safra mentioned our operating cash flow went up a $billion from around -- approximately around is amounting from $4.5 billion to $5.5 billion, and its cash that allows us to make strategic acquisitions. This cash allows us to buy stock back. As we said before, we bought our stock back at a rate of $4 billion for the previous year and we will continue to buy back stock in the marketplace. We'll continue to make acquisitions, all enabled by our cash flow. So that's a number we look at very, very closely. We think it’s a number that is an interesting measure of the progress we are making at this business as that cash flow increases.  I'll turn it over to Charles. 
Charles Phillips: Thanks, Larry. Just a few comments by product area. We were very pleased, what our database did in the quarter, both new options and old options. So, there is acceleration in enterprise manager and advanced securities, but the new options by database also did very well. That’s a product that’s apparently a year old and we had to merge deals in the quarter with Eli Lily, [Generali] in Italy and the government of Netherlands. Also some good wins around the Enterprise Search.  Partitioning one of the older options also did well with renewed momentum. Companies like China Mobile, FedEx, Daewoo Securities did large deals in the quarter. I think another important development is that we set a world record price performance benchmark in the quarter, and I know benchmarks don’t exactly excite people, but let me tell you why this one is important. We have always had the absolute performance leads, but this is the first time in the history of Oracle where we have price performance leads against Microsoft and everyone else.  So what that means is, there has been a technology change where the larger cash site is the 8 megabyte L3 for instance on a Xeon really favors our architecture, and that combined with our new per stock pricing, we have the price performance lead by a long shot. And so as we move into the lower end of market, that’s going to help us to combine that with Enterprise Linux and more memory prices, our price performance lead is going to increase.  So, tomorrow we are announcing a new remarketed program. So what that means is partners and resellers can join the Oracle reseller program instantly and begin to sell these products without administrative processing and overhead. So you can select these orders online, processing these contracts will be done in minutes and not days. Good for the resellers, and that’s based on feedbacks and they'll make it easier to do business with Oracle, and we have done that.  The other milestone in the quarter is that Gartner released her annual report on Database market share. According to Gartner, we have a 47.1% share up year-over-year. And I've been waiting to say this for a while our market share is now greater than IBM and Microsoft in the database business combined.  We've retained our number one status on Linux with an 82.6% market share, IBM has 9.3. We are also number one status on UNIX at 65.7%.  The middleware business continued momentum, we achieved a major milestone in the quarter by completing the release of Oracle Fusion Middleware 10g R3. That product has over a 1000 new features. That's important because these customers upgrade quickly. 80% of our customers are on the latest two releases of that product. They are seeing value and upgrading. It's also important because these new features act as a wedge to get into new accounts.  Standards allow us to enter and coexist on top of existing middleware product from third parties. So to give you a few examples of what happened in the quarter, Time-Warner deployed our SOA suite on top of WebSphere. ABN AMRO deployed SOA suite of top of WebSphere as well.  Looking forward, other areas that we've done well in, Identity Management, Telecom Italia in the quarter another SAP shop. They used middleware from Oracle to secure and streamline position that has uses across internal and external enterprises. They found they couldn't do that with NetWeaver -- we don't hear much about it anymore.  Applications, the big development in the application industry this quarter was the announcement of Application Integration Architecture or AIA. What that is, it's a standard way to integrate all of our applications as well as customer and third party applications using standard middleware. There is a common object model, it is extensible by customers and partners. It is package integration package built-in standard BPEL. And this has been very helpful in explaining the customers, how standard [solo] technology can be used at an integration platform and to highlight the strength of our middleware. Several process integration impacts the shipping, more will come each month over the summer.  Key wins in the quarter, ERP, the New York Metropolitan Transit Authority, Juniper Networks. Had a very nice CRM win in New York. New York was the hot area for us this quarter I guess. But we had a joint RFP from the New York City Housing Authority and the Department of Information and Technology. It was combined [bet] standardizing on Siebel.  Schneider, a leading logistic services company, was a competitive win over SAP. Currently, we have the top 5 logistics services providers running Oracle applications. We continue to lead in high-tech with good wins at EMC, QUALCOMM and our [Arrow], and now surround the SAP strategy, where we use specialized products that extend the ERPs against our SAP accounts. We got some key SAP customers start to buy our products. So with demands up for instance Merck, Beckman, Texas Instruments and Bowater. [G-Log] for Circuit City on and on.  Key industry wins i-flex at one, SunTrust and Federal Home Loan , and Telco Billing, Nokia, Siemens, Iridium and those cases would Amdocs, LHS, (inaudible) City University of New York, that was an important win. That's the largest university system in the country, it's a highly anticipated decision. It took over a year to do that. I had to visit there three times myself, we won over SAP despite the last minute discounting. All the other universities have been watching this decision. It's going to help us going forward.  There were two major live events in the quarter as well. Existing customers that have deployed our technologies, have upgraded, that's important for the future sales but company's like Edan, Equifax, HP, Merrill Lynch , MetLife, Verizon Wireless, Dell, Sun and [I'll pull up].  In the on demand business finally, we launched in April, our upgraded CRM On Demand platform, so I want to spend a moment on that. Since that time, year-over-year, we've seen a 274% increase in the website traffic to our CRM On Demand home page.  In the quarter, we had 74% growth in CRM On Demand revenue in the quarter recognized revenue, bookings were even stronger. Key wins in the quarter of CRM On Demand, Fidelity, Konica, Motorola, a large a large bank in Europe, and Automatic Data Processing were selected among other deals in the quarter that we will be closing this quarter. A large bank in Europe for instance in the large tech company in Europe.  Every single deal I was involved in, the customer said the user interfaces is the comparable and skip for both products, both to you and the competition. That’s not going to drive deals in the enterprise anymore.  Going forward what are they looking for? Integration to ERP, integration to on premise CRM for mixed environments, standard integration and use in BPEL, security, they don’t want (inaudible), a private database option, or a completely dedicated grid, we can offer both.  And you know that I am appreciated the option of bringing it in house, even if we are running it, they change their mind later, they can run it onsite. We have over 2,000 telesales reps, in a very large field organization, we take this market seriously. We have momentum.  Thanks a lot. 
Krista Bessinger: So, with that we have some time for questions, operator. Could you please call for questions? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  And we will take our first question from Heather Bellini with UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. I was just wondering, Safra, if you could talk a little bit about the size of the pipeline entering Q1 versus prior Q1 and last year in particular, the guidance is obviously very good. And was also wondering, if you could touch on your thoughts for how we should think about operating margins in fiscal year '08 and what the company is focused on in terms of margins. Thank you. 
Safra Catz: Sure Heather, nice way to put three questions in one, but we will go with that. The reality is high pipelines look fantastic frankly for Q1, going into Q1 it will be obviously exciting. It could be our largest Q1 ever, as you can see by our guidance, we feel that we are really going on all cylinders and the forecast is very, very, very significant. So, we feel very good about it. Well, we wouldn't have come up with this kind of guidance, frankly.  As far as margins, you can see they continue to improve year-over-year. It's really a matter of scale and as the acquisitions get to scale, they start to show very significant profitability. The reality is that, it really all depends on what we buy, but consistently I expect to see the same level of margin improvement, if not more, for the company next year. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Thank you very much. 
Safra Catz: Okay. One more question in there? 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Well, I just was wondering if you could comment on the pipeline this Q1 versus last Q1, given how well you outperformed last year? 
Safra Catz: It's significantly higher. I mean it's really... 
Heather Bellini - UBS: And that does mean Agile, right? 
Safra Catz: No, no. And, in fact Agile shareholder vote will be in the middle of July, and none of this guidance includes Agile at all. So, assuming that we closed, let's say sometime at the end of July, assuming a favorable shareholder vote which I do. It should be little bit higher, but Agile is a pretty small company compared to us. So, I think that the reality is the pipelines look extremely good. We took a brush through them and assumed lower closing rates than we usually use, and we still came up with this guidance. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll go next to Brent Thill from Citigroup. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. Good afternoon. I wonder if you can just address the applications business. Europe looked very strong, the US looked fairly weak relative to last couple of years. You can comment in terms of what you saw in Q4, and what you are seeing in the pipeline for Q1 in the US? 
Larry Ellison: Yeah, well, I think it's simply a matter of very, very tough comparison. The North American application business had a complete blowout in Q4 a year ago, which was a comparison we had to take this year. First of all, a very strong pipeline in Q1. So it's simply a matter of they had again spectacular growth a year ago and there was a tough comparison. But, again, we expect the North America to grow strongly in the Apps business in Q1. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: And just a quick follow-up Larry? 30 acquisitions over the last three years, five in just Q4, can you just talk in a very high level in terms of your pace? Do you expect it to slow or continue? 
Larry Ellison: I expect that the pace to continue. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon everyone. I am going to take you through, which is the database side. What do you think is the reasonable growth rate for the database license area, as you look into fiscal '08? And what is there that drives upside there., is it the 11g upgrade, is it more options being released, or is it some of these bundles that you are offering back into the SMB market against PeopleSoft -- probably all three? 
Safra Catz: Okay, well, first of all, it's really everything. It's just hitting on all cylinders we've got. We've got 11g. We've got new version of the middleware. We've got a lot of different bundles. We've got a number of new options available. So, the reality is that everything is just coming along.. And there is a very significant product pipeline coming through right now. And, overall just general adoption and customers making more significant commitment both to our middleware and to our database and to options and re-looking at some of the things we've got available to us. So, it really is a matter of customers committing and very, very strong product pipeline for sort of the foreseeable future, frankly. Growth rate should be pretty consistent with what you have been seeing frankly, and we are very optimistic and we don't think that necessarily maxed out. 
Larry Ellison: Let me add to that. There are a number of new features coming out in the database this current fiscal year, which I think is going to help accelerate the database business itself. But keep in mind, our technology business has made up of database and middleware, and the middleware business while smaller than the database business is growing much, much faster also. Also, but the middleware business is probably getting to the size, that it is really losing the needle.  So, if you look at our overall technology business, middleware is a significant percentage of it now. So, if you have a much higher growth rate in middleware that takes the whole technology growth rate up. So that's what you are seeing as the middleware business is getting to scale, the very fast growing middleware business is getting to scale. And the combined growth rate between middleware and database, therefore, is much higher than you might expect. 
Charles Phillips: That is on the database side. Our lead over the competition is significant and we'll get larger on July 11th, that's when we are going to announce the 11g. So just remember July 11th, 11g. And so a lot of new features are coming out there, that I think will help us -- ISVs have also upgraded more than to take advantage of great technology that took several years, and I would say the shift to Linux is helping us as the customers moved to Linux. We are indeed the de facto standard there. In fact, the open source database is lost here last year on Linux.  And then lastly, these applications are more data intensive. People are still generating a lot more data than they did the prior year, that's accelerating and it seems that it's going to be that way for the foreseeable future. 
Larry Ellison: And Oracle Grid technology is still unique. IBM does not have any -- it does not have good capability for transaction processing. Microsoft has no great capability for transaction processing. We are the only ones who could deliver that full tolerance, that kind of scalability for OLTP with a great architecture. There is no one else -- for OLTP, the maximum number of computers you can have with IBM is 1, like IBM DB2, the maximum number of OLTP servers you can have with Microsoft is 1. The maximum number with Oracle is 128. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: That sounds like we're looking at, least kind of double-digit type growth across that area? 
Larry Ellison: Well, I think across our tech business, we're definitely in double-digit territory for the foreseeable future. At least that's what we believe. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Great that's very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: And we'll move next to Jason Maynard with Credit Suisse. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good afternoon. My question is really around the strategy with vertical applications. Database middleware growth obviously accelerated year-over-year. So, I am wondering, to what extent you could either quantitatively or qualitatively talk about how that APSS strategy is actually helping drive database in no more growth? 
Larry Ellison: Well again, we'll begin a number of deals in the coming quarters, where really the driver of the transaction was a vertical application. Maybe in telecommunications, it was the billing and provisioning system. In utilities, it also might have been the bill-in system.In banking, it could have been internet banking and risk management. But when they make a decision for one of our vertical APSS, it greatly enhances our opportunity to sell other things that help -- ERP, CRM, middleware and database. So, we get a high level relationship with the customer. They really commit the core of their business to our software. Again it allows us to -- it allows a lot of other software to be dragged along with it. So, we think that’s going to enhance our growth in the years to come and that’s why we are going to expand the number of vertical industries where we have industry-specific applications, then we are going to do that with the acquisition. Again, in contrast, SAP strategy which is trying to build them all themselves. 
Charles Phillips: We were talking about this last night with our GM of the communications business, (inaudible) and he's measured this, 80% of his deals include other Oracle products, typically CRM, database and middleware and sometimes BI. So, that’s becoming the standard as we get better at become a joint selling across the entire the product line, it does drag along a lot of other products. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: Give maybe the follow-up Charles, and do you have any idea what percentage of these customers are -- either new divisions or just new to Oracle applications, and maybe they have the database, but how many these customers ever bought Oracle APSS before? 
Charles Phillips: They may have something on financials in some case, but that’s about it. And somebody large Telcos and what this does is a whole of other suite of application that we couldn’t tell we before, we couldn’t talk to the buyer of these application to a different buyer and now we are just meeting new people, and of course it drags along everything else. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks you very much. 
Larry Ellison: I think the biggest example of this question might be in the past as the relationship we established with Wal-Mart, again we had a corporate relationship with Wal-Mart for number years. It wasn’t buying very much from us, and really it was our retail vertical that got us into Wal-Mart and then subsequently we may be able to sell other technology and other applications. 
Charles Phillips: I didn’t mention it but we did yet another day with Wal-Mart this past quarter. 
Operator: And our next question comes form Adam Holt with J.P. Morgan. 
Adam Holt - J.P. Morgan: Good afternoon and congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to ask you couple of I guess one, sort of two-part follow up question on the margin expansion store going forward. As we think about fiscal '08 unfolding, should we expect the majority of the margin expansion year-on-year to happen sort of in the back half of the year, and may be thinking more medium term, you talked about as 50% operating margin target. Is that still the right kind of medium term goal or has the acquisition strategy changed that? 
Larry Ellison: Well, let me grab the second half of the question and let Safra talk about the seasonality of the margin expansion. The 50% margin growth target which I mentioned again, a long time ago we set the target of 40% which we met, and we thought we were on our way to 50%, but the fact is we decided not to go for -- with a slowdown our margin expansion and accelerate the expansion of our top line, total revenue. So had we stayed -- had we not made all these acquisitions, we think we could have expanded our margins even faster, but instead we decided to expand our overall profitability, total value profitability and that meant we had to expand the top line.  So, as we've acquired these other companies, our margins are now improving more slowly than they otherwise would have. So, I think as long we are on a track to acquire at this approximately this rate, our margins, we think they will grow, that we've forecasted they are going to grow this year. But I think 50% is not in near term target. 
Safra Catz: Okay. So, it remains our target overall and it's just we are also obviously a much bigger company and we have some headwinds as Larry mentioned either from the acquisitions when they are not at scale or when we haven't fully closed from like Hyperion where we haven't done the legal entity mergers in parts of Europe because of legal restrictions. So we don't have the cost savings that we would otherwise have this quickly. The margin expansion usually does occur at the later half of the year, only because Q1, even though it has most of the expenses, because the sales force is in place and the R&D budget is all being spent. But in general the revenues are obviously smallest in Q1, so you see, usually a bigger path in Q4 and at the second half the year. Though this year, I’m a rather optimistic on when we should be showing you margin expansion and I would expect that, again it's very dependent on if we were to do any acquisitions or not in the next year that we would see it earlier than we did this year. 
Charles Phillips: Okay, let me emphasize our target is still at 50% margins. However, it's going to happen more slowly than I originally envisioned, because we are growing the top line at a much higher rate, than we had really planned when we talked. We talked about that so we are more focused on delivering that 20% per year earnings growth. 
Adam Holt - J.P. Morgan: Terrific, thank you. 
Charles Phillips: Yeah. 
Operator: And we’ll go to Tim Klasell with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah. Sort of a follow up to the last comment, you are ahead of your 20% bottom line growth. Does that change the way you are looking at acquisitions. Over the last set of acquisitions, you have always been sort of very focused on accretion. Does this give you a little bit of breathing room to maybe do something that’s sort of a longer term strategic move and if you guys aren’t thinking about anything like that? 
Charles Phillips: Yeah. We love accretion. 
Safra Catz: Yeah. We are very, it’s just because we are way ahead, it doesn’t mean we are going to take a nap here. So, the plan is that 20% is not really an average for us. It’s not the way we look at it. So our overall goal is that, is the 20% in the annual rate, and the fact that we are ahead is not necessarily, is not an excuse for not hitting it next year. 
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, very good, thank you. 
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Goldmacher with Cowen & Company. 
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company: Hi, thanks, Safra a question for you on the M&A you are doing, can you walk us through the typical first 18 months of a deal and the major milestones you guys pass through as you do an acquisition. So where do the big costs savings come through, how you guys have realized that over a year and half after the deal gets done? 
Safra Catz: Sure, well, there are two things going on, there is not only cost savings that revenue increases and it really doesn't usually even take 18 months, right at the beginning obviously we are running completely in duplicate meaning we've got a lot of duplicate G&A and we've got just duplicate processes and though we change our business practices literally overnight the entities aren't merged. And, so it can take a little while depending on the region for some expenses to be reduced.  The other thing is though as one of the things you need to know is -- it's also very dependent on the acquisition, because in many cases R&D spending and sales and marketing spending we actually increase it beyond where the company was, because of the fact that we are so focused on really getting leverage -- getting leverage around the world. Many of these companies do not have large sales channels outside the United States, and so there is a period where we are actually increasing the spending on things like more sales channels more sales men around the world. The other thing is, I want to remind you that our revenue recognition polices and I think this is true just at least for the 30 deals I have seen is more conservative than any other company around and clearly any of the ones that we've acquired and as a result some of these acquisitions don't actually show up with revenue for us that we count as revenue and then we show you for a little while. So though we have the expenses, sometimes the revenue can be delayed by as much as a year.  With something like Hyperion, we obviously don't expect that, but with the smaller ones we do see that. So, I think that it's really in full contribution mode depending on the deal, anywhere from three months to 15 months is sort of a range. With the bulk of them contributing, versus being a headwind to margins within about eight or nine months. 
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll move next to Kirk Materne with Banc of America. 
Kirk Materne - Banc of America: Yes thanks very much. Recognizing you all had a tough compare in the APSS business in the US. I was actually just curious what went on in Europe this quarter because that had a difficult compare as well and it still put up very strong growth numbers. Can you just give us some color and whether that was some of the historical ERP products or you start to see some of the vertical strategy take off in that region as well? Thanks. 
Charles Phillips: There is a delay usually on the verticals, it's just because whoever we buy, they normally don't have coverage outside of the U.S. on these slow verticals. And so that's one of many things we add to these company's volumes, buying this distribution obviously we want to change its integration and so all that takes a little time. And, so, you are right a lot of that has now starting to kick in, in Europe as we've put distribution and this is not the easiest distribution to bill because we have an specialist model, we want people who are specialized in each of these industries. So you have to find the right people but once we've done that, it starts to kick in. And then overall I think that we just have better execution in Europe than we've had in a couple of quarters I think they just did a great job in the quarter. 
Kirk Materne - Banc of America: Okay, thanks very much. 
Operator: And Peter Kuper of Morgan Stanley, your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks very much. This last quarter guys, we heard about a number of deals and SAP shops, a number of them that are still SAP but that are buying more Oracle solutions et cetera, so, kind of a surround SAP strategy. Give me a little color on how that is working, and do you expect this to be a continued policy that are going to get more and more dollars out of existing SAP accounts? 
Charles Phillips: Yeah, it's working beautifully. It's still evolving, I would say. I would say early on when we started buying companies that allow these SAP customers we are using, there was a little nervousness. Will you support it? Are you going to make it integrate with SAP? Well, I think as time is going on, our performance speaks for itself and it's logical. I tell them look it's in our interest to make it integrate well with SAP. We want to coexist and we want to be here and that's not realistic for you to rip SAP out. If you spent billion dollars putting it in, our customers don't spend that much, but there are few.  So, that's why this AIA announcement is so important because that validates. Okay, they are trying to do something formal around integration. We are taking this seriously not only with our own products, but with third-party products including SAP. So, not only do we say we don’t really mind integrating the SAP, we are going to do it well and be good at it. And so once they hear that pitch and they have seen what we've done, they have gotten a lot more comfortable with it. So I would say that the transition to today, a lot of them are just comfortable, okay, instead of having SAP and 30 other little products surrounding it, I have a two-vendor strategy, SAP and Oracle. Oracle will take care of everything else. We are taking care of the interesting stuff. 
Larry Ellison: And let me just second to what Charles said. Maybe if that all we had was HR events, it was SAP and PeopleSoft, the customer might have considered well, let's see that. I believe it's going to go all SAP and replace Oracle HR or MES. But now a typical customer might have G-Log, Demantra, Siebel and people would then call PeopleSoft and Hyperion for connecting, and it’s very clear we are not going to replace all of those products, it's just not feasible. So the customer exactly to what Charles said are going to a two supplier strategy, and maybe SAP for internationals and supply chain, Oracle for everything else and relying on Oracle, not SAP to make all the pieces work together.  And that's absolutely key to us, and the key to our middleware technology. Our retail technology or integration technology, out of our Fusion Middleware to tie all of these pieces together. And we are seeing them choose our middleware for integration. Again to link, as opposed to NetViewer they are picking our middleware to link all these pieces together. And we've got a very good relationship with these customers and we are not able to sell applications, new applications and the customers that historically has been on the SAP side of the ledger, it wouldn't talk to us about new applications, but they are now coming to us and since we are party as a dual vendor strategy, they are buying new applications from us as well. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: And on that integration theme, is that -- Charles, you mentioned to me on-demand CRM and the integration of ERP et cetera, but also kind of dedicated hardware, is that kind of a big driver success, that you are seeing out of the pieces here? 
Charles Phillips: It certainly is becoming more important, particularly in Europe, and in financial services, because there are certain laws that speak to data privacy and where the data can reside, how it can be commingled and they are very nervous about that. So we can give them options. You can have it on-site at your place. You want to do it at partners. You want to do it out of country. There is a lot of different options that we can offer people, and sales force only has one single option and that's commingling all the database in the US. 
Larry Ellison: Yes, multi-tenant is really a disadvantage, if the customer is very sensitive about data privacy issues. And multi-tenant is a convenience for the supplier software service, but not terribly desirable for a bank, especially the international bank. And our dedicated database, either on premise or a outside of the US proved to be very attractive options for some of these customers and lot of these could be put effectively against sales force at the high end of the market. 
Charles Phillips: I talked to a bank recently with their board of directors because of the PATRIOT Act in the US and there are nine US banks on the [treat]. They cannot have data residing in a data centre in the US. So they had no choice. So we are basically the only choice if you don't want to decide that. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Got it. Thanks. 
Safra Catz: So operator, we have time just for one more question, please. 
Operator: And our last question will come from John DiFucci with Bear Stearns. 
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Thank you. Safra mentioned, I think in the press release said the strategy is working and that's apparent from the results here. But I have a question on the environment. Are you detecting any pickup in spending even if it's on a regional basis? I mean we are hearing some things out of Europe from different other vendors. And secondly, I know you are not going to tell this is forever, but can you tell us what you are assuming for the Hyperion license contribution in the first quarter? 
Safra Catz: I don't know if you guys wanted me to take. We don't actually break it up for Hyperion because we just don't do our forecast that way. The way these things finally fall out, we've taken a very conservative view for what we would expect from Hyperion anyway, simply because we do not have the experience with the team at this point and so we are not quite sure of the environment. So we have not assumed very much for Hyperion, frankly in this forecast. So we have got bunch of different ways that we get to our forecast and it's not always broken up exactly this way. So that's not a number I'm going to start giving up guidance by product line. AS far as the, I don't know if you guys wanted to take the economy question. 
Charles Phillips: Yes. Well, I would just say, and certainly our pipelines to just that things are good for us, but our pipelines have been smaller for quiet a while now and our competitors have gone up and down. So it's hard for us to extract latency, everybody is going to do well, but we certainly feel like we have good prospects going forward. 
Safra Catz: Yes, we are not detecting any macro issue for us at all. 
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you 
Operator: Great. So, thank you everyone for participating in today's call. We will have -- 
Krista Bessinger: I need to do… I am sorry, go ahead. 
Safra Catz: I am sorry, operator, go ahead. 
Krista Bessinger: That concludes our question and answer session. I will turn it back to you. 
Safra Catz: Great. Thanks. So, a telephone replay is going to be available for 24 hours, and that replay number is 719-457-0820 with pass code 4727086. You can also access the webcast replay on the Oracle Investor Relations website and that replay will be available to the close of market on July 3rd. So thank you, and with that I will turn it back to the operator to close. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-03-20 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Krista Bessinger - Vice President, Investor Relations   Safra A. Catz - Co-President, Chief Financial Officer   Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer   Charles E. Phillips - Co-President 
Analysts: Heather Bellini - UBS   Brent Thill - Citigroup   Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse   Kirk Materne - Banc of America   Adam Holt - JP Morgan   John DiFucci - Bear Stearns   Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch   Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today’s Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce the Vice President of Investor Relations for Oracle, Ms. Krista Bessinger. Please go ahead, Madam. 
Krista Bessinger: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings conference call. With me on this call are Oracle Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; Oracle President, Charles Phillips; and Oracle President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz.  As usual, our prepared remarks will be followed by Q&A. Before we begin, however, I would like to remind you that today’s discussion may include predictions, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking estimates represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation.  Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Throughout today’s discussion, we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a more complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle investor relations website at www.oracle.com/investor.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Safra Catz for her opening comments. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Krista. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I am going to first focus on our non-GAAP results for the quarter and then review guidance for Q4. Then I will turn the call over to Larry and Charles.  As you can see, Oracle had a very strong quarter with outstanding performance across all product lines, all geographies. We had aggressive guidance going into the quarter and we exceeded on every metric.  New software license revenue was very strong, with revenue of $1.4 billion, up 27% year over year and exceeding our guidance range of 16% to 22%.  This is our fastest growing third quarter in more than five years with obvious market share gains across all product segments. The quarter was very broad-based in terms of deal size and was not dependent on any unusually large deals.  I know there are rumors of mega-deals in the quarter, a couple at over $100 million, and those rumors are simply not true. Even if you added up the top five deals in the quarter, you do not get to $100 million in new license revenue. You add the top 20, you do not get to $200 million.  Technology license revenues were outstanding across all geographies, up 17% year over year. We grew technology license revenue 15% in the Americas, 15% in EMEA, and 26% in APAC.  Applications were exceptionally strong as well, with license revenue of $423 million, up 57% year over year. Excluding i-flex, Portal, Metasoft, SPL and some other smaller acquisitions, our application new license number was $389 million, up 44%. Even though we have now owned Siebel for over a year, we got it mid-quarter last year so if you exclude Siebel entirely from both last year and this year, new license revenues were up 32%, still four times the reported growth rate of SAP.  Our applications license revenue was strong around the world and we grew application license revenue 69% year over year in the Americas, 29% in EMEA, 89% in APAC.  Turning to products updates and support, our revenue was up 21% on a non-GAAP basis to $2.1 billion and to grow at 21%, we actually had the highest renewal rate in our history.  Regarding margins, Oracle continues to grow market share and profitability simultaneously. Non-GAAP net income from operations actually grew 27% to $1.8 billion, resulting in operating margins of 39%, up modestly from a year ago despite over a half-point reduction from the consolidation of i-flex. Margins have now started to improve as we get to scale on some of the newer acquisitions and we expect margins to benefit from this scale over the next few quarters.  Last, we grew EPS by 31% to $0.25 on a non-GAAP basis, coming in $0.03 above our guidance and well above our stated goal of 20% average EPS growth. We have now completed 11 quarters of our five-year non-GAAP EPS growth plan of 20% per year and we are delivering earnings growth comfortably ahead of that target.  The tax rate this quarter was positively affected by the R&D tax credit, which was both retroactive and had a new calculation basis, as well as the change in the mix of profits between lower and higher tax jurisdictions, impacted mainly by the strength of the Euro.  In Q3, we bought back approximately 58 million shares at an average price of $17.34, spending about $1 billion.  Operating cash flow for the trailing 12 months increased $1.1 billion to $5 billion, while free cash flow increased 29%.  Now I am going to, if I can hold up, turn briefly to guidance and go from there. Because the Hyperion acquisition has not closed yet, today’s guidance for Q4 does not include Hyperion. In any event, given that we do not expect the acquisition to close before late April, we do not expect Hyperion will have much impact on the fourth quarter results and we will not be revising our guidance after the close until the Q4 announcement in June.  As you might expect, we feel very good about our prospects into our seasonally strongest quarter, and we feel good about our momentum and our competitive position and our ability to execute in the field with no distractions. That said, as you all know, last year Q4 2006 was a blockbuster quarter and we are up against some tough comparisons. Last year, new software license revenues were up a record 32% in Q4, with total revenues up 22%.  Our guidance is as follows: new software license revenues are expected to be up 5% to 15% year over year; total revenues expected to be up 10% to 14% year over year on a non-GAAP basis; on a GAAP basis, 11% to 15%; non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.34 as compared to $0.29 last year; GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter is expected to be $0.30, up from $0.24 last year.  Now, this guidance assumes that the annual effective income tax rate is 28.2%, down from 30.8% in Q4 last year. If current exchange rates hold steady for the entire quarter, that will result in 2 points of positive currency impact in Q4. As you know, currencies are likely to fluctuate and as a result, the currency impact in the quarter could be different than our guidance assumes.  Our Q4 GAAP guidance currently assumes stock option comp expense of approximately $50 million and we still continue to expect stock compensation to reduce diluted earnings per share in all of fiscal 2007 by $0.02 to $0.03, as we said in previous quarters.  With that, I will turn the call over to Larry for his comments. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Let me start by saying -- I have some prepared remarks, but let me say I am very, very proud of this management team from top to bottom. The company has never been in as good a shape. We have never had a stronger suite of products. We have never had a better management team. We have never executed so well and I am very proud to be a part of that team.  Oracle's middleware new license business grew 82% in the third quarter. That is in stark contrast with BEA, which grew 8% in their most recent quarter, so we are growing ten times, more than ten times faster than BEA.  Over the trailing 12 months, Oracle's middleware business grew on average over 60%. Again, that is in contrast with BEA’s last year where they grew 12%, so that is five times over the last year, we are growing five times faster than BEA.  Oracle's middleware business is now larger than BEA’s middleware business, or larger than BEA. It took us a long time, over five years, to catch and pass BEA, but we did it. We did it with a combination of innovation and acquisitions and years and years of determination and endurance and again, I am very proud of what the middleware team has achieved, both in development and marketing and in sales.  We are in the early days of our Linux support business but we are off to a very solid start. Our support service, our Linux support service is up and running well. Dell, HP, and CDW are on board to resell Oracle enterprise Linux. We have already signed a number of support contracts, some for over $0.5 million. Oracle has displaced Red Hat at Yahoo! and numerous other customer sites as their Linux support supplier. That is extremely important and this is just the beginning.  We are not going to build the Linux business overnight but we will build it. We have the largest and best support organization in the world and we are determined to offer our Linux customers the best support for Linux in the world.  In the applications business, we are in the middle of a battle for market share with SAP. We like our strategy. SAP may be the world’s number one ERP company but ERP is a slow-growing, relatively mature business. SAP’s growth strategy is to expand into ERP for smaller, mid-sized companies with their new A1F product. I think that is SAP’s fourth product line. They have the product line that they bought for very, very small companies when they acquired [inaudible] company. They have R3, they have mySAP, and now they have A1F, so SAP’s strategy seems to be to have lots and lots of different ERP systems.  Our strategy, by the way, in contrast is with Fusion to have one ERP system, one suite that will be available on demand, that will be available for small and mid-sized companies all the way to the largest company, so a very different strategy.  But today, before Fusion, Oracle is a strong number two in ERP but very importantly, we are number one and increasing our market share in the fast-growing CRM market. CRM is extremely important because it is not a mature marketplace. It is growing much faster than ERP and we are gaining share.  In addition, we are expanding into industry-specific software markets. Our strategy is to sell industry-specific software to the same large and larger mid-sized companies, down to probably $100 million, that we are currently selling ERP and CRM to. We want to call on the same customers we are already calling on. It is very expensive to suddenly go in and call on very small companies.  In fact, very small companies, like Microsoft sells, is often done through a channel. While we have channels that go after the small-end of the mid-sized business and we have a product line in JD Edwards aimed at that, really our strategy for growth is to have these industry-specific software suites and sell them to the same customers. I think there is a very big distinction between what we are doing and what SAP is doing. We want to call on the same customers and sell them more value. We want to move up the value chain, go beyond ERP. ERP foundation, CRM on top of that, and the industry-specific software suite on top of that. We think that is very important we target specific industries.  Our strategy is already showing results. Our margins, as Safra mentioned earlier, are going up, not down. SAP has said that their expansion strategy requires sacrifice in margins. Well, we do not believe in sacrificing margins for growth. We think we can grow margins and grow the top line and grow share simultaneously, if we have the right strategy.  Our banking and retail software businesses both had very strong, very, very strong Q3s. I mentioned retail on the last conference call that we are expecting a very strong second-half from retail and boy did they deliver. It is absolutely spectacular.  We expect good things to come from our newer business, vertical business unit, the telecoms business unit and the utilities business unit, and the pipelines there are extremely strong. So we are very excited about these industry-specific software spaces.  We believe in competing not just in ERP but in CRM and industry-specific software. Given that strategy, we think we have a good chance to catch and pass SAP in the overall applications business.  We closed the gap and gained applications market share again this quarter. Oracle's application new license business grew 57% in Q3. SAP grew only 7% in their most recent quarter. 57% growth for Oracle, 7% growth for SAP.  Oracle grew its application new license business on average 61% over the last four quarters. SAP averaged only 10% growth over its last four quarters. So in the trailing 12 months, we are growing six times faster than SAP. SAP is still larger than Oracle in the applications business but we are gaining on them consistently and rapidly.  I will turn it over to Charles. 
Charles E. Phillips: Thanks, Larry. We had an outstanding performance from our field organization around the world. Everybody did a great job, so just a couple of comments by product line.  In core database, the momentum there has partly been fueled by customers taking multiple options around the database, so an increasingly common deployment configuration around the database is with the trifecta of RAC, automatic storage management, and enterprise manager. RAC is the clustering of less expensive machines into grids, ASM for managing and positioning storage, EM to manage the entire environment.  We continue to expand our lead in core database performance as well. We set three new world record benchmarks in the quarter. We ranged from 41% to 206% faster than the competition on these benchmarks.  We also launched a new version of Enterprise Manager in the quarter, and that is a new star performer. It was up 46% in the quarter.  So as our product footprint grows within these accounts, these customers look to us as the logical provider of their management infrastructure on the presumption that we can provide a level of management for our own products that no third party can do, and that is true.  So two major enhancements with that release, we can manage more than Oracle now. We now manage other application servers and databases, networks and storage devices, and we can also proactively manage the entire Oracle stack, which means we can get in and make configuration changes based on the information collected.  Key customers in that area: Chicago Board Options Exchange, Korea Telecom, State of Tennessee in the quarter.  In middleware, we had a new release as well, 10g R3, over a thousand new features. That brings us up to 275 patents and we have won over 191 independent awards in the past 18 months for our middleware products. Our customers are soaking up these new features pretty quickly. Nearly 85% of our middleware customers own the latest two releases.  All of our application products have been certified with our middleware. I mentioned to you a couple of years ago that a key requirement that we had was to get ISVs on board and that would help us accelerate our growth. We have done that. We now have over 5,000 ISVs. We have critical mass. We added 48 new ones just in the last quarter. We now have 250 of the top 500 global ISVs certified on our middleware.  Key customers in the middleware this quarter: GE Plastics, replaced webMethods for deployment; content management, Air Canada and Reuters.  Business intelligence more than tripled in the quarter. We now have more products and more sales reps in our specialized sales force. We shipped a new release as well. We also were added to the Magic Quadrant from Gartner in business intelligence.  Finally, in the applications area, we have five new releases of our ERP applications announced on one day, so we are continuing to follow through on our applications unlimited commitment with new releases and new innovation.  In the industry areas, as Larry mentioned, retail had a blowout quarter, up over 90% in the quarter. Key wins, such as Abercrombie and Fitch, Michael’s, Home Depot Supply Chain. But we also did very well in communications. In fact, we have two telcos in Europe who are going end-to-end Oracle, which means billing, provisioning with Metasoft, Siebel customer care, PeopleSoft financials, field service and HR middleware and the Oracle database. We are the only company that could offer a telco in a box. We are going to replicate this in more industries.  So Q3 wins related to applications: Cisco, they purchased applications middleware database and many other areas of management tools over a multi-year period; Citrix Systems purchased CRM and our BI suite; Cummings purchased 42 modules across the entire ERP suite, a large win against SAP in the automotive sector, one of their key verticals; Subaru of America bought G-Log for purchase planning and freight settlement; Demantra, we won at Mattel Toys; and one fun win in the quarter was a company called [Wiles]. You may not have heard them, but they are based in Germany, a fairly large company in Germany about two blocks from SAP’s headquarters. This is a complete SAP replacement. They have been a customer since the R2 days. They also purchased mySAP ERP 2004 and deployed it in Germany and France. They liked our superior functionality, superior cost of ownership and our architecture and this is a complete replacement, so that was the fun win in the quarter.  With that, I will open it up for questions to Krista. 
Krista Bessinger: That is great. We have a couple of minutes for some questions, so Operator, if you could go ahead and create the queue. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  We will take our first question from Heather Bellini with UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Thank you and congratulations on a very good quarter. Safra, I was wondering if you could help us out with two questions. One, what do you think was behind the strength in new license sales this past quarter? How much of it do you think was related to changes in execution that you put in place post the November results?  The second thing would be many have been nervous about enterprise spending trends, given some of the missteps from some of the big software companies over the past few quarters. Can you give us your view on the macro environment right now? Thank you. 
Safra A. Catz: Sure, and you know, Charles, you should add in on the first -- on either question, actually. The reality is that the anomaly is not this quarter at all. It is really last quarter, and as we told you, we had a blockbuster Q4 in ’06 and Q1 was again fantastic. Q2, I think you basically saw that we felt we had some execution issues out in the field, really focused mostly around North America. Charles and Keith put in place -- basically everyone is focusing back on what they need to be doing and they are really just back on track.  Today is not really the announcement of the anomaly. It was really last quarter when we talked about what went down in Q2. Charles, do you want to comment on that part? 
Charles E. Phillips: Yes, and that is what we felt last quarter, what we said is that our destiny was in our control and the guys focused, did a great job and came through around the world, but North America especially. 
Safra A. Catz: Then, as far as the macro situation, I have to tell you, Heather, we have so much momentum for so many reasons, as we have become so identified with a number of vertical industries. We are really the guy to talk to on a lot of these, and so so far for us, things look very good. They have looked good all quarter. They continue to look good. We are very, very upbeat here.  Obviously the macro economy could change and we could see something different but right now, we feel we have just an enormous amount of momentum even though we are going into a Q4 that is going be very hard to top that last year Q4. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Brent Thill with Citigroup. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks, good afternoon. The middleware business, up 82%, showed a very nice acceleration. Can you just give us a sense of what you are seeing particularly in that business? You mentioned the competitive wins against BEA, but what are the other key drivers? How sustainable do you think some of the trajectories of the growth rates you have been seeing the last couple of quarters are? 
Lawrence J. Ellison: We decided a while ago to compete in the middleware business not by selling a lot of separate components but by selling an integrated suite. That was a very controversial decision when we made it at the time. We, like everybody else, had a lot of different components that make up a middleware suite.  In fact, IBM WebSphere, which is probably the leader in middleware -- you know, I think we are bigger than BEA but we are not bigger than IBM -- they sell lots and lots of separate components. If you look at the list of products that are underneath WebSphere, it is a long, long list of products that get added up and reported as the WebSphere total.  We thought the right strategy was to take all of our middleware components and have a modern integrated suite, all the pieces play together and all of them support industry standards. In terms of a portal, there are industry standards in the portal. BEA went out and bought Plumtree, which was a leading portal supplier but that product did not conform to industry standards. It was not a standards-based product.  We decided to focus on two things: all the pieces fit together, an integrated suite, and industry standards and we think that is playing very well. IBM’s long list of stuff, again, it is not really integrated. A lot of it is standards-based but the pieces do not play together.  We have a unique strategy in middleware. It is working very, very well. We think our middleware business will continue to grow very rapidly and at some time, I hope to be reporting we are twice as large as BEA in middleware. I think that is really going to happen. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Great, thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Jason Maynard with Credit Suisse. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: Hi, guys, and congratulations on the quarter. I have two questions for you. First, for Safra or Charles, on the Q4 guidance, since you did have that great showing last year, how would you describe your pipeline and close rate assumptions at this point compared to a year ago?  The second question is for Larry regarding vertical market apps. Given the success that you have had so far in retail and banking, does this entice you to go into other market segments outside of some of the areas that you have already identified? 
Safra A. Catz: I will answer your first question, but obviously Charles can add in. Obviously pipelines are very big. We had a huge Q4 last year but obviously the pipelines this year are bigger, significantly bigger. We have assumed modestly lower close rates than we had last year, just always trying to be cautious even though the truth was last year’s close rates were not outrageously high or anything like that, or one or the other. The reality is pipelines are very, very big.  But pipelines do not tell the whole story and we are going to have to close just an enormous amount of business. North America alone, rounding around about $1 billion of new license sales just in the 50 states and Canada. That is a lot of new license revenue to sell but we are very, very upbeat. We have the pipeline supported and then some and we have used very reasonably conservative close rates. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Your second question, considering that our existing verticals are doing so well, are we tempted to do more? The answer is of course yes, with the explanation that we really tend to buy industry leaders, leading companies. When we bought i-flex, they are the number one company for automating retail, so we like to buy category leaders when we go into this business.  We think if the business -- what we learned from Jack Welch being number one in a market is a huge advantage. It is much easier to make money when you are number one than when you are number two or number three.  We want to get stronger in the industries where we are already strong and if we can enter new industries in the number one position and that opportunity affords itself, we will exploit that opportunity. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Kirk Materne with Banc of America. 
Kirk Materne - Banc of America: Thanks very much and congratulations on the quarter. My question would be for Charles or Larry. Charles, you talked a lot about the vertical apps having a lot to do with some of the success in that area. Could you just try to qualify that in terms of where you are having success? Is it up-selling? Are you getting customers to take on more apps, meaning are the ASPs trending higher in that group? Are you bringing on new customers that were not necessarily comfortable with dealing with some of the smaller vendors you acquired? Anymore color around that would be great. 
Charles E. Phillips: Definitely the deal count is up in all the vertical areas, so as soon as we buy one of these companies, there is always a segment of the market that did not feel comfortable buying them or they could not do the localizations, importing to specific countries or support in certain geographies -- all that we make happen fairly quickly.  Then, we are also delivering some of the integration, so we promise to productize some of the integrations between billing, for instance, and telecommunications to Siebel, and those are shipping now.  So all those things certainly help, but you are right. The size of the deals are creeping up and the drag effect, once we win the industry application on middleware and database and portal, you name it all, we are starting to figure out how to optimize that process. That is why we are getting these telco-in-a-box type of deals, is that we are partnering together all of our sales forces around the areas where we need to for a particular customer and they are feeling like Oracle has pretty much everything they need.  We certainly have a transcending to the next level with a lot of these customers and it is just changing our relationship with them. We know more about them.  The second thing that is happening is we did a better job hiring over the last nine months and we just have more sales capacity. The right heads in the right place, and so with that in place with the right product line and the momentum that we have, people want to do business with a winner.  In contrast to three years ago when they had a lot of questions about our strategy, now they believe in it and are totally consistent with it and they are voting with their dollars. They like it. 
Kirk Materne - Banc of America: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Adam Holt with JP Morgan. 
Adam Holt - JP Morgan: Good afternoon, and I also echo the congratulations. I have two quick questions. The first is on the applications business. You have said historically that given the large maintenance base, database product cycles are less important to license revenue. How would you talk about the number of recent applications releases that you had, either in terms of the impact on the quarter or what you think will be the impact going forward?  My second question is on the operating margin. Safra, do your comments about expansion, does that include the impact of Hyperion? How should we think about timing there? Thanks. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: I will answer the first question, which was the releases, all the different application releases we just had. I think it was important in the sense that when we acquired PeopleSoft, we acquired Siebel, a lot of these customers did not get their application support from Oracle. They got it from PeopleSoft. They got it from Siebel. The commitments that were made were made by PeopleSoft and Siebel.  We made some commitments to these customers. We made commitments to the PeopleSoft customers to continue improving the PeopleSoft line of products and provide them the highest quality of support we were capable of providing, and we came out with a new PeopleSoft release, Release 9, and we have an extremely high renewal rate. The PeopleSoft base is actually higher than PeopleSoft had when they were a standalone company. The new release is going extremely well. The upgrade is very smooth, smoother than the upgrades for prior PeopleSoft releases when PeopleSoft was an independent company.  It is our job, really, as we acquire these customers along with these companies to demonstrate to those customers that the acquisition was a good thing, that the products will be improved at a faster rate, the quality of improvement will be better than before and the quality of support will have also improved, so that these customers are comfortable in dealing with Oracle and these customers are comfortable to continue buying things from Oracle.  In that sense, this is extremely -- these releases, these commitments that we made to improve JD Edwards, and I think it was the first new release for some of these JD Edwards products for a long, long time, and we think that community is very happy with the release. The PeopleSoft community is very happy with the release. The Siebel people and of course the e-business suite people are very happy that even though we are doing Fusion, we talked a lot about Fusion, it does not mean we are not going to continue to improve the existing product lines and keep all of those commitments and all of those promises that we made in the past.  I think that is why we had record level renewal rates that Safra referred to. If you look at our customer satisfaction surveys that we view constantly, they have never been as high as they are right now. That is really an important indicator for us in terms of buying, because most of the selling we do is into existing Oracle customers, so existing customers buying more. If they are not happy, if they do not trust us as a supplier, that is a very difficult road to go down. In fact, they are happy. They do trust us as a supplier. They are very comfortable.  Some of these customers where we acquired the company, they are very comfortable with working with us and they are buying more. As Charles said very colorfully, they are voting with their dollars and it showed in the quarter.  Safra, are you going to talk about the other part of the question? 
Safra A. Catz: What was it? 
Krista Bessinger: Operating margins and how Hyperion might impact them. 
Safra A. Catz: You know, actually, the comment is actually a lot more global than just Hyperion. The reality is that we are not giving guidance including Hyperion right now, but as a general statement we bought a lot of smaller things that are not at scale, and that is one of the reasons that our margins have not been shooting up higher than they are now going, and that is because we have been -- we invest in them for a while before they are at scale and then the revenue comes in and then all the marginal revenue is very, very profitable.  Hyperion, we would also expect to improve margins once we are stabilized and probably much more quickly than some of these smaller things because it is already at scale. But it will to some extent depend on how much additional sales force coverage we want because we think we can be rewarded with increasing revenues and accelerating revenues.  But overall, we would expect Hyperion to improve margins rather quickly. 
Adam Holt - JP Morgan: Terrific. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go next to John DiFucci with Bear Stearns. 
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: A question for Safra on the guidance. Safra, given the license guidance, the midpoint of that, and considering that maintenance is very predictable and then given your total revenue guidance, it implies a lot less growth in what I would characterize as lower-margin services business. Am I thinking about that right? 
Safra A. Catz: Well, you know, remember also that our numbers include quite a bit from i-flex, which is generally lower margins but they are growing rather quickly, and they continue to grow quickly within us and yet we still overcompensate with improving our margin.  Overall, our own consulting business is not growing very fast intentionally because that is not a business that we want to grow fast. We want to grow the license business as quickly as possible. 
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks, and just a quick follow-up for Charles. As Safra said, Charles, across all the geographies and all the product areas, there was meaningful growth. One area though in particular in EMEA, on a constant currency basis, the database grew at about 6%, which is not bad growth but relative to the other regions and other product areas, it did not appear to keep up. Just curious, do you have any commentary on that? Is there anything -- just given that there are other companies in EMEA, just trying to figure out if you are seeing anything on a macro -- any macro issues in EMEA? 
Charles E. Phillips: I can’t say it is a new macro issue. Obviously that is a tougher applications market than it is in the U.S. for us. However, we are optimistic about some of the localizations we are putting in place. The more localizations that you have, the more countries you can sell in and we are expanding pretty rapidly in some of the emerging markets, like Russia and the Middle East, which is growing pretty quickly.  So we do see the opportunity to accelerate the growth there on the applications business as these other emerging markets come on. 
Safra A. Catz: You know, it is basically in line with the database growth, constant currency database growth over the last few years. It has moved around a little bit but it has been around 6% or so, a little higher. It depends oftentimes on the comparison quarter to quarter. 
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much, nice quarter. A couple of questions; one, Safra, for you. Since you have anniversaried the acquisition and the 5% to 15% is more of a true apples-to-apples comp, should we think of that as being roughly your license growth expectation? Not to get you into guidance talk for Q1, but longer term if you didn’t do any acquisitions, is that the kind of license revenue growth expectation that we should be thinking about? I have a follow-up question. 
Safra A. Catz: You know, Kash, it is really too hard to call the future. Things are changing very, very quickly. We built a lot of momentum in a number of sectors. Any particular quarter is really very much related to really the comparison from the year before and our level of conservatism at that time, when we look at the economy overall.  As we go into a number of these vertical markets, they are actually growing significantly faster and as they become a larger and larger percentage of our overall business, it will impact our growth rate.  In any particular quarter, it is probably not a good necessary metric to extrapolate from one point. As I mentioned, Q1 will right away have Hyperion in it, which obviously Q4 really will not be affected by Hyperion significantly. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Also, just looking at the guidance again, you definitely outperformed in a pretty big way for the February quarter, so should we think of your what seems to be a conservative outlook for the May quarter as more of a function of the February quarter having come in at least significantly above people’s expectations? Is that why you are choosing to have a more conservative view of the May quarter? Or is it that you are really starting to look and plan beyond this and start to manage the upcoming Q1 and not get the numbers be too tough from a sequential basis going from the May quarter to the August quarter? 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Let me comment. I think there are two things. One is we have a very tough comparison because we had a blowout -- I mean, any growth rate, as you know, is the comparison between two numbers. What we did in Q4 last year versus what we expect to do in Q4 this year. Last year we had an absolute blowout Q4 so it is a very tough comparison. That is number one.  As Safra said earlier, we are trying to be conservative.  Let me add a third thing, which is in terms of extrapolating this, does that mean that we are going to grow from 5% to 15% indefinitely if we don’t make acquisitions? The answer is I don’t think so because we have, if you analyze our business, we have a couple of slow-growing businesses, a very large database business, whose maintenance base is growing quite nicely and is extremely profitable, and a relatively slow-growing ERP business. Those are our two slower-growing businesses but they are both growing.  We have a very fast-growing middleware business that is getting larger and as it gets larger, it will move the needle more and more. We have a fast-growing CRM business and we have an astonishingly fast-growing suite of businesses in vertical applications.  As the relative weights of those five businesses change -- in other words, middleware gets to be larger and larger compared with database and it is faster growing, that is going to affect our overall growth rates.  I think you have to take all of those things into consideration and Q4 has to be looked at in isolation and not a point you want to extrapolate from. A very tough comparison and we are trying to be a little conservative with our forecast. 
Safra A. Catz: Kash, I think you asked about whether we are trying to manage Q4 to have a good Q1, we don’t have that kind of power. When our customers want to buy, we sell to them. We don’t fool around, so anyone who would like to give us money for our software, we are taking it and open for business. 
Krista Bessinger: I would like to announce we have time -- Kash, unless you have a follow-up, Operator, we have time for just one more question. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: I’m good, thanks. 
Operator: We will take our last question from Israel Hernandez with Lehman Brothers. 
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon. Congratulations to the team. A quick question on the health of the CRM business. Can you talk about -- you alluded to some market share gains regarding CRM. Can you talk about some of the momentum that you are seeing in the marketplace from a pipeline creation perspective? What have you seen from customers, given now that you have owned the business, Siebel, for about four quarters or so? Are you seeing a big increase in pipeline? Thanks. 
Charles E. Phillips: The pipeline is growing globally, even in Europe. We are seeing that increase in the new additions, our CRM on-demand business, which is also growing very strongly in bookings. We will be talking about that I think at an event later this month, but that business has taken off as well. We can present a very unique proposition to a customer. A lot of them want a mixed environment, where maybe some regions or some business units, they want on-demand, other ones they want on premise. We can integrate it on the back-end for them. We are the only ones who can do that.  I think also the Siebel brand name is just magical with anything to do with CRM. People understand that in terms of best practices and leading thinking around customer processes, that was Siebel and we built on that.  I think even in SAP accounts, if they decide for their administrative applications, they tend to go with Siebel for CRM. 
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session today. At this time, Ms. Bessinger, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks. 
Krista Bessinger: Great. Thank you, everyone, for participating in today’s call. A telephone replay will be available for 24 hours, and that replay number is 719-457-0820, with passcode 7473378. You can also access the webcast replay on the Oracle investor relations website and that replay will be available through the close of market on March 27th.  Thank you, and with that, I will turn it back to the operator to close. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2007 Q2  (2006-12-18 19:45:00) =====
Executives: Krista Bessinger - Investor Relations Safra A. Catz - Co-President, Chief Financial Officer, Director Lawrence J. Ellison - Chief Executive Officer, Director Charles E. Phillips - Co-President, Director
Analysts: Heather Bellini - UBS Adam Holt - JP Morgan Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse Brent Thill - Citigroup Kirk Materne - Banc of America Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch John DiFucci - Bear Stearns Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners
Operator: Thank you so much for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today’s Oracle Corporation Q2 earnings conference call. Just a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded.  At this time, I would like to introduce the Vice President of Investor Relations for Oracle, Krista Bessinger. Please go ahead, madam. 
Krista Bessinger: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's second quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings conference call. This is Krista Bessinger, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me on this call are Oracle Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; Oracle President, Charles Phillips; and Oracle President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz. As usual, our prepared remarks will be followed by Q&A. Before we begin, however, I would like to remind you that today’s discussion may include predictions, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Throughout today’s discussion, we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a more complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock.  A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle investor relations website at www.oracle.com/investor.  Thank you, and with that, I will turn the call over to Safra Catz for her opening comments. 
Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Krista. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I am going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q2, because that is how you all cover us, and then I will review guidance for Q3 and turn the call over to Larry and Charles.  First, the top line. Total revenue growth came in at the high-end of our guidance, at $4.216 billion, up 24%. Total software revenue came in at the mid-point of guidance, at $3.267 billion, up 20%. New software license revenue came in at $1.2 billion, up about 14% year over year. We had expected to be at the high-end of our 15% to 20% new license range based on our strong pipeline. However, we ended the quarter a point below that range. Earnings came in right at the guidance number of $0.22.  As we have looked at the new license results, we believe it basically came down to execution on a number of deals that did not close in the quarter. These were not competitive losses either in technology or in apps, and these deals should close in Q3.  Our performance varied by geography significantly, with EMEA and LAD, Latin America, turning in strong performances, while North America and Asia-Pac came in lighter against tough comparisons.  We think that additional focus and better pipeline management should result in higher conversion rates and much better execution in the third quarter. Focus to us means reducing the time spent on internal meetings and non-core sales activities, leaving the field more time to work with customers and close deals.  Both North America and Asia-Pac have turned in steady results for the last three years and we expect both regions to return to solid performance in the second-half of the year.  Now let me take you through the numbers.  First, technology license revenues were up 9% year over year, with significant variation by geography. We grew 2% in the Americas, following 19% year over year in our Q1. In EMEA, we were up 21%, up from 12% year over year in Q1 and 5% up in APAC following 12% year over year in Q1.  Applications were $340 million, up 28% year over year. Apps license revenues grew 19% in the Americas, 35% in EMEA, and 58% in APAC. Application license revenue growth, excluding i-flex, Seibel, and Portal, was 268, up 1% year over year. Seibel contributed $59 million of license and i-flex contributed about $10 million.  Product update and support revenues was up 24% in Q2 on a non-GAAP basis at over $2 billion. The renewal rates of this very large recurring revenue stream remain extremely high, above 95%, as our customers continue to renew their contracts and as customers come back to Oracle after not renewing in previous years under a different ownership. Q2 license renewals revenue exceeded our internal forecast.  Q2 income from operations grew 20% to $1.6 billion, resulting in operating margins of 39%, down one point from the year-ago quarter because last year, and at the time I discussed and described it to you, there was a litigation expense accrual reversal in Q2, so net net, it is basically the same. We expect margins to improve for the year and that improvement will show up next quarter and in Q4.  We also grew EPS by 18% to $0.22 on a non-GAAP basis and we are now halfway through our five-year plan targeting EPS growth of 20% per year. For the first 2.5 years, we are comfortably ahead of that target.  In Q2, we bought back 54.5 million shares at an average price of $18.05, spending approximately $1 billion. We intend to continue buying back approximately $1 billion per quarter through the remainder of the fiscal year.  Operating cash flows for the trailing 12 months increased $1.1 billion to $4.6 billion, while free cash flow increased 32% year over year.  Okay, now to the guidance for Q3. New software license revenue is expected to be up 16% to 22% year over year, and pipelines are actually up very significantly, actually 35% sequentially, so we are optimistic we should do quite well.  Total revenue for Q3 is expected to be up 22% to 24% year over year on a non-GAAP basis. Total revenue on a GAAP basis is expected to be up 23% to 25%.  Non-GAAP net income growth for Q3 is expected to be 15% to 19%, with GAAP net income growth of 24% to 29%.  Non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter is expected to be $0.22 as compared to $0.19 last year. GAAP EPS for the third quarter is expected to be between $0.18 and $0.19, up from $0.14 last year.  This guidance assumes the annual effective income tax rate of 29.5%, up from 29% in Q3 last year.  If current exchange rates hold steady for the entire quarter, that will result in four to five points of positive currency impact in Q3, but as you know, currencies are likely to fluctuate and as a result, the currency impact in Q3 could be different than our guidance assumes.  Our Q3 GAAP guidance currently assumes stock comp expense of approximately $50 million, and we continue to expect stock comp to reduce diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2007 by $0.02 to $0.03.  With that, I will turn the call over to Larry for his comments. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay, thanks, Safra. We expect our new products to play an increasing role in our revenue growth going forward. We have a dual strategy for growth made up of innovation and acquisitions, and I am going to highlight one product from each area.  We have made a number of acquisitions in application vertical markets, and the first of those markets we entered via acquisition was retail. We have been playing and we were probably approximately even in North America with SAP when we entered that market. Our retail business has gotten stronger and stronger every quarter as we have completed operational integration between the retail sales organization and our own larger field sales organization. Retail this past quarter grew very, very rapidly but that is off a relatively small base.  Going forward, we think the retail business is going to be large enough in the second-half to actually move the needle, so we are very excited about the strong growth in our retail business, as evidenced I think with the pipeline. Safra mentioned that growing pipelines, sequential pipelines Q2 going to Q3, a portion of that are these new vertical businesses, especially the most mature of those, retail. Again, retail looks very, very strong going forward.  We had one very, very large deal that we were not able to recognize with Wal-Mart that we will be recognizing over the next three quarters. That deal is in excess of $10 million will be coming in over the next three quarters. But we are actually in a situation now where 8 out of 10 of the largest retailers in North America now use Oracle retail applications, where only one uses SAP, and that one is now also using Oracle retail software.  In what was a dead heat in the retail business when we adopted our acquisition strategy is now looking like a very strong win in North America. By the way Europe, where SAP of course is historically strong, we are doing almost as well in retail, except I would say with the conspicuous exception of Germany, where SAP is still dominant. But the rest of the continent, you will see Oracle retail software in first place. We are very excited about that.  We think the other acquisitions in telecommunications, in banking are also going to grow, as we work, as we integrate those operational and sales activities better with our very large field organization, getting them coverage and allowing them to close larger deals than they were able to do as independent companies, also true in utilities, our most recent acquisition.  We are surprised at how excited people are. Here we are coming from behind. Here SAP had a very clear and strong lead, and our acquisition of SPL has really put us back into the running in the retail business and we think we are going to be very competitive.  In summary, we are very happy with our vertical applications. The acquisition strategy, we think it is really beginning to produce and will move the needle in the second-half.  The other part of our dual strategy for growth includes product innovation. The most interesting new product I think that we have built in a few years is our secure enterprise search product. We think the paradigm for doing business, how people do their daily jobs is changing and is moving to a search paradigm.  If you look at our fusion applications, secure enterprise search is actually built into our fusion applications. This is a database technology that allows a user basically to issue a single word command, a single search and look through not only publicly available files like local websites or global websites, but also search e-mails, secure storage systems, file servers, even applications databases, being able to look at accounts payable and accounts receivable information, presentations that were done with PowerPoint, reviewing their calendar. If I was going to type in GE, General Electric, our largest commercial customer, I would find all of the entries regarding GE that I am allowed to see. I would not be able to look into other people’s e-mail systems, but I would be able to look into my e-mail system. I would be able to look into invoices, into service requests, into presentations we gave GE, every meeting I had with GE over the time period that I specified in my search.  We think this is a very important new area. We think there is a significant revenue contribution for secure enterprise search. We are coming with 13 new connectors with secure enterprise search to new data sources, so again, we can search just about everything. All of your data, not just what is publicly available but also what is secure and private. We think that is a very big deal. It is not only going to be a revenue contributor but a significant differentiator for us in technology going forward.  You may have noticed that IBM and Yahoo! had an announcement in the search area, but again, we think we do the security job much better than they do. Again, theirs is called enterprise search. Ours is called secure enterprise search for a reason. We are very pleased about the innovation in that area, how that differentiates us and again how it allows us to expand our database and technology sales.  I am going to turn it over to Charles who will go into, you know, much more detail about specific deals and what is going on in the field. 
Charles E. Phillips: Thanks, Larry. I just want to mention some of our large wins in the quarter, some of the key customers, who we are competing against and why we are winning, and then comment on some of the second-half product flow that would help our results in the second-half.  So let’s start with database, some of the key wins there. Some of the big wins were First Data Corporation. That was actually as Centech, but it was mostly technology. Wachovia Corporation is standardizing their entire infrastructure on the Oracle database. We won the largest bank in Spain, who is using our database for content management to reduce paper-based operations. In the Punjab National Bank, that is really an expansion, concurrent users going from 13,000 to 20,000, including partitioning.  Other key customers, Banc of America, Fidelity Investments, NTT Comware, all big database wins.  Moving on to middleware, we had some good wins there as well, of course. Korea Telecom, for instance. They bought the communications and mobility server to roll out voice-over IP. That was a win over BEA and IBM. AXA Equitable asset management for their extranet. T-Mobile is using the fusion middleware integration platform to connect other ERP products to a line of business applications, and then Toshiba is using our identity management product, and that is important because it is our first big win for identity management in Japan. HP selected our SOA platform to orchestrate orders across 12 different sales channels, and that was a big win over BEA, despite the fact that HP already owns BEA licenses. We also beat webMethods and SAP in that deal. Xerox, they are using the Oracle SOA footprint in the U.S. and in Europe. That was a win over SAP. Philadelphia Housing Authority, they are using our business process automation suite to model processes across the entire organization.  In our business intelligence area, that area is really on fire for us. If you recall, we bought the Seibel analytics product, and that has become our base platform. In the quarter, U.S. Army Logistics, they have been using SAP, or rolling it out for five years. They will continue to roll it out. They switched to Oracle for readiness reporting, however, as the key BI application for the army.  Fannie Mae, a leader in student loans, as you know, they had previously been using our business objects. They had standardized, replacing them in that account. Life Fitness, another displacement of [Boche], and then Morgan Stanley, a win over Microsoft for sales analytics.  Moving on to the applications area, some key wins in the quarter. At NASA, they are replacing a lot of custom applications. Petroplus, an SAP displacement in the energy area, network of plans. Longtime customer, but buying more to rationalize their IT investment and standardize on Oracle everywhere.  We also had some good wins in some of the newer areas of ERP where we have made acquisitions. For instance, G-Log, which is the transportation management product we bought that is on demand. Toyota motor sales is using that to replace an internal legacy system.  In the quarter, for Demantra, demand planning product we bought, we displaced i2 and Logility at Emerson. We displaced i2 at Cisco and we beat i2 and Logility and what [inaudible] at Electronic Arts. Several other wins for Demantra. That product is hot right now as well.  Moving on to i-flex, we have had a good win at the Central Bank of Africa, and that was an integration between FLEXCUBE and EBS, so taking large parts of the product line. People’s Bank in Connecticut, an important U.S. win as we start to expand into the U.S. with that product.  For portal for communications billing, a big win at SunRocket, an emerging IP player -- complete replacement of their legacy reading and billing system, and then Vodafone and Orange Poland, that was a win against Amdocs. So if we look forward and look at some of the notable CRM on-demand wins, that is an area also we have been doing probably better than people expect. Here are some of the customers that we won this quarter in CRM on-demand against sales force: Banc of America, Visa U.S., U.S. Oncology, HP, EchoStar, ANZ Banking Group.  We also had some CRM on-demand go live, so we are not just winning them. We are taking customers live: Global Pharmaceutical, J&J Pharmaceutical, GE Healthcare, McKesson Specialty, Equifax, and Honeywell.  Just an update on a couple of other announcements you might be interested in. Obviously we made a big announcement at Open World around Unbreakable Linux, our support offering. In the first 30 days, we had 9,000 downloads of Unbreakable Linux from our website and hundreds of customers connecting their servers to our network.  Also, related to that, if you look at our Oracle Technology Network, which is our developer community, this quarter we surpassed 5 million members, 30% growth year over year. Many products growing faster than that.  For the second-half, I wanted to talk about some of the new products that are coming, because I think they are important. On the database side, some of the key releases are Oracle Audit Vault, which we have talked about before, several management packs for key areas of the product line, and of course now we have Stellent and content management. That brings 4,000 customers to cross-sell and up-sell to.  In the area of middleware, Oracle business intelligence applications, we have 10g release 3 shipping, and new products in the form of Oracle Communications and the mobility server, and Oracle Web Center Suite.  We have many applications shipping in the quarter -- so many that we are having an event in New York on January 31st. We are announcing five new releases of our ERP suite across six continents over 24 hours, an ongoing product announcement, and they are the E-Business Suite Version 12, Seibel Version 8, PeopleSoft ACM 9, JD Edwards Enterprise 18.12, and JD Edwards 89.1. There will be local events that follow after that, if you are interested.  We also have a new release of CRM on-demand coming, Oracle retail version 12.1, Oracle Communications Billing version 7, and Oracle Tax Management for the public sector version 2.2. A lot of the integrations we have been talking about, for instance, Seibel to Portal to retail to i-flex, are shipping in the second-half of the year.  Lastly, just commenting on pipeline, our pipeline growth continues to look solid, as Safra mentioned. Getting to the high-end of our guidance only requires a modest conversion rate. We could achieve the high-end of that range with a conversion rate that is lower than what we realized in the last three fiscal years for Q3.  The incremental focus Safra mentioned means less time spent on non-deal activities, which should result in increased productivity per rep. We normally have the bulk of our training, planning, organizing and recruiting activities in the first-half of the year.  With that, let me open up for questions, or turn it over to Safra. 
Safra A. Catz: Great, thank you, Charles. With that, we have time for some questions. We would like to first just limit your questions to one question with a follow-up. Operator, can we have the first question, please? Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go first to Heather Bellini at UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Great, thank you. My question was around database performance in the U.S. If you could just walk us through what happened in the quarter. Also, in your guidance, I know Charles commented on this just a moment ago, but are you expecting an up-tick in closed rates for the February quarter versus what you just did in order to, when you are saying that you could hit the high-end of the range? Thank you. 
Charles E. Phillips: As I mentioned, we have a very conservative assumption on the closed rate. We could be at the low-end of the range on closed rates and still be at the high-end of the range on guidance. That is how big the pipeline is. 
Operator: We will go next now to Adam Holt at JP Morgan. 
Adam Holt - JP Morgan: Good afternoon. Just a follow-up on the database business, as we sort of take a step back and think about the growth drivers there. How should we be thinking about late cycle 10g buying as we get closer to the 11 release? Could you update us on where you think you are, relative to penetration? Maybe talk a little bit about options in the quarter. Thanks. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Again, when someone buys a database, they get the rights for the current version and the next version. We have never seen people waiting to buy the next version of the database. It has never had any impact on selling whatsoever.  In fact, typically they are interested in what is in the next version, and most of our customers -- again, most of our customers are existing customers, so they look and see what is in the next version, but as they require more database capacity, even if 11 was already available, they often will install on 110 for a while. So the availability of 11 and the date of the availability of 11 does not have any impact on sales that we have ever seen historically. 
Safra A. Catz: As for options, et cetera, there is nothing particularly going on in the options number generally. The year-to-date number is not that different from the quarter number. I think what we are going to see in the second-half is that both the database and all the options, as well as middleware, will all pick up in the second-half. We are going to be a little more back-end loaded this year. 
Operator: We will move next now to Jason Maynard at Credit Suisse. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: I would just like to talk a little bit about applications. If we just look out past maybe the next quarter or so, how do you think about the longer term growth rate? Specifically, is this a business that you think can grow in maybe the low double-digits or maybe in the mid-teens, or something like that, on a multi-year basis? Is that growth going to come out of some of the vertical applications? 
Lawrence J. Ellison: I think the vertical applications are much less penetrative than ERP, so again, our strategy for growing our application business rapidly is to move beyond just ERP. We have made a very strong move into CRM, where we have a leadership position in CRM. We think we can extend that leadership position. We think CRM is much less penetrated than ERP and still less penetrated are the specific industry verticals, like retail, merchandising, or pricing. Telecom billing, as the telecom companies move into a variety of new businesses, they have to install new billing systems as they roll out those new services. We see that as a growing business.  Even in areas like government, in the government sector, as they go ahead and modernize their systems, we think some of those specific government verticals are going to grow faster than the ERP portion part of the puzzle, which while not saturated, is fairly mature. 
Operator: We will go next now to Brent Thill at Citigroup.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. You seem particularly confident that the database business will snap back in Q3. have you already seen deals that have closed so far this quarter? Just back to Jason’s questions on applications, how should we think about overall database growth over the next year? Is it a 10% growth market or above that?
Lawrence J. Ellison: We think again the technology market, a combination of database and middleware, yes, it is going to be in the double-digits. Where core database might be in single digits, the combination of the options, secure enterprise search, all the different middleware identity management, our suite, a variety of things, that that technology business we think is definitely going to be growing in double digits, always has. 
Operator: We will go next now to Kirk Materne at Banc of America.
Kirk Materne - Banc of America: Thanks very much. Safra, you noted that you are expecting some margin expansion in the back-half of the year. Is this generally just revenue leverage that you are getting off the top line as that accelerates in the back-half of the year? Are there any cost measures that you are going to see some benefits from as well?
Safra A. Catz: We usually ramp up spending, and our spending is pretty even throughout the year, other than commission expenses. What happens is a lot of the revenue obviously comes in at the second-half. We spent a lot in building sales coverage and we expect that the revenue is going to come and meet that and improve our margins, give us a lot more leverage as the revenue comes in. 
Operator: We will go next now to Kash Rangan at Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. I have two questions. One for you, Larry -- execution versus economy, any thoughts there? How much of it was perhaps execution, how much of it was economy? I am asking the economy question only because I remember just six years back on your November 2000 quarter conference call, you rightly called the turn in IT spending. I think you were one of the first to say that you saw a slowdown. Maybe it is too harsh to say that exactly now, but I am just wondering, given your perspective, what is your take on broader IT spending trends that you have witnessed on the part of customers? How much of it was really economy versus execution?  I guess a question for Charles, if I could. Applications, as Safra pointed out, if you stripped out the Seibel, i-flex portal acquisitions, came in at 1%. How do you think about the business? I think you mentioned growth rate expectations, but should we think about your forecast being contingent upon a couple of very large deals that could help you get back to those double-digit growth rates that you have been able to put up the last couple of quarters? That is it, thanks. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: As far as the economy is concerned, if it is the economy, I am afraid we did not see it that way. That is not our analysis. Our analysis really was on the execution side of things. We think those deals are going to be coming back in Q3 and maybe a few in Q4. Safra mentioned we are going to be a bit back-end loaded this year, like we were last year, by the way. Our business is shaped a little bit different than it has been historically, so we expect those deals to come in.  The pipeline growth has been unprecedented, a little large. I mean, a 35 -- you know, usually double the pipeline growth we normally see between Q2 and Q3. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Why is it, Larry, the pipeline growth seems to be stupendous? What is causing that?
Lawrence J. Ellison: The correct answer is I am not sure, but I think it could be just the reshaping of our business. Some of our verticals, our CRM business might be a little bit -- some of the businesses we have acquired might be a little more second-half of the year, more back-end loaded than our traditional businesses, but the real answer is we do not know yet. We only have one data point here and it is hard to fully understand.  I will let Charles answer the second question. 
Charles E. Phillips: On the applications, I do not think it is tied to one or two big deals or a small number of big deals. We have a lot of things happening that should help us. A lot of the integrations we have been talking about start to show up in the second-half, and that is important to customers, and certainly demos, great, they start to get the idea of having the best-of-breed products for every function, but yet we are responsible for the integration, kind of a virtual suite. That is going to be a strong story in the second-half.  Mid-market is also opening up for us. IBM agreed last quarter to redistribute and sell more of our products on the applications market, having a dedicated sales team, so we are going to have more reach there as well.  Then we do have, I think as Safra mentioned, some growing backlog. A lot of the acquired companies in the industry areas we are recognizing either on implementation or on a ratable basis. As we reach steady state in that business, we can start to recognize more of the backlog as well, and just a lot of new product shipments, the five that I mentioned as well, that we are going to talk about in January.  We have a lot of things happening on the positive side from a product standpoint that should help. 
Operator: We will go next now to John DiFucci at Bear Stearns.
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Just one question for Safra. Safra, maintenance was really strong, or what you call software license updates and product support, which implies that cash flow would be strong. I realize you do not, and I do not and we do not look at cash flow on a quarterly basis, or we do not entirely focus on it. We look more the trailing 12 months, which you do too, but in this quarter, it was less than even last year, about half of what we were looking for. I was just wondering if you could comment on that. 
Safra A. Catz: I don’t know. I have to look at it. You are the first one to point this point out. There is nothing unusual going on with our cash flow, actually, so let me take a peak at what went down here.  I was just talking to my team. A couple of things, one is the things that would affect cash that do not necessarily show up as clearly through here, obviously acquisition and taxes, both of which were impacted. We had a number of very large facility buy-outs, as we bought out both our Seibel real estate portfolio, trying to buy that away, to reduce our liability going forward. We had a number of large tax payments also. There were things of that nature that impacted it. 
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: About how much were those facility buy-outs?
Safra A. Catz: You know what, I would have to go look. It is probably not worth -- you should probably check with Krista. It is probably not worth the 300 people going through that. 
Operator: We will take our last question of the day from Mr. Tim Klasell at Thomas Weisel.
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, first question is your guidance on your conversion rate seems to be very low out there, and if it is not the economy, is it potentially the size of the deals? Are you seeing in your pipeline, as it is growing so quickly, is it the size of the deal in your pipeline?
Safra A. Catz: You know what, actually we discussed it quite in-depth here, and we are just trying to be conservative with it, to be direct with you. The pipelines are extremely high, as we have all commented. They are twice as high from a sequential growth quarter over quarter, so we are going to take a little bit more conservative approach this quarter on them. 
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, good, and then real quickly, if APAC and North America were obviously a little bit weak, and Europe did quite well, what were the procedures or what were you doing different in Europe versus the other two regions that cause the dichotomy there?
Safra A. Catz: You know what, it isn’t really what was different other than a couple of things. Both, for Asia-Pac, I will just give you an example. We are expanding very, very rapidly in a number of countries, including China, where we have opened nearly a dozen more offices. As you are assimilating large groups of folks, you sometimes you are not quite watching carefully the forecast and making sure things are done.  In North America, we hired up a lot of folks and we are just really putting them into productivity levels. The acquisitions brought in a lot of new folks and we hired up in the higher growth areas, so it impacted that. North America has done really astoundingly well for a number of quarters in a row, and we expect it to return right back in the next quarter. 
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to our presenters for any closing or additional comments. 
Krista Bessinger: Great, thank you everyone for participating in today’s call. A telephone replay will be available for 24 hours and that replay number is 719-457-0820, with the passcode 1647712. You can also access the webcast replay on the Oracle investor relations website. That replay will be available through the close of market on December 26th.  Thank you and with that, I would like to turn it back to the operator to close. 
Operator: Again, that will conclude our conference call for the day. We thank you all for joining us and wish you all a great remainder of your day. Goodbye.

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-09-19 21:15:00) =====
Executives: Krista Bessinger - Vice President, Investor Relations Safra Catz - President and Chief Financial Officer  Charles Phillips - President Larry Ellison - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse Heather Bellini - UBS Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, everyone. Thank you very much for holding. Welcome to today’s Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce the Vice President of Investor Relations for Oracle, Krista Bessinger. Please go ahead. 
Krista Bessinger: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s first quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings conference call. This is Krista Bessinger, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me on this call are Oracle Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison; Oracle’s President, Charles Phillips; and Oracle President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz. As usual, our prepared remarks will be followed by Q&A. Due to the complicated logistics today, however, of having Mr. Ellison, Ms. Catz, and Mr. Phillips in three different locations, we are going to need to keep the Q&A portion of today’s call quite limited.  Please note that our next major investor event will be financial analyst day being held next month on October 26 in San Francisco, coincident with Oracle Open World. We look forward to seeing you all there and taking additional questions at that event.  In the meantime, let me cover the Safe Harbor statement.  Today’s discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation.  Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Throughout today’s discussion, we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a more complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results, or the market price of our stock.  A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle investor relations website at www.oracle.com/investor.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Safra Catz for her opening comments. 
Safra Catz : Thanks, Krista. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us.  I am going to focus on our non-GAAP results for Q1, then I will review guidance for Q2 and turn the call over to Larry and Charles.  As you can see, Oracle had another very strong quarter, with outstanding performance across all product lines and geographies. We raised guidance heading into Q1 following a blowout Q4, and still exceeded on every metric.  This is our strongest Q1 licensed growth in more than five years and there is no doubt that we are gaining share across all product lines. As I review today’s results, keep in mind that we consolidated i-flex for the first time this quarter.  New software license revenue, including i-flex, was strong with revenues of $804 million, up 28% year over year, exceeding our guidance range of 18% to 25%. Our strength was very broad-based in terms of deal size and was not dependent on any unusually large deals.  Technology license revenues were outstanding across all major geographies, up 15% year over year. We grew 19% in the Americas, 12% in EMEA, and 12% in APAC. The strength of our technology business was driven by strength in both middleware and database. Database revenue was up 10% year over year. Middleware license revenues were up 56%.  This is the last quarter that we will break apart middleware and database license revenue growth rates.  As for applications, they were exceptionally strong as well, with license revenue of $228 million, up 80% year over year. This is actually the third consecutive quarter in which we have had applications license growth greater than 75%.  Applications license revenue growth was strong around the world -- 69% in the Americas, 83% in EMEA, and 126% in APAC. The majority of our application license revenue growth rate was organic, with license revenue, excluding i-flex, Siebel, and Portal, reaching $186 million, up 47% year over year. Recent acquisitions also contributed to our strong APPS number -- Siebel contributing $31 million and i-flex contributing $8.7 million.  Product updates and support revenue was up 23% on a non-GAAP basis, crossing the $2 billion mark for the first time. The renewal rates of this very large high-margin, recurring revenue stream remained best in class above 95%, as our customers continue to renew their contracts with us.  Oracle continues to grow market share and profitability simultaneously. Q1 income from operations grew 29% to $1.3 billion, resulting in operating margins of 36%, up 1% from a year-ago quarter, despite a 1% reduction from the consolidation of i-flex. We continue to expect margins to improve for the year.  We also grew EPS 24% to $0.18 on a non-GAAP basis, coming in $0.02 above our previous guidance and well above our stated goal of 20% average EPS growth through fiscal year 2009.  In Q1, we bought back 67 million shares at an average price of $14.96, spending $1 billion. We intend to continue buying back approximately $1 billion per quarter through the remainder of the fiscal year.  Operating cash flows for the trailing 12 months increased by $1.1 billion to $4.7 billion, while free cash flow increased 32%.  Now to our guidance. It is as follows: This guidance assumes that the annual effective income tax rate is actually up over a point to 30%, up from last year at 28.9. Now, if current exchange rates hold steady for the entire quarter, that will result in three points of positive currency impact for the Q2 numbers I just gave you, but as you know, currencies are likely to fluctuate. As a result, the currency impact in Q2 could be different from our guidance assumptions.  Our Q2 GAAP guidance currently assumes stock comp expense of about $50 million, and we still expect that the stock comp expense for the full year is somewhere between $0.02 to $0.03, so that’s $0.02 to $0.03 for the full year.  With that, I will turn the call over to Larry for his comments. 
Larry Ellison: Thank you. I wonder if Charles can go next, and then I will go last. 
Charles Phillips: Okay. I just want to make a few comments on how the quarter started off. I think we had a very good start to a Q1 and it finished up quite strong. I think one of the reasons is we had fewer changes to territories and comp plans this year. I think we have gotten that process, though still more to do, will be even better next year with that reduced disruption, so we are very pleased with how the sales force executed in the quarter.  By product area, our fusion middleware, we have 30,000 customers now, and I remind everyone, it is still the world’s fastest growing middleware suite. You may have heard us talk about our hot pluggable strategy. Let me just summarize that.  Basically, each component in our middleware suite is highly standard but also best of breed. What that is allowing us to do is sell into any standard space environment, even if it is our competitors. We can crack into any account with one or two best of breed products and then, over time, customers tend to expand the number of products they are using from Oracle. Some of the larger deals this quarter in fusion middleware started a year ago with one or two components, and then we kept working it and wedged into the account, as we say, and it turned into a much larger deal, and there is more of that to come.  Also, we have innovated a lot of product line. You have heard us talk about that before, but one measure is that 82% of our customers are on the latest two releases of the product. That is unusual in this industry, and the reason they keep upgrading is because they are getting incremental value each time they upgrade.  We have a lot of third-party distribution that we have built up. That is helping a lot, with 5,000 ISDs, 4,500 BARs and, more recently, the systems integrators are really supporting the product. In fact, we just opened up a joint global innovation centre with Accenture at the Oracle campus. That is staffed by joint people from Oracle and Accenture and with reference architectures.  So several other integrators are scaling up right now as well. EDS has established a mainframe modernization program based on fusion middleware. HP Services is doing the same thing, and there are a number of other smaller ones coming up to speed right now.  Then, just to summarize the innovation over the last 12 months, we have won 150 independent awards for fusion middleware, and we have 275 patents. Some of the major go-lives in the quarter -- Disney, IKON, Dell, Rabobank, Vodafone -- all standardizing on our middleware suite.  I wanted to touch on the database options for a second as well. Though we had healthy options growth, but I think the exciting thing is we have four new ones that are really ramping up this year that we did not have last year.  The first one is content DB and records DB. That basically manages unstructured content, and it comes complete with a policy engine that enables organizations to implement enterprise wide document retention policies, and so this is an area we really never had a product for years, and there’s a lot of data that needs to be managed, especially in this area of compliance.  Database Vault -- it’s the only product in the industry right now that allows IT staffs to separate the rows of people who are able to administer data from people who are able to see the data, and with all the compliance issues out there, that has become important as well.  The third one is Audit Vault. That is a consolidated repository of all database log changes to establish a secure audit trail, and then the fourth one, which I think is going to be really big, is Secure Search. That is a search engine to search across private enterprise data. That one will take a couple quarters to ramp up because we need to ship all the adapters for different types of content, but that is on the way.  So just to reassure you, we have additional database options that are ramping up as we speak that are going to help the balance of the year.  A few comments on applications, a very good applications quarter, as you heard. We have counted head-to-head wins over SAP that we can validate of 88 in the quarter. Some of the wins -- Alltel Corporation, Walt Disney World, Lockheed Martin, Duke Energy, Electrolux, and U.S. Steel, which was a big win for us.  The industry applications are also becoming more important. If you look at all deals signed in the quarter, the industry applications approached about 20% of the deals in the quarter, and with some strategic wins -- in retail, for instance, we have not done much business with Wal-Mart in the last decade. We had a strategic win this quarter as they saw the innovation we brought in retail. With sales, for instance, we lost to SAP a year ago at sales. They made some promises we knew they could not deliver on. The project sale, they now have a new CIO. They are replacing the SAP product with Oracle retail products, so we are getting win-back’s, and there are more of those on the way.  So the retail pipeline is quite large. The attach rate of other Oracle applications and technology products to that pipeline is increasing as we get better about cross-selling across the entire organization.  Also ramping up right now is communications, the Portal acquisition. We are getting some immediate synergies there. They are taking up products that there -- Oracle technology portfolio, for instance, they have their own in-memory database. No need to do that. They can use TimesTen, a product that we market commercially. There are several other areas like that, so it will get more efficient with better product.  Going forward, a couple of areas we will focus on, just wanted to highlight, the applications mid market. We are signing up resellers aggressively by each vertical. The same thing we did on the technology side that helped our database business and our fusion middleware business, we are doing with applications. We have a quick configuration technology called Accelerators that is going to help us to target our product for the mid market.  Overall, between applications and technology, we already have 90,000 small business customers, and we are going to go even stronger into that market with our brand name and some packaging. All we need is some additional distribution and we will have that over the next year.  Lastly, I wanted to mention up-sell campaigns. The major opportunity for us to take advantage of this huge installed base in all these products is ahead of us. We have a broad product line with 235,000 customers. We have made the investment to build all the models and normalize the customer data across all these acquisitions. We have built the analytical models for next likely purchase analysis. Looking at historical purchase patterns, we know what people own, we know what the pre-req’s are for them to buy the next product. All that data, all that analysis has been done, and we produced a solid list of highly qualified opportunities globally, and we will be taking advantage of that in the coming quarter. We are pretty excited about not only how the business is going but all the opportunities that we can see going forward.  Lastly, let me mention Open World, for those of you who intend on coming to that. That is October 22nd through the 26th. Paid registrations are already up over 100%. We will probably have over 40,000 attendees there. It is a big closing event for us, and we are excited about that as well.  With that, let me turn it over to Larry. 
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Charles. Let’s see, Charles mentioned several competitive wins against SAP in the quarter. What I am going to talk about is our overall strategy for competing with SAP in the applications business. I am going to focus a bit on the next generation of SOA applications, or service oriented architecture based applications.  There are two key success factors, we believe, for next generation SOA applications. The first is a foundation of standards-based middleware. The second key success factor for SOA applications is industry-specific knowledge and products. In other words, going beyond just SAP ERP.  We think Oracle’s current strategy is helping us overtake SAP and win market share. Let me start with the first key success factors for SOA applications, and that is middleware. Historically, successful application companies have always built their own proprietary middleware and tools. SAP built ABAP proprietary. Oracle built Forms proprietary. PeopleSoft had People Tools, Siebel had Siebel Tools, et cetera. Historically, application companies were more than just application companies. They were applications, middleware and tools companies.  In contrast to this history, we believe that next generation SOA applications, or service oriented architecture applications, will be built upon open standards-based middleware and tools. Now, Oracle has spent a long time in the middleware business. Oracle’s fusion middleware is based on Java and other open standards. J-Developer is Oracle’s standards-based Java development tool. Again, this stands in stark contrast to SAP’s NetWeaver middleware, which is based on ABAP, SAP’s proprietary language. In other words, SAP is sticking with a proprietary approach to middleware while Oracle has adopted a completely standards-based approach from middleware and our next generation of fusion applications.  As the market more deeply embraces service oriented architecture, SAP’s non-standard ABAP approach to middleware is hurting their sales and helping us win share.  Second, next generation SOA applications, or SOA applications, require a complete suite of middleware and tools. In other words, the middleware not only has to be standards-based, we also have to have all of the tools. It has to be complete. It has to include not only a language like Java but also BPEL, business intelligence, identity management, et cetera.  Now, Oracle has had a large, $1 billion mature middleware business for some time. SAP’s NetWeaver product is relatively new and still incomplete. They don’t really the have -- they have partial BPEL. They can integrate with BPEL, but you can’t really orchestrate their applications with BPEL. They have very limited BI. They have virtually no identity management and security management.  It took Oracle two years to enhance our middleware for service oriented architecture fusion applications. We started well ahead of where SAP is now in middleware.  We believe it will take SAP years to build the middleware necessary for their next generation of service oriented architecture applications, and ABAP must still be replaced with a modern standards-based language like Java.  SAP is approximately two years behind Oracle’s scheduling -- with SAP’s announcement of their next generation of applications due to be delivered in 2010, they are a full two years behind Oracle’s announced delivery date for our fusion-based applications in 2008.  Okay. That’s the middleware part of the story.  The second part of the story is industry-specific knowledge and products, going beyond just ERP.  SAP has good industry knowledge and products in some industries, like oil and gas, but they lack industry-specific knowledge and products in most other industries. That’s why they tried to buy Retec for retail and knowledge on retail products.  Oracle’s acquisition strategy has moved us ahead of SAP in several industries -- banking, telecommunications, retail, and so on. Oracle will continue to acquire industry knowledge and products. We believe that SAP must do the same, or SAP will become progressively less competitive in several industries and continue to experience slowing organic growth.  SAP’s CEO, Henning Kagermann, is now publicly talking about a more aggressive, and I quote: “a more aggressive acquisition strategy as a solution to SAP’s slowing organic growth.”  As I pointed out before, SAP has delayed their next release. The next release of their applications is in 2010.  We believe that our application strategy is working. A complete suite of open, standards-based middleware is a foundation for all of our service oriented architecture applications, and acquiring industry-specific applications that go beyond ERP -- Retec for retail, Portal for telecommunications, i-flex for banking, et cetera.  Eventually, again it is our belief that SAP will have to abandon ABAP and go to a standards-based middleware. Eventually, SAP will have to abandon their minimalist approach to acquiring industry-specific knowledge and products. But until they do, we will continue to gain application market share quarter after quarter and year after year.  Okay. I will turn it back over to Krista Bessinger. 
Krista Bessinger: Great, thanks, Larry. So I think we have time now for just a couple of questions, so we will go ahead and open it up, Operator, for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go first to Jason Maynard at Credit Suisse. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: Larry, please follow up on a couple of the points you were making regarding competition against SAP. As you look out over the next year or so, do you see the share gains against SAP accelerating? Are you specifically still thinking that you are going to be taking share, perhaps not just only in the core markets but also in terms of the next generation middleware platforms around SOA?
Larry Ellison: Well, I think it’s hard for our share gains to accelerate. I mean, SAP’s growth in their most recent quarter was 8% and our growth in our last two quarters was over 80%, so I cannot imagine that our rate of gain will accelerate, but I think our rate of gain against SAP will stay very, very high. I think it includes gains in ERP, gains in CRN, and gains in industry-specific applications.  Also, Oracle middleware is more prominent in SAP shops than NetWeaver is, so we are already ahead of NetWeaver, not only overall, but we’re ahead of NetWeaver in SAP shops, and we think we will continue to gain share even in SAP shops against their outgrown middleware.  We think in light of that, they are going to have to alter their strategy. They are -- we have leap-frogged them in backing via acquisitions, we have leap-frogged them in retail. We have leap-frogged them in telecommunications. I think we are very, very strong in government and we will continue to target other industries. I cannot imagine them holding on to their existing strategy in the face of market share losses and what is turning out to be a rather slow organic growth for them.  Jason, did I answer your question, or would you like to add to that?
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: I was going to follow-up a little bit. On the middleware side, when you look at the adoption of service oriented architecture, it does feel like we are just at the early stages of this game, so as you look at the middleware business relative to maybe applications space, two years from now, is this a business that you think puts you in a position where your percentage share of maybe just overall wallet within the IT environment is significantly larger today? Maybe look at the share gain from that perspective. 
Larry Ellison: Our middleware, as Safra pointed out, our middleware grew at over 50%, much faster than BEA or IBM. We think we are unique in the industry of having a database, middleware and applications that all play in concert, that are all modern and standards-based, and we have been investing in kind of our next-generation technology suite, next-generation database, next-generation middleware, for some time and as our fusion applications come out in 2008, we think that is another chance to get way ahead of SAP, since again, I keep -- I will point out once again -- SAP has said they are going to have no other, no new release of their applications until 2010. Now, they still have to make a 2010 date. That means we are going to be out there in the marketplace for two years with modern, standards-based SOA applications while they are rewriting their -- presumably they are rewriting their applications, so I think it is a tremendous opportunity for us to get way ahead of them in ERP, and again, we will continue to acquire industry-specific applications and industry-specific knowledge with our ongoing acquisition strategy.  So if SAP holds to their current strategy, I cannot see us -- our share gains slowing very much at all, maybe even accelerating. 
Operator: We will move on now to a question from Heather Bellini of UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Thank you. I have two questions for you. First, Safra or Charles, I was wondering if you could characterize your pipeline entering the November quarter versus what you have had entering the last few 2Q’s.  Then, on your license revenue guidance for the second quarter of 15% to 20%, can you give us an idea, just for everybody, what type of i-flex assumption you are assuming in that number, please? Thank you. 
Safra Catz : Charles, do you want to do the pipeline? I have the pipeline numbers here. Charles and I are not in the same location. We have had very robust pipeline for the past few quarters, as I mentioned in the previous calls, but we are taking a really rather conservative view of those pipelines because we don’t know the closing rate. Those are the two numbers you need -- your pipeline and your closing rates. So they have grown really very largely. They have grown very large. We don’t know what the closing rates will be, since we are still adjusting to having Siebel and now there’s Portal and these, you know, these have all added, as well as just the basic business, the Oracle PeopleSoft piece. The pipelines have increased in order and even more so than in previous quarters, but we don’t know the closing rates, so we have taken a -- I would say a conservative view of the closing rates, just to be sure.  As you can see in this quarter, the closing rates again exceeded what we expected. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: So versus past Q2’s, you would say that your pipeline is better entering the quarter, or in line with what you have seen in the past?
Safra Catz : No, our pipelines are much, much higher. 
Charles Phillips: I would also add that our coverage ratio is better versus a year ago, and then the other thing is a lot of the big deals that -- you know, we always start every year with some big deals. Not many of those, really none, have really closed in Q1. That was really a deal, a quarter of medium-sized deals. So the big deals are out there. Some of them aren’t in the forecast, and like Safra mentioned, it is hard to forecast when they will close, but there are big deals out there that again, we did not get in Q1 that are still alive. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, and then just a follow-up on the i-flex contribution that’s in the 15% to 20% forecast?
Safra Catz : Well, since i-flex is a public company, we actually do not get their projections from internal projections. We have assumed a little bit over $9 million is i-flex in license revenue. That is pretty much sort of what we are expecting.  For consulting, it is closer to $70 million, because that is sort of their breakdown. Their financial numbers are included in arrears, two months in arrears, so you are actually going to have a preview of their numbers, because their numbers for the quarter that we just consolidated them in were available over a month ago, so you will see that. 
Operator: We have time for our last question today. This will be Peter Kuper of Morgan Stanley. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks very much. Safra, one clarification, if you could, on the middleware database, and then Larry, a question around that. So you are not breaking out license from database and middleware going forward, is that right?
Safra Catz : Yes, well, you know, we actually never broke out the middleware numbers. We just gave you growth rates. We are going to go from now on to database and middleware together as pretty much everyone else in the industry does -- IBM, Microsoft -- give you those numbers to some extent together, and so we will be doing that going forward. But I thought for this quarter, I thought it was important that I give you notice that we are going to that and that I tell you that this year database, for this quarter, database was up 10% and middleware up 56%. Did you have a question for Larry?
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Yes, around the middleware/SOA construct. Larry, you mentioned that people looking at database first applications, and of course middleware, it sounds like a bundle three opportunity. Do you believe fundamentally that this will be more of a, kind of an ongoing maintenance side contracts free in pricing, or is there still going to be some components therein, given the open standards, et cetera?
Larry Ellison: We have a hot pluggable strategy so that you could theoretically be using BEA Web Logic or IBM Websphere, J2EE container and still use our identity management, or our BPEL.  We do have suites. We do have a middleware suite and application suites, but it is very important that we remain open and if you have a commitment to a component made by another supplier, that we integrate with those components in a graceful way, and still have an opportunity to sell our products on top of Websphere or Web Logic or other competitors in the middleware area.  So we are trying to be best in class, open and hot pluggable with competing components, but we hope over time, if Oracle does a good job in delivering its components, you will prefer to use our completely integrated suite as opposed to trying to mix and match amongst multiple vendors. 
Operator: I would like to thank everyone for your participation in the Q&A session in today’s conference call. With that, I would like to turn things back over to our speakers for any additional and closing remarks this afternoon. 
Krista Bessinger: Thank you everyone for participating again, and I just want to let you know that a telephone replay will be available for 24 hours. That replay number is 719-457-0280. Passcode is 4356887, and you can also access the webcast replay on the investor relations website. That replay will be available through the close of market on September 26th. Thank you very much for participating in today’s call. 
Operator: That will conclude today’s conference call. Again, thank you all very much for joining us. Have a good day.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-06-22 21:00:00) =====
Executives: Krista Bessinger - Vice President, Investor Relations   Larry Ellison - Chief Executive Officer   Charles Phillips - President   Safra Catz - President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kash Rangan – Merrill Lynch   John DiFucci - Bear Stearns   Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners   Peter Kuper – Morgan Stanley   Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse   Adam Holt – JP Morgan   Heather Bellini – UBS   Charles Di Bona - Sanford Bernstein   Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co   David Rudow – Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to today’s Oracle Corporation Quarterly conference call. (Operator Instructions). Now as it’s time for opening remarks, I’d like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations for Oracle, Krista Bessinger. Please go ahead, Krista.
Krista Bessinger: Great, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle’s fourth quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings conference call. With me on this call are Oracle’s Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; Oracle’s President, Charles Phillips; and Oracle’s President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz. As usual, our prepared remarks will be followed by Q&A. Before we begin, however, I’d like to remind you that today’s discussion may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Throughout today’s discussion, we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a more complete discussion of these factors and other risks under the heading, ‘Factors That May Affect our Future Results or the Market Price of our Stock.’ Our PDF copy of our press release and financial tables, which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle Investor Relations website at www.oracle.com/investor. With that, I’ll turn the call over now to Safra Catz, President and Chief Financial Officer.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Krista. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. I’m going to be particularly brief today, because in many ways the numbers really speak for themselves. I’ll focus on this call on the non-GAAP results for Q4 and for the year. Then I’ll review guidance for Q1, then turn the call over to Larry and to Charles. As I review today’s results, I just want to let you know that currency was basically neutral this quarter. Slightly negative, one percentage point for the entire year, but neutral for Q4. Constant currency and US dollars will be very similar. So with that, let’s talk about Q4. New software license revenue was very strong, up 32% year-over-year, with revenue of $2.1 billion. Database and middleware license revenues were spectacular across all geographies, up 18% year-over-year in Q4, and 9% for the full year. Middleware was up 57% year-over-year for the quarter, growing much faster than BEA. Applications came in very strong across the board, generating license revenues of $641 million, that is 83% up year-over-year, both in US dollars and constant currency. This compares to 14% growth constant currency in SAP’s most recent quarter. Application license revenues for the full year were $1.3 billion, up 66%. Now, I’m going to cut these numbers up a little bit for you, because with the acquisitions they are a little more complicated, so I’ll give you a little bit of detail here. Siebel came in $81 million for applications license. That exceeded our expectations, a little less than double what we were expecting. Organic applications license revenue, which we’ll define as without Siebel and without Retek, which we bought last year, was great. It was $544 million in Q4, which is up 56%. Now our apps license growth rate was strong around the world with 73% growth in the Americas, 94% in APAC, and 108% in EMEA. Our strength in Q4 was also very broad-based in terms of deal size. The volume of license transactions -- meaning the number of actual deals -- greater than $1 million grew 39%, which is a clear indication that Q4 was a strong quarter across the board, versus dominated by any large deals. It was a real volume game. To sum up our new license business, it was clearly a great year for Oracle. As I said before -- and this is becoming a recurrent theme -- we continue to take market share across all our product lines. Growing apps faster than SAP, middleware faster than BEA, and database far faster than IBM. Our product updates and support revenue was up 16% on a non-GAAP basis. These renewal rates are at, again, a very high margin and at an all time high, showing that customers continue to renew; renew every quarter, every year and are very satisfied. Our revenue growth also remains very profitable growth. We intend to grow market share and profitability simultaneously. Q4 income from operations grew 18% to $2.2 billion, resulting in operating margins of 45%. Now operating margins did tick down a bit year-over-year, about 1.5 percentage points, due to some high sales compensation expenses and marketing expenses, which were all basically triggered by very strong Q4 results. We do expect margins to improve in FY ’07 with progress above the 40% margin we’re reporting today. We also grew EPS by 11% in Q4 to $0.29 on a non-GAAP basis. The fiscal year’s EPS was $0.80, up 19% on a non-GAAP basis. I want to point out that this was achieved even though we had interest expense from the debt, a higher weighted shares outstanding due to Siebel, and a one point increase in our effective income tax rate year-over-year. The one point change in the tax rate equals over $0.01 in EPS. It actually had a $0.01 impact on our Q4. In Q4, we bought back 123 million shares, nearly completing our Siebel repurchase. We intend to continue buy backs throughout FY ’07 with the adoption of the 10B51 plan for the whole company and have plans to buy back an additional $1 billion a quarter in FY07. Operating cash flows increased by $1 billion year-over-year while free cash flow increased 28%. DSO was 55 days, down two days from last year, showing folks are paying their bills. In summary, I could only say that a year ago we gave you guidance for the year, and we clearly exceeded it at every level. As for Q1, our guidance is as follows. While we feel very good about our prospects heading into FY07, Q1 is typically our smallest seasonal quarter, being June, July, August. So we’re going to set guidance as follows: New software license revenue for the quarter are expected to be up 18% to 25% year-over-year. Total software revenues are expected to be up 18% to 20% on a non-GAAP basis. Software revenues on a GAAP basis are expected to be up 23% to 25%. Total revenue for Q1 is expected to be up 19% to 20% year-over-year on a non-GAAP basis. On a GAAP basis, it’s expected to be up 22% to 24%. Non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be $0.16 per share as compared to $0.14 last year. GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be $0.11 per share, up from $0.10. This translates into a non-GAAP net income growth of 11% to 15% and GAAP net income growth of 9% to 14%. Now, this guidance assumes an annual effective income tax rate of 30%, up from 29.2% in Q1 last year, due to the shift in the mix of earnings from our foreign sub. That alone is a $0.01 for Q1. It also assumes one point of positive currency impact, because that is where we stand right now; but with currency fluctuations, it’s difficult to predict and we’re not trying to predict, we’re just telling you year-over-year where it is right now. It could vary from our current estimate. Now in Q1, we’re going to adopt FAS 123-R. Our Q1 GAAP guidance currently assumes comp expense of approximately $50 million for the option. We expect stock compensation to reduce diluted earnings per share in FY07, about $0.02 to $0.03. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Larry.
 Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. I’m going to be even briefer than Safra. Q4 really was a great story with gains in market share across the board. In round numbers, our sales a year ago were just under $4 billion and this year, just under $5 billion; a growth of almost $1 billion year-over-year -- $900 million to be exact -- year-over-year. Extraordinary growth in the quarter, with as Safra pointed out, gains in the market share in every product line. We're growing our database business faster than dB2, we're growing our middleware business faster than BEA, and we're growing our applications business faster than SAP. Let me focus a bit on the database business, because half the time I read a story about Oracle, people are quoting "Well, Oracle's database business is growing slowly and they are under attack from IBM and by Microsoft." It wasn't long ago where Gartner had Oracle and IBM dB2 neck-in-neck in their market share estimate. Well, it turned out that Gartner did a little bit of rethinking. Gartner's latest report showed Oracle's database business with a 49% share versus IBM at 22%. So, not only are we not close, according to Gartner, our database business is more than double our nearest competitor. IDC has a somewhat more conservative point of view. IDC has our database business with a 44% market share versus dB2's 21%, but still more than twice the scale of IBM's business. So our database business is growing well, and very, very healthy, and very, very profitable. All of our product lines, we're gaining share in all of our product lines, and our top line growth was, again, nearly $1 billion quarter-over-quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Charles.
Charles Phillips: Thanks, Larry. We had a really great quarter, and some tough comparisons in Q4 of the last year, but every region really stepped up. I am really proud of the way the field performed in the quarter. Let me give you a few facts around the major parts of our business. The applications business growing 83%, clearly customers are more comfortable with our strategy. What they have seen is continued enhancements on existing products, and I think there is installed base pent-up demand as they're moving past wait-and-see mode into time-to-get-busy mode, and buying and deploying products. We have 30,000 application customers – I think we've just scratched the surface of the up-sell and cross-sell opportunities – and the reason they've changed their mind is we've delivered substantial value around our existing products. So they've got new versions, middleware certifications that are supported in 145 countries, more industry functionality, analytic dashboard, search capability, on and on. So just to give you an idea of what's happened over the last year or so in terms of new product shipment and this sense of improvement, with PeopleSoft we've shipped five functional releases, two operational dashboards, and 36 maintenance packs. That's in the last year. JD Edwards, a major service pack released, two new tools releases, industry enhancements. Siebel, three analytics releases, three CRM on-demand releases, and more and more. Oracle E-Business [inaudible] update. We have also did a lot of integration with G-Log, in fact [inaudible] with our product lines. With G-Log we sold more in Q4 than we did all last year as a separate company for G-Log. The product build is going to continue. We have new versions of the applications to be released this summer and into the fall. So PeopleSoft 9.0 comes mid-summer, JD Edward 8.12 midsummer, Oracle 12 early fall, and then Project Genesis, which is a comprehensive set of integrations across existing applications, that's in the fall as well. So the customers are happy. We do surveys. We had a recent one of about 1,000 customers; less than 1% were considering any sort of migration. So we've done a complete 360 where the customers are happy with what they see. From a competitive standpoint, we had 266 wins in the quarter over SAP in Q4. Organically, we've moved 56% against 15% last quarter. In the fiscal year, we had 585 wins over SAP. Additionally, 127 new SAP [inaudible] joined the SAP program. The total this quarter is just over 2,000. Let me give you a sense of some of the wins in the quarter in terms of names: Kraft, Land o’Lakes, Proctor & Gamble, JDM Smucker -- and that's an important win – and CPG, institutions where SAP historically has been strong in; Sprint, T-Mobile. The Sprint one, with Nextel, was very important. That CIO was publicly fairly negative about the PeopleSoft acquisition in the beginning. Now, he was at our sales force kickoff saying we were his most strategic supplier. He now says he sees the advantage and the value, and encourages us to keep doing what we are doing. And generally in telcos we are doing well. I think the acquisition of Portal and the STP announcements helped us: we won T-Mobile, Cingular, Enbridge and Mobil in the quarter. HP was a big win in the quarter. It used to be an SAP account; we're surrounding them and boxing them off, our largest apps deal in the quarter. Ingersoll-Rand, the State of North Carolina, we have a lot of momentum with state and local governments. We haven’t lost a state in almost two years. Nearly half of all the states are using Oracle products now in their applications area. SunTrust, Starbucks are already existing customers who are buying more, McDonald's, Nike, J.C. Penney, The Southern Company. Utilities is a key vertical for SAP. We beat them head-to-head in that account this quarter. BP International, [CIAT], just a lot of good wins. The same thing is happening in the mid-market, which we don't talk enough about. We have 19,000 mid-market customers. We have a lot of momentum there as well. Switching to middleware, that's been a real success story. We told you about a year ago we thought it would be our next billion dollar business, middleware. We're here to tell you that, with our Q4 performance, we've crossed over $1 billion in middleware product revenue for the trailing four quarters. It's a billion dollar business. We now have over 30,000 application service customers, that's 19% year-to-year growth. We're the fastest growing middleware suite in the world. We continue to do it with innovation. That product line has won over 145 independent awards in the last 12 months, and has 270 patents. Within the middleware suite, I'd like to highlight security as having substantial momentum. Our acquisitions of Thor, OctetString and Oblix has given us the strongest security suite on the market. We've sold more Oblix now in Q4 than in the history of the company. So security is a hot product line, it's a door opener for our entire middleware suite, and that's been the sell strategy here: to use these best-of-breed components that are hot-pluggable, highly standard, and wedge into any account, and start where we can start, and then expand our presence there over time, and replace whatever is there. Some big wins in middleware: Circuit City, Monster Worldwide, State of North Carolina, HP, Department of Defense, Comcast Cable, CTIC, which is the largest state-owned conglomerate in China -- a very important win there -- and several of those are BEA replacements. Lastly, on databases, Larry mentioned we continue to gain market share there, but also have set the bar for performance. We announced a 64-node Linux cluster which is the new record for TPCH benchmark. We now hold the top five performance results of the seven top ten in TPCH benchmarks. Also, on both the [inaudible] in Q1, our pipelines look healthy. In the pipelines, the individual deals above $500,000 is more than double what it was a year ago. The momentum is rising, the work force is extremely motivated and confident after seeing momentum build all year long. They handle the acquisitions extremely well and learn their products [inaudible] over a much larger installed base. I think we are product rich and customer rich, and we are ready to go. With that, I'll turn it back over to Safra.
Safra Catz: I think we are ready to take questions, Operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll take the first question from Heather Bellini, from UBS. There is no response. We'll move on to Kash Rangan, with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan – Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. I'm curious to see what is driving the acceleration in license revenue growth. It is a very healthy trend, it sounds like, Is there a combination of factors that you would attribute the acceleration to? Are you seeing any change in your pipeline, any change in the sense of urgency on the part of customers, just better macro economic conditions? Or is it individual product options on the database set like RAC, BI, really starting to get into the next phase of inflexion, if you will?
 Charles Phillips: I'll take that one. I'd say it's a combination of factors. One is having best-of-breed products in so many areas. Secondly, the customers are now seeing the value of all those products being inside of Oracle. Now we can integrate them better, certify it with our middleware, better reporting, and owning all those products together is a better account ownership experience. So we're a lot more important to customers now, that's the other thing. When we go see a customer they are eager to meet with us, they want to know our strategy, and we can get one conversation started. Almost any problem they have, we have a product for now. So it always expands way beyond where it first started. So the combination of having so many customers and these key products, I think it just put us in a new zone.
Lawrence Ellison: Let me reinforce what Charles just said. A while ago, we decided to really focus on selling suites of products, whether it was the E-Business Suite or our middleware suite. By suite we mean a bunch of products that are really engineered to work together; a single install, a single set of management tools, a single set of patching tools. It makes it much simpler. If you try to get a best of breed from 30 different suppliers, it is very difficult to actually run that environment, very difficult to patch the environment, very difficult to manage the environment. We are winning out of best of breed. The integrated suites are winning, and Charles’ point is, our individual components inside of our suites are offering the best of breed products. So, the components are very highly functional and the components are pre-integrated. The combination of those two things makes it a very attractive buy to the customer.
Kash Rangan – Merrill Lynch: Larry, since we have you on, could you elaborate on your comments in the press related to getting into the Linux operating systems business? How should we think about that?
Larry Ellison: Well, I’m thinking a general comment about Open Source. The interesting thing about Open Source -- and I don’t want to spend a lot of time on it today -- the interesting thing about Open Source is it’s free to everybody, even Oracle. So, Oracle could choose to just take a copy of anyone’s Open Source, and as long as we could support it better than an Open Source company, we could suddenly leap frog them and become the number one distributor. It was just interesting. It is interesting to evaluate Open Source and understand that they don’t own any of their intellectual property. It is free for us to take and support, which we may in fact, do in the future.
Operator: We will now move on to John DiFucci - Bear Stearns.
 John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Thanks, congratulations. It’s a pretty impressive quarter here. Safra had mentioned sales and marketing costs being a little bit elevated, but can you describe what’s going on in the cost of services line? Oracle seems to have engaged more closely with its partners over the last couple of years; but we were a little surprised here. Not that the services revenue was that much higher than expected, but the cost there was a lot higher than we expected.
Safra Catz: Just because we’ve had now three full months of the Siebel On-Demand infrastructure, the infrastructure that we adopted is actually a very expensive infrastructure. We are actually currently working on reducing the cost. Siebel has some agreements with providers that really didn’t benefit from the massive economy to the scale Oracle has. So that’s at least part of it. We’ll be moving that infrastructure. We wanted to do that as appropriate for the customers, but that’s part of it. In addition, we have been continuing the hiring in our consulting organization. We have what could only be referred to as a high class problem. We’ve got too much work and not quite enough folks to fill it. We have been really ramping up the hiring because there are so many new Oracle Peoplesoft, Siebel projects, et cetera. I don’t want to leave anyone out, and so that’s going on, too. I think a lot of this is going to sort of shake out through next year.
 John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Okay, just one quick follow up: Obviously, a really strong quarter here across pretty much all geographies and all product areas. I’m just trying to figure out -- everyone’s looking at this now, I’m sure -- to see what is this an indication of? Obviously, Oracle is executing well, but what is the IT spending environment? What’s happening out there? It’s probably some of both?
Safra Catz: I think one of the things when we look at Q1, we are also trying to make an estimate on what to expect going forward. What we are seeing is very large volumes. What I mean by that is just massive number of deals. I’m not even commenting on the size of the deals, all of which are getting a little bit bigger we noticed, but just a very, very marked increase in volume. What we can’t tell, is whether that’s an IT spending indication or it’s a direct response to the state of the economy or it’s really an answer to people getting more comfortable with Oracle, buying more products and more customers buying more products. We can’t split it out if it’s the IT spending environment entirely -- it doesn’t seem like it is. It does seem to some extent a little bit more Oracle-specific, but we’ll see as the year plays out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners.
 Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, good afternoon and congratulations on the quarter, as well. The first question has to do with seasonality. You get to bring in a greater bundle to your customers to their much broader product suite. Do you think that this quarter’s out-performance was maybe a little bit due to greater seasonality as you bring a greater product set? What should we expect for Q1? That’s the first question.
Charles Phillips: The fourth quarter is our biggest quarter of the year every year, and we had a very strong performance a year ago. So it’s nothing new here. I think if you are looking at the trend in the business and the number of transactions as Safra described, I think it’s an indicator of a pretty healthy, broad-based business. So hopefully, this is the trend going forward.
 Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. This is normally the time of the year when you mentioned you had your sales kick off. How are you tracking towards cross-training the acquired sales people in the various products -- where you are going to cross-train them? As far as setting quotas and territories, how are you tracking this year versus maybe this time last year?
Charles Phillips: Well, a lot of that training got done during the year; that’s partly why you saw the results you saw; that people learned how to sell the new products fairly quickly and they saw the opportunity. That’s part of what’s going on here. The sales force is more competent and they know how to deal with multiple products now, and then the specialization to keep the expertise in house. So all that’s working. The training took place at the sales force kick-off, we did additional training this week. That ends tomorrow, so we’re going to be ready to go going into next week.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Kuper, Morgan Stanley.
Peter Kuper – Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. Safra, in particular, we spoke a while ago, you mentioned renewals and maintenance contracts were Oracle-installed; they're not going to switch. I'm trying to figure out why there isn't more leverage on sales and marketing in particular, if we had to nitpick on one thing. I hear you are saying you're ramping up more sales force. Charles just mentioned getting more training and you said it is going to take a year, though -- shake it out next year for overall margin leverage. Is sales and marketing a good place to start to focus to see the improvements? Or where should we be looking in the model to get some lift here?
Safra Catz: Well, I think first of all, there were a bunch of little anomalies. As I mentioned, marketing was higher than usual; but in many ways, that is upfront spending that will be completely undone in Q1, because OracleWorld actually makes money. So that is a piece of it. Part of it is we have actually recalculated , everyone's sales compensation to our now larger base and larger target. So we won't be paying as much per dollar, because it won't be such a large over-achievement. So I think that is actually going to show up, really, right away. As I mentioned a little earlier, the Siebel cost structure in their On-Demand is going to be rationalized rather quickly. So I think you are going to see it really quite quickly. These are the areas where -- when you over-achieve quite this far in new license, a few people make a lot of money.
Peter Kuper – Morgan Stanley: Wouldn't that, though, to that question then, see some spill-over into Q1? Things are going great; that's fine. Wouldn't Q1 be a little bit stronger, given this momentum? Or was it just a big rush year end, typical, like Charles was mentioning, and you're just being conservative here in Q1? Is that a fair assessment?
Safra Catz: It is hard to tell because we think we are being realistic for Q1. Q1 is always a tricky quarter for us. It is June/July/August. There is no forcing event for salespeople. August is vacation. We have World Cup this year, so Europe is half-closed as it is. So we are trying to be conservative. Though clearly, that level of guidance for Q1 is not conservative as compared to our guidance in previous years. So it is actually aggressive guidance from just the numbers themselves. But when we look at the pipelines they draw this picture, which is why I felt I could give you an 18% to 25% increase in the Q1 which we think that is where we will come in. Now in Q1, the reps are generally not in their accelerators. So as a result, comp expense is lower for that quarter. So we won't have the Q4 effect we had this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse.
 Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse: Congratulations, guys on making the full year revenue number. Larry, a quick question for you on the database business. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of movement to RAC and some of the additions? Because obviously, Database plus 9 is a strong number and you guys are gaining share; but maybe talk about some of the dynamics behind that number?
Larry Ellison: Well, I think, again, we are still in the early adoption phase of RAC. A lot of our very large customers have moved to RAC because they need the performance. As we get the administration tools down to the point where using RAC is exactly as easy, from the point of view of the data center manager -- exactly as easy as using a single computer – we think virtually everybody in our installed base – well let’s say half of our installed base – will move to RAC because it is just cheaper, more reliable and faster, as long as there is no administrative overhead. So we think RAC adoption has been pretty good. But you ain’t seen nothing yet. I also think that is true on the administration tools; good control and an aggressive enterprise manager, so we think we have a good deal of headroom on various opportunities with the options. Our low-end products are doing very, very well. As you know, we’ve very aggressively priced low-end products to compete with everything from a free version to products that cost substantially less than SQL server but do more. We think the whole database business can continue growing in the high single-digits, maybe even low double-digits in a good year.
Jason Maynard – CSFB: How much of the database improvement is predicated just on getting the European sales force on par with North America in terms of selling the options?
Larry Ellison: Well again, the United States is always the early adopters of new technologies. So it is not that surprising that the Europeans haven't sold the options as aggressively. Again, as we move out of the early adoption phase into the mainstream phase, the European business is as big, if not bigger than our North American business. So we expect a huge amount , it is an even bigger opportunity for RAC in Europe, because it is under-penetrated.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Holt – JP Morgan.
Adam Holt – JP Morgan: Good afternoon. A couple of questions on the guidance. First of all, could you maybe walk through what some of your assumptions are for the first quarter in terms of what we can expect to consolidate from some of the recent acquisitions, in particular i-flex? Secondly, on a going-forward basis, should we expect to get just quarterly guidance, or will you all be in a position to comment on the year, in the near term?
Safra Catz: We are going to go back to our historical practice of just giving you one quarter in advance. It will save us the constant reviewing for the year every time we do an acquisition, if we do any more. But we are going to go back to our historical habit of just giving it for the quarter. For i-flex, which is the only one that we don't own 100% of, other than our Japanese publicly traded subsidiaries, we are including very, very little from that. We are still working out the exact consolidation methodology. We will be laying that out. As it is anyway, we would only consolidate it two months in arrears, because that is the way the rules work out with an Indian company and with their fiscal year end.
Adam Holt – JP Morgan: Just one quick follow-up, if I could. Obviously terrific growth in options. Could you talk a little bit about what the database business grew ex-options in the quarter?
Safra Catz: Yes, maybe we could do that later on another call. Database for the quarter, just Enterprise Edition is up about 9%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Bellini - UBS.
Heather Bellini – UBS: Safra, I agree with you. Your guidance for Q1, I think some people could be concerned that maybe it is a little bit aggressive. Could you comment, given the difficulties that Oracle has had in its Q1s over the past three years, what makes you feel differently with your guidance for this Q1 and the pipeline you are seeing? Could you contrast that versus this time last year, just to make people more comfortable with that 18% to 25% increase?
Safra Catz: Yes, I actually read your report begging us to be as conservative as possible. You know, the thing that weighs is that I have to be realistic. The volumes -- and I mean not only size of deals, which isn't the big driver, it is the number of deals between $0.5 million and $1 million; between $1 million and $5 million; between $5 million and $10 million and under $0.5 million. All of these in the pipeline are markedly so up that applying what we think to be realistic closure rates, we should be within 18% to 25%. Do I think we will be at 17%? No. Do I think it will be much more than 25%? No. So we really gave you the most realistic view, even though we took into account that we always have a very hard time in Q1 because it is a June/July/August quarter. We feel that that is where it's going to come out. Now, the thing we don't know will be closure rates, and we keep getting surprised on the upside on closure rates, including in Siebel.
Heather Bellini – UBS: Safra, just a follow-up would be if you could comment a little bit about if there's any sales force reorganizations that are going on versus what we have seen in the past as well?
Larry Ellison: There is nothing substantial going on. There is always some tweaking and raising quotas and targets, which of course helps in a lot of different ways. The territories have already been set. So it is a minor enhancement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Di Bona - Sanford Bernstein.
Charles Di Bona - Sanford Bernstein : Safra, I was wondering if we could follow up a little bit on what you were talking about, the large deal pipeline? Looking back at last quarter, you mentioned up 39% on deals over $1 million, which is faster than your new license growth rate. Is that relatively proportional between database and applications? Or is there a bias one way or the other in that?
Safra Catz: You know what? I actually don't know that number. I don't think we've even done that analysis. What I see internally is all the deals have gotten chubby. You can laugh at that, but pretty much everything has bulked up. Transactions just in general. I think it is as a result of having a broader product line. So we have a lot of mix database and apps deals. We've got a lot of apps database deals that include middleware. We've got a lot of middleware that includes identity management. The entire pipeline has just gotten bigger. So individual deals are bigger, and just the number of deals is much bigger.
Charles Di Bona - Sanford Bernstein : Following up on a couple other questions that were made there earlier, the add-on growth -- you have not broken that out separately. Could you give us color on that and on what RAC in particular has been doing for your numbers?
Safra Catz: For the fiscal year -- that is what I actually think I have -- I am getting handed the quarter. For the quarter, it is up 30%. For the fiscal year, it is up 23%. Enterprise Manager was up 42%. Partitioning is up 20%. So the options all around are up 26%. So that's the basic numbers for the quarter. Enterprise Edition, as I said before, is up 9%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co.
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co : You talked about your Q1 assumptions being driven largely by growth in the number of deals. I'm wondering what your assumptions are about closure rates historically versus Q1 a year ago or Q4.
Safra Catz: We have actually trimmed the closure rate a little. It is basically flat to where it was last year, which is what caused this bump-up in our guidance. So we didn't raise it even though our closure rates seemed to be rising. So we left it where it was last year, which as you know, was not a magnificent quarter.
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co : You started to say something, Safra, about Siebel. It got cut off. Could you talk about your assumption for Siebel revenue in the quarter?
Safra Catz: I have to look back at what we have for the Siebel guidance. We did the whole thing in its entirety. For this Q4, we thought we would do 40-something and we did about 81 instead. We are being pretty conservative on the Siebel numbers generally because, again, we don't feel we quite have our sea legs on what to expect. We have had two quarters of a lot of success. Again, we don't know if it is a Q4 effect or if it is pent-up buying, even though, of course, Siebel had two wonderful quarters before we bought them. So we are staying pretty conservative on the Siebel numbers.
Krista Bessinger: I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question will come from David Rudow – Piper Jaffray.
David Rudow – Piper Jaffray: Nice job on the quarter. Given the increase in volumes, at what point can you tell -- whether it is one or two quarters out from now – if there is an actual increase in IT demand around ERP?
Larry Ellison: I think for sure what we are seeing is a shift in IT spending towards us. We are getting market share. Whether that is expanding the whole pie or not, I guess is the question. But from everything we’ve seen, we just have more products in more spaces and customers are more comfortable with us. Regardless, it seems like what happens is we are going to gain market share.
David Rudow – Piper Jaffray: On the database side, what do you expect growth to be for the year? Are you disclosing that now?
Safra Catz: No.
Krista Bessinger: No, we haven’t.
Operator: There are no questions at this time. I will turn it back to you, Ms. Bessinger.
Krista Bessinger: Great. Thanks, everyone for participating in today’s call. There is going to be a replay that is going to be available for 24 hours. That replay number is 719-457-0820 with pass code 4257576. You can also access the webcast replay on the Oracle investor relations website. That replay will be available through close of market on June 29th. With that, thank you all for joining us again. I will turn it back to the operator to close.
Operator: That does conclude our conference today. On behalf of Oracle, we thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-03-20 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Krista Bessinger - Vice President, Investor Relations   Larry Ellison - Chief Executive Officer   Charles Phillips - President   Safra Catz - President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel   Adam Holt - JP Morgan   John DiFucci - Bear Stearns   Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co   Steve Mahedy - Banc of America   Peter Goldmacher - SG Cowen   Heather Bellini - UBS   Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse First Boston   Kevin Buttigieg - AG Edwards   Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers   David Hilal - Friedman, Billings & Ramsey - Analyst 
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to today's Oracle Corporation third quarter conference call. Just a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations for Oracle, Krista Bessinger. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
 Krista Bessinger: Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings conference call. With me on this call are Oracle Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison; Oracle President, Charles Phillips; and Oracle President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz.  As usual our prepared remarks will be followed by Q&A. Before we begin, however, I'd like to remind you that today's discussion may include predictions, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You're cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Throughout today's discussion we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our predictions. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a more complete discussion of these factors and other risks under the heading, factors that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. A PDF copy of our press release and financial tables can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle investor relations website at www.oracle.com/investor. Thank you, and I'll now turn the call over to Safra for opening comments. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Safra Catz: Thanks, Krista. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us on today's call. I'm going to focus on the non-GAAP results for Q3, then I'll review the guidance for Q4 and turn the call over to Larry and Charles. As I review today's results, I want you to keep in mind that currency negatively impacted our Q3 revenue growth rate by four points.  New software license revenue was strong for the quarter, up 16% year-over-year with revenue at $1.1 billion, which is in line with our previous guidance. Applications came in very strong across the board, generating license revenue of $269 million, up 77%. This compares to 18% growth in SAP's most recent quarter. Siebel contributed about $22 million in apps license in the quarter, also exceeding our expectations. So even excluding Siebel, our apps growth was very strong, coming in at $247 million, up 63% year-over-year. In you Europe, our apps growth was 119% and in the Americas, our apps growth was 61%.  Database and middleware license revenues were up 5% year-over-year, but that's 9% in constant currency. Revenues were driven by strength in the Americas, up 16% and middleware, up 24%. This, of course, growing faster than BEA.  So to sum it up, our new license business basically showed that our apps are growing faster than SAP, middleware faster than BEA and we continue to take database share from IBM.  Software license renewal revenue also remained very strong, up 15% year-over-year. This revenue, now 50% of our total revenue, is very stable, has a very high margin, and recurs. Our renewal rates remain at an all-time high. We continue to drive increased margins and leverage as we grow. In fact, we think we can grow market share and profitability simultaneously.  Q3 income from operations grew 19% to a $1.4 billion, resulting in operating margins of 39%, an increase from 38% a year ago. We also grew EPS by 21% to 19% on a non-GAAP basis, coming in $0.01 above our previous guidance. Our cash flows remained strong and we continue to expect to generate cash at a rate of at least $1 billion per quarter.  As for Q4, our guidance remains basically unchanged from our February 9th call. While we feel good about our prospects heading into our seasonally strongest quarter, Q4, we are up against some pretty tough comparisons. Last year, new software license revenues were up 23% in Q4 and total revenues up 32%. Those numbers are now in our base, which will make the comparisons more difficult, though we are off to a very good start.  Currency was also working in our favor a year ago by about three points and we're including a negative two percentage point impact this year.  New software license revenues for Q4 are expected to be up 8% to 18% year-over-year. That's slightly up from my February 9th guidance of 7% to 17%. We do expect some contribution from Siebel, though we're trying to stay conservative until we have more experience with the close rates.  Total software revenue that we're looking for is, again, 10% to 15%, the same as the February 9th call. Total revenue up 10% to 14%, same as our call earlier. Net income up 4% to 11%. Earnings per share of $0.26 to $0.28. Those are our non-GAAP guidance at this point, those are all basically the same as the February 9th call.  For GAAP, again, new license revenue up 8% to 18%, that's up from 7% to 17%. Again, all the other numbers are exactly the same as our previous quarter, which is total software 14% to 19%; total revenue, 13% to 17% growth; net income, 12% to 22% growth; EPS percentage, 10% to 19% and a GAAP EPS of 21% to 23%.  This guidance, by the way, assumes that income tax rates stay at the 29% we have now. It also, as I mentioned, assumes the two points of negative currency, but again that may change, depending on what the ultimate rates are.  Finally, note that our Q4 GAAP and non-GAAP guidance does not include the FAS-123-R expense of about $0.03 to $0.04 for the full year. So if we were to adopt it, which we are still currently planning on doing, but we won't have completed our work on that until Q4, that would have an impact of $0.03 to $0.04.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Larry for his comments. 
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. I want to take a couple of minutes to talk about probably the most important innovation our database team has delivered over the last several years, maybe the most important innovation since we came up with great computing: that is, Secure Enterprise Search.  Everyone knows about search; it's what Google does. Let’s say you search Intel, and find all the latest articles in the newspaper about Intel. If you have Google Desktop Search on your computer, it will go out and find any spreadsheets you have on Intel or any e-mail messages with Intel in the subject. That is all very useful.  What it will not do is go in to your sales automation systems and find all of the open opportunities that your salesmen are working with Intel. It won't go you’re your service system and find every time Intel called up with an issue about your software. It won't go into your accounting system and find every invoice you ever sent Intel and tell you whether they pay on time or not.  Oracle Secure Enterprise Search is everything. It really does give you that 360-degree review of the customer promised by CRM. Every touch point, every meeting you had with Intel referenced in your calendar, every e-mail note sent to you by Intel, that you sent Intel or about Intel, it returns. Every Microsoft Word document, every purchase request, every time you bought something from Intel; every time Intel bought something from you. All of your contacts, your sales people, and the purchase orders are formatted properly using the relevant application, purchasing application. The service requests are formatted properly. We are using the relevant service application.  So if you're authorized to see the data -- and that's the key thing, that's what we do that's unique -- we actually have all of the security of the Oracle database to use to filter that information to make sure that you only see the information about Intel that you are authorized to see: only those e-mails you're authorized to see, only those purchase requests you're authorized to see, only those invoices you're authorized to see.  It searches all of the application data stored in an Oracle database or a non-Oracle database; it searches all of your Microsoft Word files or any other kind of file; e-mail documents -- everything. Every touch point. It's a comprehensive search. It's never been done before and we think everyone will want it.  The last thing I'll say about it is that you can get it up and running in your organization very, very quickly. You can install Oracle Secure Enterprise Search within literally a few days, and be doing useful work. Searching all the different databases your company maintains, all the different Exchange files and all the different Microsoft Word files, get all of that running very, very quickly and give the people who need the information to get the job done, giving them that information in a timely and comprehensive fashion.  No one's ever done it before. We think there's a huge market, we're excited to be going into this market. We think it's going to help drive database growth for years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Charles. 
Charles Phillips: Thanks, Larry. I just wanted to highlight a few announcements and key developments in the quarter. As Larry mentioned on the database side, Secure Enterprise Search was the most exciting announcement and the field is certainly pumped up about that one. RAC, partitioning and enterprise management have been important options to us over the years. A lot of you have been tracking the growth in those options. I would consider Secure Enterprise Search in that same category of potentially very strong add-on revenue for us in our install base.  Fusion middleware continues to be rated the best-selling middleware suite in units and the fastest-growing middleware suite in revenue and units. We're up 22% on a trailing 12-month basis versus 6% for BEA. The latest quarter, we were up 24% as compared to 4% for IBM WebSphere. We've made a lot our developer tools free. If you adjust for that and back out development tool revenue, our middleware products grew 37% in the quarter.  What's driving the growth? New products. In the quarter we introduced Oracle Application Server 10G release 3 and J Developer 10G release 3. As you know, we're still standard in hot pluggable. That's a lot more important than it may sound like. That means we can co-exist with any application in any other standard middleware.  Our standards are implemented and not just a stated direction, so customers view standards as a way of retaining choice which is something most other vendors are afraid of. We've embraced this open concept and we're getting rewarded for it.  In the area of security, our security and identity management revenue increased 93% in the quarter. We have a strong security suite now. If you remember, we acquired a couple of companies: OctetString, Oblix and Thor Technologies. They've all been integrated into the Oracle Identity and Access Management Suite. Since we've done that, we've had more than 10,000 developer downloads. We have a dedicated sales force and a strong list of third party vendors building extensions on top of our security products. Some key security wins in the quarter, Bechtel, MTA Long Island Railroad, Orient Overseas Container Line, Phoenix Technologies, and Volkswagen.  In the applications area, we were up 77% compared to 18% for SAP. Some key customer wins to mention, France Telecom, Motorola, VeriSign, Fidelity Information Services, Cap Gemini, Legg Mason. We continue our momentum in the retail industry after buying Retek. We won Sears Roebuck, Dress Barn, Duty Free, Tesco and the GAP.  There were probably two big events for applications in the quarter I wanted to highlight. The first one was we announced that we were halfway to Fusion applications. What we did was host an event with about 30,000 people on the web, 1,500 people in attendance. We gave substantial technical detail on the products, demonstrations, showed off the user interface. I think the bottom line is we were much further along than people anticipated and that helped us with customers in the quarter.  The second development was basically closing the Siebel deal. I think that really pushed us over the top in many accounts in terms of being a strategic applications supplier.  From my perspective on the Q4 outlook, I think we're entering with a lot of product momentum. The first few days of the quarter we had a $15-million plus deal close, hopefully more of those to come. That's always nice to start off like that. Our forecast assumes a conversion rate of the pipeline that is lower than what we actually realized for Q4 in 2005 and in 2004. With that, I'll turn it over to questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Tim Klasell with Thomas Weisel. 
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel: Good afternoon, everybody. First question, the strength in Europe with the applications wasn't matched with the database. Can you give us a flavor of what you see going on there? Do you expect the database to begin to get closer to the apps revenue growth? 
Charles Phillips: I would say we had some tough comparisons, but also you have to look at currency rates. Europe's taking a huge currency hit right now, about 9 percentage points or so. I think if you look at last year, three out of the four quarters we had double-digit growth, nice double-digit growth in database so the comparisons are tough and we have the double whammy on currency. Some of that starts to go away after the next quarter. We feel good about the pipeline, these new products like Secure and Enterprise Search are going to help going forward.  On the applications side of it, if you remember about three quarters ago we started to talk about the specialization of the sales force in Europe. They came a little later than the U.S. That transition is starting to pay off now. Initially you lose some sales reps who don't want to specialize in applications, they choose database, so we had to hire. Then the people who do want to sell applications get better accounts and more territory. That's starting to pay off, they're just executing a lot better. Lastly, I just think we're more strategic in the applications area to all customers. Siebel really pushed us over the top, as I said earlier. 
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel: Good, and a quick follow on. There's a lot of rumblings in the open source community about some of the moves that Oracle has been making. Can you give us sort of a high level of anything change with your view of how you're going to approach the open source community? 
 Larry Ellison: I think we look at everything very closely. We bought Sleepycat recently, Sleepycat software and their Berkeley DB product is the most broadly deployed open source database in the world. We thought it was a very attractive business for us. We thought it complemented what we do. So we went out and bought open source. Open source doesn't mean free. 
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel: Will there be any other moves into, let's say, the applications server or any other open source arenas? 
 Larry Ellison: We're constantly looking at all sorts of companies and applications, middleware and database, and some of those companies are open source. 
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel: Okay, very good. Thank you. 
Operator: We'll now hear from Adam Holt with JP Morgan. 
 Adam Holt - JP Morgan: Good afternoon. I was hoping you could first give us more detail on the technology side, maybe some of the growth rates for areas like RAC, partitioning, Enterprise Manager, and then also core database? 
 Safra Catz : Sure. For RAC in constant dollars, the growth was 14%, Enterprise Manager was 32%. Partitioning was 12%. Database was sort of a mix. The overall database number year-over-year was -- well, it depends for what. I don't have an actual -- . 
 Larry Ellison: The aggregate database number was 5% in the press release. 
 Safra Catz : Yes. 
 Adam Holt - JP Morgan: Okay. Maybe give us a sense for where you feel you are in terms of the penetration on 10G at this point, how attach rates are tracking, and where you think database can grow over the next three to four quarters as you really get into the bell curve of the adoption cycle? 
 Larry Ellison: Our database targets in constant currency -- keep in mind, our constant currency growth for database business was 9%. Our targets are in the low double-digits for long-term growth and low double-digits for database, so we don't really think we were that far off. We think Secure Enterprise Search might be a real catalyst over the next 24 months for more rapid growth than we'd otherwise experience. Other than Secure Enterprise Search, we're fairly confident we can deliver double-digit growth in database for several years to come. 
Charles Phillips: I still think we have another wave of growth coming because it takes the ISV's two or three years to import and the same thing for customers, they have applications that are tied to specific versions and it takes them a while to move their applications over. That's been taking place over the last couple of years and so that growth, I think, is ahead of us. 
 Adam Holt - JP Morgan: Just one last question on Siebel. Obviously a good number in the quarter. Does that change your thinking about the previous guidance you gave for contribution for Q4? Thanks. 
 Larry Ellison: I think Safra mentioned, we have a good 30 days experience with Siebel in terms of close rates, and we'd like to get another quarter under our belt before we get more aggressive than we've already been. 
 Safra Catz : We're pretty much in the same place on the guidance. A month doesn't make a trend so we just want to have, as Larry said, a little bit more experience. It could be anywhere from $40 million up. We are just not sure yet. 
 Adam Holt - JP Morgan: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Moving on to Bear Stearns, John DiFucci. 
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Hi, a question for Safra. Safra, the cash flow looks very strong this quarter, at least stronger than we were looking for. Were there any one-time impacts from the Siebel acquisition? Were there a lot of collections or anything like that? 
 Safra Catz : No, I think overall, little by little we actually are improving our collections and breaking down our backlog overall with our maintenance base. We've continued to actually bill customers more and more on time and collect the money more on time. Nothing in particular occurred, nothing unusual. Just business remains strong, people are paying us. 
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Okay. Just a quick follow-up to Adam's question on the database market. Larry, you point out that constant currency growth is 9%. Actually that was the whole growth rate for the database market, for your database business on a constant currency basis for all of last year.  This year we're looking more at numbers that are, at least for the year, that are more like world GDP growth rates. Given the size of that market, you said you think you can do double-digit growth and you do have some things like RAC that's really seem to be a differentiator. But this year the numbers just don't seem to pan out for us to sort of expect that going forward. 
 Larry Ellison: Well, the database market's based on innovations. Those innovations have largely come from us. So we're the only one with RAC and now we're the only one with Secure Enterprise Search. So I think our ability to grow is a combination of the overall movement of data that's not in databases into databases; the movement of data off of IBM mainframes and on to open systems -- We benefit from both of those -- the overall growth in the market; and finally our ability to come up with innovative, new, interesting and valuable products like Secure Enterprise Search. We think Secure Enterprise Search, for example, will help our growth rates for several years to come. 
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Can you give us any detail on the penetration rate for RAC at this point? We have some estimates, I'm just curious if you can give us -- ? 
 Larry Ellison: I'd say we're past the early adopter phase, but we're still very, very early on in terms of it being rolled out broadly. I think you'll see RAC adopted at about the same rate relational database was adopted. A full adoption is people go from a single host computer running their application to a grid of computers running their application as a standard configuration. The migration to relational database took about 20 years from conventional. I think the migration off of individual machines on to grids will, overall, take about 20 years when everyone -- virtually every new application -- is running on a grid. We're still fairly early in that cycle. But it's a geometric progression, so I'm very optimistic that RAC will continue to grow. 
John DiFucci - Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Moving onto Robert Schwartz with Jefferies & Company. 
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co: Thanks so much. You mentioned, Charles, that you were assuming a lower close rate than you have historically. I'm wondering if that's motivated by what you're seeing in the field and maybe you could also talk about pricing in the database market and how well it's holding up? 
 Larry Ellison: I think what Charles meant by that -- let me jump in here -- not that we're assuming a slower close rate. What Charles said is our pipelines are strong and our forecasts are conservative based on slower close rates than we actually achieved before. I'll let Charles explain it. 
Charles Phillips: Very well said. That's what I meant to say. 
 Larry Ellison: That's exactly what you did say. 
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co: Sounds like the right follow-on answer. 
 Larry Ellison: We are not forecasting lower close rates. We're just letting you know there is some built-in conservatism to our forecast. 
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co: What about pricing in the database market in particular? 
 Larry Ellison: I think we win the vast, vast majority of competitive database deals. We don't win based on price, we win based on the fact that Oracle is the only database that supports great computing. The only fault tolerant database. That we deliver more performance, scalability and security than other products. The database has been coming down in price every year since we've been in this business. It is getting less and less expensive, but we've been able to make it up in volume. Nothing unusual has happened in pricing for a long time. 
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co: Okay. Maybe Safra, if you could help me here on the pro services, I thought in the past that you broke out the part that was database versus applications or technology versus applications. 
 Larry Ellison: Never. 
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co: Never? 
 Larry Ellison: On professional services, no, never. In fact, it's very difficult to say professional services. 
 Safra Catz : We used to make an estimate but as we try to do that now, it just gets more and more difficult because some of the work is one way or another. So what we do break out for you now is just the licenses and the license renewals. 
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We'll now hear from Steve Mahedy with Banc of America. 
Steve Mahedy - Banc of America: Thanks, first question would be on operating margins. They were up nicely year-over-year and we're heading into traditionally a quarter where we see peak operating margins. Now, what's left to do on the synergy side given some of the acquisitions? Is there still some modest improvement there? Maybe just an update on status? 
 Safra Catz : Sure, this quarter and the next quarter even after that, there will still be some synergies that we'll be getting back from the acquisitions. In different countries your ability to reorganize and reduce staff is limited. So we've really owned Siebel for a month and so there's still some more to go there on the cost reduction side. 
 Larry Ellison: Let me add to that. The margin improvement you're seeing -- well, I think every year we become a little bit better operator and a little bit more efficient. We find something, we find a team that we can move to India that we hadn't moved to India before and all this other stuff, but the biggest thing that's affecting our margin growth has nothing to do with that.  Oracle's margins grow every single year -- year after year after year -- because our business is being reshaped. What I mean by that, an increasing percentage of our overall business is subscription renewals. As Safra pointed out in her opening remarks, that business is now over half of our total revenue. And that business has a 90-plus% margin built into it.  As a larger and larger percentage of our business is on subscription renewals, there's nothing we can do to prevent that, just about. As a larger and larger percentage of our business becomes subscription renewals, our margins just have to get better, quarter after quarter, year after year.  That's why I have said in the past a few times, I understand people like to focus on new license revenue, which I think is completely appropriate for young companies, a five-year-old company or a 10-year-old company when they don't have a large installed base. But, in fact, the shape of the business and where the profits of the business largely come from these subscribers, existing customers, who then renew their support and renew their license to receive updates and improvements to those programs. That's why our margins continue to grow. It is not cost-cutting. It is not cost-cutting, it is a fundamental and continual reshaping of the business. 
Steve Mahedy - Banc of America: Okay, great. Quick follow-up question would be in regard to the cash flow which remains strong, and general balance sheet. Now that it looks like you're digesting some of the more significant acquisitions and perhaps the ones in the future might be of a lower scale, how do you think about the capital structure and the opportunity to go out and buy back more shares? I know you talked about what you're going to buy back, vis-a-vis the Siebel shares, but how else do you think about the opportunity for buyback going forward? 
 Larry Ellison: I think it depends on a lot of things. We're constantly reviewing our uses of capital and what would provide the greatest return for shareholders. If a buyback looks like it's the best way to use our capital, we'll increase the size of our buyback. If we have the opportunity to make a particularly strategic and financially advantageous acquisition, we'll use the capital there.  So again, every time we look at an acquisition, clearly we have to look at what that acquisition's going to cost versus what if we use that money, that same cash to buy back our stock. So we're constantly evaluating any acquisition versus stock buyback. 
Steve Mahedy - Banc of America: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Moving onto Peter Goldmacher with Cowen & Co. 
Peter Goldmacher - SG Cowen: Larry, just wanted to ask you a quick question on Enterprise Search. I know before you guys have had a lot of search distributed among the various applications. I'd love a little bit more detail on how you organize the search, what are the necessary database preconditions for search to be effective, and how do you all think of search relative to the gains you're trying to make in business intelligence? 
 Larry Ellison: Well, search is really kind of interesting. Let's say your company has 300 separate databases and 100 exchange servers, and an uncountable number of Microsoft file servers. What we do is we set up a completely separate Oracle database. One Oracle database that goes out with crawlers. Very Google-like, but it's not crawling the World Wide Web, it's crawling all of your databases. It's crawling all of your files. It's crawling all of your exchange servers. Those crawlers then index all of that information inside of your enterprise and put those indices into an Oracle database.  Then, you simply ask the question, find me everything about Intel. We have all of the links to all of the different databases, all of the different files, all of the different exchange servers, then we filter that through our security systems. The interesting thing about this is we don't really go out and tamper with all those installed systems you have out there, we're just adding a separate database, a new database, which indices all the other databases and file systems that you have. It's the way it works. That's why we can put it in in a few days and it starts delivering a return on it's investment literally before we can invoice you. 
Peter Goldmacher - SG Cowen: If you run a simple query, how do you keep it in context? It would seem like this -- is there some potential linkage with your BI offerings? 
 Larry Ellison: No, no. Again, it's very Google-ish except for the fact that we deal with the security problem. What Google does, they just have a bunch of servers with indices that allow you to find everything to do with Chicago Cubs. They will find all the websites, all the different information linked to the Chicago Cubs. And that's stored in the Google database, even though all of the data about the Cubs is stored God only knows where, in servers all over the world.  Secure Enterprise Search is a database of indices and security profiles. 
Peter Goldmacher - SG Cowen: Okay. As far as the context? Getting a search in context? 
 Larry Ellison: We have a lot of very cool things because we've been in the search business for 25 years. So in terms of relevancy, in terms of weighting the searches, clearly in terms of security filters, we think we give you very high quality query results when you're using Secure Enterprise Search. 
Peter Goldmacher - SG Cowen: Okay. Let me just ask one quick totally different question. Do you guys ever disclose headcount in Oracle India? 
 Larry Ellison: I guess the answer's no. 
Peter Goldmacher - SG Cowen: Do you want to start today? 
 Safra Catz : We have it here somewhere. 
 Larry Ellison: We have 8,600 and we're going to 10,000. 
 Safra Catz : We've got 8,600. 
 Larry Ellison: 8,600 people in India. 
Peter Goldmacher - SG Cowen: Going to 10,000 by when? 
 Safra Catz : Over time. 
Peter Goldmacher - SG Cowen: Okay, thanks. 
Charles Phillips: One day. 
 Larry Ellison: Eventually. Maybe even more. 
Peter Goldmacher - SG Cowen: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, moving on to Heather Bellini with UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Hi, thank you, I just had a couple follow-up questions. I was wondering in particular, you upped your license forecast in early February as part of the Siebel update call. I was wondering if deal closings came in as expected on the database side post that call or if you saw some sort of change in the market? Then I had two follow-ups. 
 Safra Catz : I'm sorry, you -- 
 Larry Ellison: After the update. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: After the update call in early February, was there -- ? 
 Larry Ellison: Was there any change in pattern -- ? 
 Safra Catz : We raised it as it was and it came in sort of where we expected. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Right, no, but did you see any change in close rates after that either way, better or worse or they came in as expected? 
Charles Phillips: Just as expected, no change. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay. Then two other follow-ups. One on an organic basis, Safra, if you could give us an idea of what type of applications license growth we should expect to see over the next 12 months? Charles, on sales accelerators planned for Q4, since that is something that always comes up this time of year and kind of makes its way through the market, if you could give us an update on how your sales force is going to be compensated in Q4. Thank you. 
 Safra Catz : We don't, as you may remember, we don't actually give guidance by product over any time period and never have. So Charles, you're on. 
Charles Phillips: There's no change on accelerators, we have the same plan the last couple of years. Once you cover your salary it accelerates to a higher rate. If they're selling enough to do that, that's fine. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay. I guess, Safra, my question was do you think that on a apps basis, maybe if I ask it a different way, is 10 to 12% type apps growth or 10% to 15% narrowing the gap with SAP on an organic basis something you guys think is achievable? 
 Safra Catz : Yes, we expect to do better than that, but that's all we're going to say. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Moving on to Jason Maynard with Credit Suisse. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse First Boston: Good afternoon, everybody. Deferred revenue actually came in higher than what we were forecasting. Could you give us color on what you saw in terms of either maintenance bookings or some of the stuff that Larry's talking about with these all-you-can-eat enterprise agreements? 
 Safra Catz : Well, mostly it was really as a result of the PeopleSoft support numbers that are now in the base and everything. So that's, I think, what you're seeing. You may remember that when you buy a software company, you have to do this, what we call a haircut so that impacts that number, because you have to haircut it to fair value. So what we're going to have is now you'll see the same thing with Siebel. So it's really increase from support revenues now that the haircut is almost flowed completely out of the calculation. Then you'll see a little bit again with Siebel, which will drop out again in almost a year. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse First Boston: We'd already factored in the deferred maintenance revenue add-back. But it looked like maybe was the renewal rate stronger than you expected or anything there? The number still is a little better than we had forecast. 
 Safra Catz : Renewal rates have been extremely strong. We had a backlog of things that we are just continuing to catch up on. We just have so many customers, we are renewing them as quickly as we can and we continue to just renew them at extremely high rates. Really all-time high rates, significantly higher than, as you know, than PeopleSoft had themselves and higher than we've ever had. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse First Boston: Are there any plans, as you look out to next year, for perhaps raising the maintenance rates? Siebel and PeopleSoft were obviously significantly lower than what Oracle has typically charged. 
 Safra Catz : Nothing special. Nothing special. 
Jason Maynard - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. That's all I had, thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. From A.G. Edwards we will hear from Kevin Buttigieg. 
Kevin Buttigieg - AG Edwards: Thank you. Questions for Safra. I was wondering if you could give the percentage of license revenues that came from March deals? 
 Safra Catz : You know what, I usually have that. I stopped actually giving that out. Do you have it off the top of your head? 
Krista Bessinger: 39%. 
Kevin Buttigieg - AG Edwards: Great, thank you. And then just a question with regards to acquisitions. Obviously you've talked about 15% to 20% EPS growth from both organic and inorganic sources. And now for fiscal year '06 you're on track to do about 20% this year after having spent about $4 billion net of cash on acquisitions. Now you said that you have no major acquisitions planned and obviously there aren't that many large software companies out there left. Going forward, should we think about several acquisitions in total that would aggregate around $3 billion to $4 billion for you to achieve a 20% EPS growth rate? 
 Larry Ellison: I said just a short two years ago, we expected over the next five years to grow EPS about 20% a year, made up of approximately 50% organic growth over that five-year period and 5% growth by acquisition. The first year we way overshot our target and had 28% EPS growth. And this year, as you say, is close enough is around the 20% amount.  There are several things we can do that influences our EPS growth. A lot of them have been mentioned, you mentioned acquisitions. The fundamental reshaping of our business as a larger and larger percentage of our business is in subscription renewals, it dramatically increases our margins. We can become a more efficient operator, which is another way to improve our margins. We can do stock buybacks. There are any number and a better variety of acquisitions that we constantly look at. So we're not ready to move off that forecast. We have a number of tools in the kits that we can use to achieve those goals. 
Kevin Buttigieg - AG Edwards: Okay. And then finally, for Chuck, I was wondering if you could provide some more color on the $50 million deal that you had closed in the first quarter? I imagine that would be both a mix of applications and database, but if you could provide some more color on that, I'd appreciate it. 
Charles Phillips: No more color, that's pretty black and white, that's it. 
Kevin Buttigieg - AG Edwards: Okay. Thanks. 
 Larry Ellison: $50 million deals is around $50 million. 
Kevin Buttigieg - AG Edwards: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Moving on to Israel Hernandez with Lehman Brothers. 
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon, everyone. What percentage of the applications license revenue is coming from expansion from within the existing customer base, as opposed to head-to-head competitive situations where there's no current incumbent? Just trying to get a sense for how Oracle's doing vis-a-vis SAP and some of the other competitors now that it has a much greater expanded applications portfolio. 
Charles Phillips: I think that's hard to get at because a lot of customers have products with multiple vendor, so how do you classify them? I don't think we have that number that precisely anywhere. 
 Safra Catz : No. I know just story-wise as to what we talk about, North America feels they win two out of three, something like that, against SAP here in North America. And just in general, our win rates continue to go up. Again, I can't tie that to the financials, that's just our internal analysis. 
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers: All right, thank you. 
Krista Bessinger: I think we have time just for one more question. 
Operator: Our final question will come from David Hilal with Friedman, Billings, Ramsey. 
David Hilal - Friedman, Billings & Ramsey: Great. Two questions. First, the Enterprise Search product, how are you going to price that? I think RAC and some of the other options were fairly high price, how is this going to be priced? 
 Larry Ellison: It is about the same price as a database plus RAC. I think it's attractively priced and I think the most interesting thing is it's one of those rare database products that you can actually try for a couple of weeks, figure out if you like it or not and then buy it afterwards. So we're hoping we get a very rapid penetration of Secure Enterprise Search versus any of our other options.  It really is quite different in the respect that most of our technologies when we sell them, if you buy SAP, it takes you two years to implement SAP. We are building a custom application, it might take you a year to build a custom application. There's a long time period before you actually get a payback from the investment in technology. This is the rare case where you actually can try it, very cheap to try. The benefits are obvious. We think we have rapid penetration, we deliver the product. The product is priced attractively, it's about the price of the database, plus the price of RAC. If you want to run RAC with Secure Enterprise Search, then you have to pay for RAC also, but the option's roughly the price of RAC. 
David Hilal - Friedman, Billings & Ramsey: My last question, you guys broke out Siebel. I know you're not in the habit of breaking out PeopleSoft, but if we're just trying to get at the organic app growth number in the quarter, can you ballpark it or range it for us? 
 Larry Ellison: Keep in mind we owned Peoplesoft last year. 
David Hilal - Friedman, Billings & Ramsey: But you didn't have PeopleSoft for all three months of the quarter last year. 
 Larry Ellison: We only had them for two of the three months. 
 Safra Catz : The Oracle apps, which we generally don't break out, but I will break it out for you. Oracle apps alone year-over-year was up 31%. So just Oracle apps business alone. 
David Hilal - Friedman, Billings & Ramsey: Fantastic, thank you. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions, I'll turn it back over to our speakers for any additional or closing comments. 
Krista Bessinger: Great. Thanks everyone for participating in today's call. A replay is going to be available for 24 hours. And that replay number is (719) 457-0820 with passcode 6854537. You can also access the webcast replay on the Oracle investor relations website and the replay will be available through the close of market on March 27th. Thanks and with that, I'll turn it back to the operator to close. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2006 Q2  (2005-12-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby. Good day everyone and welcome to today’s Oracle Corporation quarterly conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce Catherine Evans, Investor Relations Program Manager. Please go ahead ma’am.
Catherine Evans: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Oracle Corporation’s Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2006 Earnings Conference Call. With me on this call, our Oracle CEO Larry Ellison, Oracle President and Chief Financial Officer, Safra Catz and Oracle President, Charles Phillips. Their commentary will be followed by Q&A session. Before their comments, I would like to remind participant that our discussion maybe deemed to the felicitation materials in respect of the proposed business combination of Oracle and Siebel Systems Incorporated. In connection with the proposed transaction, a registration statement on Form S-4 was filed by Ozark Holding Incorporated with SEC on October 19, 2005. As amended, the registration number of 333/129139 containing a preliminary proxy statement perspective and other documents filed by Oracle and Siebel Systems. Stock holders of Siebel Systems are encouraged to read the registration statement and any other relevant documents filed with SEC, including the proxy statement that is part of the registration statement because they contain important information about the proposed business combination. Any offered securities will only be made pursuant to a definitive proxy statement perspective. The final proxy statement perspective will be known to stock holders of Siebel Systems and investors and security holders will be able to obtain the documents free of charge of SEC website from Oracle Corporation at 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, California 94065, Attention: Investor Relations, or from Siebel Systems Incorporated, 2207, Bridgepointe Parkway, San Mateo, California, 94404, Attention: Investor Relations. Oracle, Siebel Systems and the respective Directors and Executive Officers and other members of management and Employees maybe deemed to participate in this felicitation of proxies and respect of the proposed transaction. Information regarding Oracle’s Directors and Executive Officers is available on Oracle’s proxy statement for 2005 annual meeting of stock holders, which we filed with SEC on August 30, 2005 and information regarding Siebel System’s Directors and Executive Officers is available on Siebel Systems proxy statement, Fourth 2005 Annual Meeting of Stock Holders, which we filed with SEC on April 29, 2005. Additional information regarding the interest of such potential participants will be included in the proxy statement perspective and other relevant documents filed with SEC when they become available. Our discussion may include predictions, estimates and other information that maybe considered forward-looking. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment and what the future hold, they’re subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinions only as of today of this presentation. Please keep in mind, that we are not obligating ourselves to revive or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. We’re out today’s discussion, we will attempt to present some important factors relating to our business that may affect our prediction. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for more complete discussion of these factors and other risks, particularly under the heading, “factors that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock". Thank you and I’ll turn the call over to Safra Catz.
Safra Catz: Thanks Cathy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for our earnings call. Today I’m going to touch on a few non-GAAP financial highlights for the quarter, since that’s how you all cover us. But of course, we’ve attached the full financial schedule to the earnings release as well as a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP. I encourage you to review the full financial schedules carefully. We’ve also included a constant dollar analysis in the schedules as we always do, to help put the quarter into context. The dollar strengthened substantially, moving nearly 5 points against us from the beginning of quarter. Now, as compared to Q2 last year, the year-over-year growth rates are impacted negatively by about 3 percentage points from the move in the currencies. After going through the financials, I’m going to offer a quick update on the status of Siebel and then discuss the guidance, and then I’ll turn to Larry, who is going to offer some perspective on the business, after which Charles will discuss some of the key customer wins, with particular focus on our industry and vertical application strategy. Let me start with a few highlights which we’ve really believe define and differentiate our business. First, we grew EPS for the quarter by 16% to $0.19 per share. We remain on track to meet or exceed our goal of 20% earnings growth for the year, which means we continue to grow earnings substantially faster than the S&P 500. Now our operating margin, our operating income grew 17% to 1.4 billion. This was 21% in constant currency. And we’ve been able to maintain margins above 40% for this quarter even as we have considerably increased our investment in R&D. Our Free Cash Flow continues to be extremely strong and is one of the defining elements of Oracle’s business model. Our trailing 12 months Free Cash Flow was 3.3 billion. As a percentage of revenue we generate substantially more cash than net income because we don’t recognize some revenues up front, but rateably over the year, as we do with license updates and support. Since we received the cash in advance our trailing 12 months Free Cash Flow with a 116% of net income. Led by very strong performance in North America, our total revenue for Q2 was 3.4 billion, a 23% increase over the same period last year, and we achieved this level of revenue growth even with a substantial drag from currency during the quarter Now, I want to focus on subscription revenue which is comprised of our software license update and product support revenue. Every new license sale and acquisition adds to our subscriber base. What drives both our margins and our cash flow is the renewal of these agreements by our customers. We now have over 300,000 contracts that are renewed annually. The renewal rates are at an all time high, over 95%. This revenue for the quarter was 1.7 billion, a 33% increase over last year. On the trailing 12 month basis, subscription revenue was 6.5 billion, a growth rate of 36%. This high-margin subscription base now accounts for more than 48% of our total revenues. Now new license, new software license revenue grew 9% to 1.1 billion with North America growing at an impressive 23%. New software revenues grew 12% in constant currency and our trailing 12 month revenue growth rate was 15% compared to 11% the year before. Europe was down 7% as a result of tough comparisons, slowing economies in a number of large European countries, and the substantial strengthening of the dollar against the euro and the pound. Our database new license revenue grew 5% in the quarter to 696 million led by 17% growth in North America. That would be 8% in constant dollars. On a trailing 12 month basis, database grew 9%. Now RAC growth, Real Application Clusters, an option to the database has accelerated rapidly during Q2 and was up 36% year-over-year. Enterprise manager, another database option, was up 41% year-over-year. Oracle 10g adoption has increased now to over 30% since the release of R2, that’s Release in July of 2005, that’s up 24%, that’s up from 24% adoption at the end of Q1 Fusion Middleware grew 8% for the quarter and grew 24% on a trailing 12 month basis. More than 76% of the largest 1,000 corporations now run our Middleware with more than 40% of our Middleware license revenues coming from partners, showing the strength in the adoption of our product. Lastly, application revenues grew 24% for the quarter to 266, again, led by 42% growth in North America. We also had a number of key applications wins right in SAP’s backyard which Charles will discuss Let me make a couple of quick points about our applications business. As we approach the one year anniversary of our merger with PeopleSoft, and as we look forward to closing Siebel. First customers are renewing their subscriptions and buying more. As we predicted, the overwhelming majority of PeopleSoft customers are renewing their subscription services. In fact PeopleSoft renewal rates are higher than when PeopleSoft was a standalone company. In addition PeopleSoft customers are buying more from Oracle, more applications, more Middleware, and more Database. Secondly, our vertical strategy is working. Charles is going to discuss some industry vertical wins in detail. When it become clear is that with Oracle PeopleSoft ERP, with Fusion Middleware with our market leading Database platform. We’re the logical choice as a strategic solution provider for virtually any customer in an industry, one of many industries that we focus on. Third, applications contribute to profitability. Our applications business contributes substantially to our margin and cash flow story. Accounting for the marginal increase in support expenses, nearly a billion of PeopleSoft’s 1.3 billion subscription base will have dropped to the bottom line over the first 12 months after the close. At our scale, adding customers to our application business increases our overall profitability Now, let me give you a quick update on Siebel. We received clearance from the Department of Justice last month and the first phase of our notification with the European commission expires on December 23rd and we’re optimistic we’ll clear Europe in that first phase. And number of smaller jurisdictions have also approved the deal so really we are in the process now of working with the SEC to complete the review of our registration statement, so that Siebel shareholders can vote on the merger. If all goes as currently planned, we should be able to complete the Siebel shareholder vote and close early in calendar 2006. Now, we have spent most of our time over the past few months planning for the integration and we believe we will complete all the major milestones of the Siebel integration even faster than we did with PeopleSoft. Now let me talk about guidance for Q3. As most of you know, Oracle’s Q2 and Q3 are very similar. This year is no different, except the pipeline looks stronger right now and currency impact is about 2 points more negative. So the guidance I’m about to give you reflects the negative 5% currency impact that currently exists when comparing this year’s currency rates to those of last year. So with that in mind for Q3, we anticipate total revenues growing from 9% to 12% to 3.4 billion to 3.5 billion. Total software revenues growing 10% to 14%, for 2.7 billion to 2.8 billion. New license revenues growing 10% to 20% from 1 billion to a billion 1, and EPS of $0.19. Now I had planned on giving guidance for Q4 too, however with Siebel moving so quickly now, it appears that Q4 will include Siebel. So we are very far along in our Siebel planning and modeling, and should be really ready to give Q4 guidance with Siebel during Q3 immediately upon the close of the deal. I will now turn the call over to Lauren.
Lawrence J. Ellison: About 18 months ago, we went to New York and presented a five year plan, and that five year plan called for earnings growth of 20%, EPS growth of 20% in each of the next five years. In the first year of the plan, FY’05, we actually earned 28%, or had EPS growth of 28% which was well ahead of plan, and this year, as Safra mentioned, we’re on target to meet our 20% earnings growth target. That makes us well ahead of plan, of that five year plan. We believe on to achieve our five year EPS growth plan, we have to become number one in several additional software segments beyond Database We have long been number one in Database. We believe we have been gaining share over the last 18 months due to a key technological innovation known as Grid Computing. RAC sales are increasing rapidly which is showing that Grid is becoming very, very popular, as we’re moving from the early adoption phase to the mass adoption phase of Grid computing. Since neither Microsoft nor IBM can support Database grids, we think this differentiator will serve us well over the coming years and allow us to continue to gain share and strengthen our number one Database position. We also think we’ve moved into the number two position in the Java Middleware segment behind, in front of BEA but still behind IBM WebSphere. We think that’s very, very important, because we think we’re gaining share against not only BEA but also gaining share against WebSphere, and it’s very, very important for our future plans. And it’s essential that we continue to grow our Middleware share if we’re going to achieve our overall five year growth plan. In our applications business, in the first year and a half of our five year plan we become number one in our applications in North America, clear and strong number one in applications in North America, number one in Human Resources globally, number one in COM globally, with the Siebel acquisition, number one in retail applications, number one in banking applications, number one in Telecom, and government, and several other industries. All of our acquisitions are designed to move us into the number one market position. Or a clear and strong number two division where we can challenge for number one over time. We believe the lion’s share of the profits go to the category leaders and our, we have seen our application and Middleware businesses become much more profitable over the last 18 months because those businesses are now much larger. We believe we can hit our 20% EPS growth targets by strengthening our number one position in Database, becoming number one in Middleware, and adding several more application categories and industries where we’re number one. Okay I will turn it over to Charles.
Charles E. Phillips: Thanks Lawry. I just wanted to highlight a few strategic wins in the quarter and talk about our vertical strategy a bit. Some of the wins we had over SAP, some of the names are the Department of Agriculture, Pfizer, US Army, Iron Mountain, Englehard, MoneyGram, Kaiser Foundation, DuPont, Fidelity Investments, Bristol Myers, China Netcom, Chesapeake Energy Corp., and a few big wins in our install basis well Additional expansions like Agilent, Aramark Uniform Services, Convergys, Dana Corporation, Noble Energy and there are a lot more I could talk about. I wanted to give a couple of examples of the types of wins that we’re getting. So number one I wanted to highlight is the Russian Federal Treasury. This is an example of a very strategic win. As you know, one of our growth strategies is to expand to new geographies. So we beat SAP for a major contract with the automation of the Russian Federal Treasury. This is a multi-year project with a total value of $65 million 30,000 users, nothing from this deal has been recognized. The contract was a public tender supported by the World Economics Bank, and we’ll be automating about 89 regions across the Russian Federation. The reason this is strategic is the way it usually works is the finance function is the first to be automated in one of these new regions. Then the rest of the government normally follows. And then in these areas, the commercial sector follows the government. And so we think this is a kind of an indicator with, where that market is going over the next few years. So I really want to talk about is Oracle Retail. We had some great wins in Retail, a lot of this is coming from our relationship and investment with Retek of course. So number one, I want to talk about Karstadt. This is a large German retailer, this is in Germany now, who is a design partner for SAP, in retail. And in the last quarter, they decided to switch and go with Oracle. This deep, industry domain expertise is what they were looking for and what we’ve discovered, if you have that, all the other things really don’t matter. And it’s a pattern that we’re seeing repeated, Benetton, also in Europe, Co Op, also in Europe, Ahold, all these are big wins, some of the ones from the US recently, The Limited, Circuit City. So right now if you look at the Fortune 100, there are 13 retailers, 12 of them are running Oracle retailer applications. So our licensed bookings have more than doubled for Retek since we bought them. An important thing to remember, however, is the revenue from these wins have not been recognized. We have been accruing these wins and we will recognize the majority of the revenue in future quarters In addition, we’re really going after the SAP install base with this vertical strategy. What we’ve discovered, according the Gartner Group anyway, 94% of SAP customers are on old releases, some old release of R3. And right now they’re trying to get their customers to move to MySAP, My SAP. The problem is they are charging for that upgrade, and they are dropping support from some of the older releases. So we see an opportunity, so just to give you an example, we did a call blitz at APAC, Asia Pacific, cold calls to 965 customers. 18% said they were interested and wanted us to follow up about switching off of SAP and moving to Oracle applications, so it was a pretty productive day. So our sales reps are pretty pumped up. They see the opportunity, they have the confidence, they know we can switch customers off. Lastly I just wanted to touch on our Database business just for a second, because our transaction volume and user count is really accelerating. We have been expanding in our market by moving to the low end. So if you remember, about two years ago we introduced SE1, a low end product, 81% of the sales of that product are to companies with less than 500 employees, 59% are to new customers. In the quarter we introduced yet another product called Oracle Database XE, a free version of our Database. And what that’s done is vastly expand our user base. We had 30,000 downloads of our Database in September, once we introduced XE in November we had 130,000 downloads. So we’re attracting new users, and our last point here is the core Database license revenue was up in double digits in every region but EMEA which is not surprising given the economic issues and currency swing. So with that I will turn it back over to the operator.
